,date,content
0,2024-12-31,Here's what investors should do now.
1,2024-12-31,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
Benzinga and Yahoo Finance LLC may earn commission or revenue on some items through the links below.
Dividend stocks are currently in focus as Wall Street analysts expect them to rebound in 2025 amid changing market preferences. Bank of America analyst Ohsung Kwon expects dividends from S&P 500 companies to increase by 10% in 2025. But which dividend stocks are safe and reliable for long-term investors? Let's turn to a case study for ideas.
Earlier this month, a dividend investor shared his income report and milestone on r/Dividends – a discussion board for income investors with more than 644,000 members. He said his average monthly dividend income this year was $1,000.
Don't Miss:
Unlock the hidden potential of commercial real estate — This platform allows individuals to invest in commercial real estate offering a 12% target yield with a bonus 1% return boost today!
This Jeff Bezos-backed startup will allow you to become a landlord in just 10 minutes, with minimum investments as low as $100 for properties like the Byer House from Stranger Things.
The investor said this income was about 30% more than last year.
The investor’s portfolio screenshots showed that his average monthly dividend income was around $978 or $11,742 per year.
""I'm quite happy with that!"" he added.
The 35-year-old investor said his portfolio’s current value was $485,000. He also shared screenshots of his portfolio holdings. Let's take a look at some of his biggest positions.
Broadcom 
Number of Shares: 220
According to the portfolio screenshots he shared, the investor had 220 shares of Broadcom (AVGO), one of his biggest positions. Over the past year, AVGO shares have gained about 113%.
Fidelity UCITS SICAV – Fidelity U.S. Equity Income Fund 
Number of Shares: 4,092
Fidelity U.S. Quality Income UCITS ETF Inc USD (FUSD) was the second-biggest position in the investor’s portfolio in terms of dollar value. Over the past 12 months, the fund has been up 16%.
See Also: Warren Buffett once said, ""If you don't find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work until you die."" These high-yield real estate notes that pay 7.5% – 9% make earning passive income easier than ever.
Microsoft 
Number of Shares: 91
Microsoft (MSFT) was another low-yield technology dividend stock in the portfolio that generated about $1,000 per month. In a note, Stifel recently said Microsoft is poised for growth in 2025 due to AI monetization. The firm lifted its price target on MSFT to $525 from $500.
Arbor Realty Trust
 Number of Shares: 2,731
New York-based mortgage REIT Arbor Realty Trust (ABR) has a dividend yield of just over 12%, according to Benzinga Pro. Last month, the company posted third-quarter earnings that came in ahead of Wall Street estimates.
British American Tobacco p.l.c.
 Number of Shares: 932
British American Tobacco plc (BATS) was another high-yield dividend stock in the portfolio. The company has been paying dividends since 1984.
Oracle Corporation 
Number of Shares: 160
Oracle (ORCL) shares were up 62% in 2024 through December 28. However, Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co. recently downgraded the stock to Sell from Neutral with a $130 price target, citing valuation concerns.
Trending: Commercial real estate has historically outperformed the stock market, and this platform allows individuals to invest in commercial real estate with as little as $5,000 offering a 12% target yield with a bonus 1% return boost today!
JPMorgan Chase
Number of Shares: 106
The investor, who earned about $1,000 per month in dividends, had 106 shares of JPMorgan in his portfolio. The bank has raised its dividend every year since 2009.
Realty Income Corporation 
Number of Shares: 420
Realty Income (O), one of the most famous monthly dividend stocks among Redditors, was also a part of the portfolio as the investor had 420 shares of the REIT. Realty Income raised its dividend by 0.2% earlier in December.
BlackRock
 Number of Shares: 19
The investor had 19 shares of Blackrock (BLK) in his portfolio. Earlier this month, Citi said in a note that BlackRock was one of the best asset managers heading into 2025. The firm has a Buy rating on the stock.
Altria Group
Number of Shares: 358
Tobacco giant Altria (MO) was recently upgraded to Buy from Neutral. Analysts believe the company will benefit under the upcoming Republican administration due to lower corporate taxes, tariffs and strong border controls. Its price target was increased to $65. According to Benzinga Pro, Altria has a dividend yield of 7.8%.
Wondering if your investments can get you to a $5,000,000 nest egg? Speak to a financial advisor today. SmartAsset’s free tool matches you up with up to three vetted financial advisors who serve your area, and you can interview your advisor matches at no cost to decide which one is right for you.
The changing interest rate environment has created an incredible opportunity for income-seeking investors to earn massive yields, but not through dividend stocks... Certain private market real estate investments are giving retail investors the opportunity to capitalize on these high-yield opportunities and Benzinga has identified some of the most attractive options for you to consider.
For instance, the Ascent Income Fund from EquityMultiple targets stable income from senior commercial real estate debt positions and has a historical distribution yield of 12.1% backed by real assets. With payment priority and flexible liquidity options, the Ascent Income Fund is a cornerstone investment vehicle for income-focused investors. First-time investors with EquityMultiple can now invest in the Ascent Income Fund with a reduced minimum of just $5,000. Benzinga Readers: Earn a 1% return boost on your first EquityMultiple investment when you sign up here (accredited investors only).
Don't miss out on this opportunity to take advantage of high-yield investments while rates are high. Check out Benzinga's favorite high-yield offerings. 
This article 35-Year-Old Dividend Investor Hits Nearly $1,000 Per Month, Shares His 10 Stock Picks – 'I'm Quite Happy With That' originally appeared on Benzinga.com
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
2,2024-12-31,"Experienced real-estate investors don't expect mortgage rates to drop significantly in 2025, but they tend to agree that it could be an excellent year to invest in a property.
Arguably, any year is a good time to dip your toe in if you're financially prepared.
""Some of the best advice I can give somebody is just understand that you can never perfectly time anything,"" said Matt Laricy, a Chicago-based investor and agent who has done over $1 billion in sales and closed thousands of deals.
His advice applies to prospective homeowners, as well: ""You have to live somewhere, so is it really worth waiting one or two years to maybe get it for 10% less, but in the meantime, you spend 20% more on rent? Are you really winning?
""Just know that the best time is when you're financially ready.""
Here's what Laricy and other veteran investors and agents predict will happen in the real estate game in 2025.
If you're looking to buy a home or invest in real estate in 2025, don't wait for rates to drop before making a move.
""I wouldn't base my whole plan around, 'Well, I keep hearing rates are supposed to drop,'"" said Massachusetts-based investor and agent Dana Bull, noting that current rates are in line with the historical average. ""This is kind of where rates sit. So, if they were to drop, that would be great, but I wouldn't be banking on it.""
Instead, figure out how to make the numbers work in a high-rate environment. That'll mean getting creative.
""Look at some alternative leasing approaches. Usually, they're more lucrative if they're shorter,"" said Bull, who has always done long-term rentals but is experimenting with mid-term in 2025 to improve her cash flow. ""One idea would be to start with something like an Airbnb, with the goal of transitioning after two or three years into something more passive, like a long-term rental.""
Real estate is a long-term game, she added: ""You have to look beyond year one — the numbers are always going to be tight year one, no matter what the market conditions are — so, what are your projections going to be by year five?
""And then, what can you do in the interim to maybe make this property work? That would be focusing on neighborhoods and communities where you can balance both of these plays: It's going to attract a short-term rental tenant but, down the road, you can pivot into a longer-term tenant.""
""I expect 2025 to be the best market since 2022. I think the market is going to take off like a rocket ship,"" said the top Chicago real-estate agent, adding that, ""obviously, every market is extremely local.""
In his market, rents are very high, and, ""it's almost cheaper, when you factor out your down payment on a monthly basis, to buy than it is to rent,"" he explained. ""So, you are getting a lot of people who are going to buy just as a result of that."" Plus, employees should have more certainty around their company's return-to-office plan, which could promote settling down and buying: ""A lot of people rented because they were uncertain of their future.""
Laricy also predicts that prospective buyers will adjust their rate expectations: ""I think people have now realized that 2 and 3% are never going to happen, and are like, 'At a certain point, I either have to continue to be a renter for the rest of my life, or I have to be a buyer.'""
His advice for navigating a competitive market is, first and foremost, understand the basics: where you want to buy, what type of property you want to buy, and a realistic budget.
""It sounds easy. But for buyers, it's really hard,"" he said.
Regarding your budget, Laricy said to assume a home will sell for higher than what it's listed at. Study your market to see how much homes typically go over the asking price and factor that in. If it's $50,000, for example, and your budget is $500,000, look at homes listed for $450,000.
If you know exactly what you want and what you can afford, you'll be able to move quickly, which is essential in a competitive market.
""Know that you have to do things on their time, not your time,"" said Laricy, referring to the seller. ""When something comes on the market, you need to move, and you need to move fast.""
California-based investor Mike Zuber expects 2025 to be a ""unique"" opportunity for investors.
""I think there are some people that will just have to sell — life events, death, divorce, all of that,"" he said. ""And unless the house is perfect, no owner is going to buy it. The general public is basically out of the housing market. So if you have a house that's a little dated, a little old, a little bit too close to busy streets, you're going to eventually have to sell to an investor — and we're going to write offers that make sense at a high cost of capital, call it 7, 8%.""
His advice is to pay attention to the number of days a property has been on the market to land the best deals.
""Go on the general MLS, Realtor.com, Zillow, Redfin, and just look for homes that have been on the market for 50 days, 60 days, 90 days, 100 days,"" he said. ""We're seeing days on market explode, and that just tells you that that seller is eventually going to be motivated or they're going to just take it off the market. So, do they need to sell or do they want to sell?""
If they need to sell, you'll be in a better position to negotiate.
As for what number to look for exactly, start by understanding the average 'days on market' in your area. Then, look for listings where that number is double, said Zuber: ""Anything that's two X the average days on market is a good sign to go fishing.""
Rules and regulations that may affect real-estate investors are constantly shifting. In New York City, where investor Nyasia Casey lives, a new law going into effect in June 2025 shifts the burden of broker fees from renters to landlords.
""Essentially, landlords have to pay broker fees now — not the tenants. So, if you're a landlord, you have to factor in that cost now,"" said Casey, who rents in NYC but invests in Baltimore. ""A lot of landlord and tenant laws are changing in certain areas that you need to be mindful of because it will affect how much money you're putting in and how much money you have to set aside.""
She also emphasized that seasonality matters, whether you're buying and holding or buying and flipping.
She said that as a general rule of thumb, ""buy in the winter, sell in the spring.""
Whether you're listing a rental or trying to sell a flip, you want to find a tenant or a buyer in the summer.
""Once you get past October, you're going to have a difficult time, and you may lose money, whether it be you have to lower your price for a flip, or you have to lower your rental price just to get someone in there so that you don't bleed money,"" she said. ""So just be mindful of when you're putting that house on the market, when you're buying it, and when it's going to be finished.""
""As of October, we're seeing about a 29% year-over-year increase in homes for sale, so what I'm seeing is the market is showing signs of balancing and the conditions are becoming more favorable for buyers compared to the last five years,"" said Seattle-based investor Ludomir Wanot, who built his wealth wholesaling and now runs an AI company that helps lenders communicate with their clients. ""And so the best thing right now we could do is save our money for opportunities that arise.""
He doesn't expect rates to drop significantly in 2025, ""so learning and utilizing creative financing is going to be your go-to,"" he said, recommending strategies such as seller financing, subject-to agreements, and private lending could help investors lock in better terms and avoid excessive borrowing costs.
Wanot's top advice heading into the new year, however, is to actually implement what you learn about online. Taking action could be as small as joining a real-estate community and networking.
""People are buying programs, they're going to the events, they're watching people come up onstage and talk about how wealthy they got through a particular strategy. But very few people actually implement anything they're being taught,"" he said.
""The day we actually stop listening to and reading all these stories, podcasts, and YouTube videos and actually apply ourselves is the day we're finally going to start seeing progress in our lives.""
Jump to"
3,2024-12-31,"Business Insider Edition 
Gen Zers and people with lower incomes are less satisfied with their jobs than other Americans.

        Seventeen percent of respondents between the ages of 18 and 29 — the highest percentage of any age group surveyed —said they were not too or not at all satisfied with their jobs, per a Pew Research Center survey published on December 10.The 18- to 29-year-old cohort is predominantly Gen Z. Pew surveyed 5,273 US adults who were employed full- or part-time in October.
    

        Additionally, 16% of respondents with lower family incomes said they are not too or not at all satisfied with their jobs, the highest percentage compared to middle- and high-income earners.
    

        In recent years, job market challenges and rising prices have weighed on Americans, and it's affected how some of them feel about their current roles. While the unemployment rate remains low compared to historical levels, a widespread hiring slowdown has made it harder for somepeople to switch jobs. Additionally, while inflation has slowed, some people are frustrated that prices of goods and services are significantly higher than they used to be — and that their salaries haven't risen enough to keep up.
    

        Meanwhile, some employed adults aren't satisfied with how much they're paid. Among the 29% of workers who said they were not too or not at all satisfied with their pay, the top reason they gave was that their wages haven't kept up with the cost of living.
    

        To be sure, half of the Americans surveyed said they were extremely or very satisfied with their jobs while 38% reported being somewhat satisfied.
    

Are you feeling stuck in your current job? Reach out to this reporter at jzinkula@businessinsider.com

 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
4,2024-12-31,"Business Insider Edition 
Most Americans are predicting economic difficulty and international discord in 2025, but Republicans are expressing broad economic enthusiasm weeks before President-elect Donald Trump is set to begin his second term, according to a new Gallup survey.

        In the new poll, 56 percent of respondents said they believed that the coming year would bring economic difficulty, while 44 percent felt it would bring prosperity. And regarding international conflicts, roughly two-thirds (67 percent) of respondents foresee a year of political conflict, versus the 32 percent of respondents who see 2025 as a more peaceful year.
    

        A majority of Republicans, buoyed by Trump's victory and the conservative agenda that'll be pursed by the forthcoming GOP-controlled Congress, had positive sentiments on virtually every economic and foreign policy topic.
    

        Nearly eight-in-ten Republicans (78%) polled believe that 2025 will be a year of economic prosperity in the US, compared to 40% of independents and 15% of Democrats. And 63% of Republicans believe that 2025 will be a largely peaceful year on the international front, compared to only 28% of independents and a scant 8% of Democrats.
    

        On other economic issues, Republicans are energized.
    

        Among GOP respondents, 88% believe the stock market will climb in the new year, compared to 65% of independents and 46% of Democrats. (Overall 66% of respondents believe the stock market will rise in 2025, compared to 33% who believe it will decline.)
    

        And 87% of Republicans believe prices will increase more reasonably in 2025, compared to 46% of independents and 23% of Democrats who share a similar view.
    

        In 2024 — under President Joe Biden's tenure in office — the S&P 500 rose 23.3% percent. Meanwhile, the Dow Jones Industrial Average had a nearly 13% gain in 2024.
    

        The November election was defined by the state of the economy, with Trump making inroads with broad swaths of voters over inflation and affordability concerns.
    

        Biden last summer stepped aside as the Democratic presidential nominee in part because a poor debate performance against Trump, but one of the president's biggest challenges was his difficulty in selling his economic agenda to an American public that endured noticeable price increases during the COVID-19 pandemic.
    

        When Vice President Kamala Harris became the Democratic presidential nominee, she sought to orient her campaign around economic concerns, laying out proposals to provide tax deductions for small businesses and offer $25,000 in down-payment support for some first-time homebuyers. She fell short in the swing states — notably in the ""blue wall"" — as Trump retained an advantage on economic issues throughout the campaign.
    

        With Trump returning to the White House, Republicans — who were largely pessimistic about the economy under Biden — are now much more jubilant about what 2025 will offer.
    

        The Gallup survey was conducted from December 4-15 among 2,121 adults.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
5,2024-12-31,"
					
						
						Please create an account to participate in the Slashdot moderation system
					
				

Nickname:



Password:



Nickname:



Password:



The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them.  We are not responsible for them in any way.

Doesn't matter how logical that sounds to you.  It's not what that word means.  Guessing you can feel that way because you're often directionally/approximately correct.
I get it why you'd consider that idea, but time to correct your mind, with effort and time, through repetition.  How would you solidify any other definition for a word that you're close on, but not quite right?  Or a foreign language?
Also it pays to realize a lot of those 200x or 10,000% things are designed to lie.  They don't tell you all th 
But this makes a pet project of mine feel all the more relevant. It'd be an interface layer between people customizing all communication to fix stuff like this.
I had this same idea a few decades ago.  Basically, a human query language.
No.
A reserve of coins?  Have that thanks.  What service(s) do they actually offer other than having bitcoin written down?
Gambling.
Do they want it to go full circle? Will they issue IOUs for Bitcoins just like traditional banks do for dollars?
look at the price of the dollar over the last 110 years. It went up exactly once and almost destroyed the country.
Thats what microstrategy is betting against: the US dollar.
Considering the limits of fed policy, its pretty much a guaranteed win.
Unless the government bans bitcoin or somehow prevents microstrategy from holding it, they cant really lose. The dollar cannot change its stripes.
You'd just push Bitcoin owners to countries that aren't unfavorable.
Indeed. And by now there is no realistic possibility of it not being catastrophic. People continue to be abysmally stupid.
nt
With a net asset value (NAV) premium of 1.78.  So they are a holders of bitcoin and seller of their own stocks with a premium of 1.78 MSTR to every bitcoin.  Yes, they keep on selling stocks.  Why would anyone hold MSTR when they can now just buy bitcoin?  If speculators (these are not investors) are foolish enough to buy into MSTR, let them.  One could argue that at some point, the NAV may be okay to hold, but not at 1.78.
MicroStrategy doesn't just buy and hold. They actively trade using leverage. The premium is the expected alpha over buying and holding Bitcoin.
Indeed. It is utterly pathetic. There people are supposed to be adults with some minimal level of insight, not greedy children with none.
What this may tell you is that the intrinsic value of something has little to do with how markets price it.
What ought to concern us is that it may apply to a lot of other assets. Are home prices going up because the underlying value has increased as a result of a shortage. Stocks because companies are more productive.  Or is it just market frenzy. And how low can they go in the other direction? 
Imagine the impact of home prices dropping as fast as they have gone up. People frantically trying to unload their 
With a house, you have ongoing expenses â"" property tax, maintenance, insurance, to protect your investment. With Bitcoin there are none.True but with a house I also have ongoing utility (either a place to live or a source of rental income).  Just holding Bitcoin gets me nothing.
With a house, you have ongoing expenses â"" property tax, maintenance, insurance, to protect your investment. With Bitcoin there are none.
True but with a house I also have ongoing utility (either a place to live or a source of rental income).  Just holding Bitcoin gets me nothing.
You can get ""rental income"" from some exchanges that will pay you some annual premium to hold your BTC. Risky: probably. Being a rental owner doesn't come without risks either.
""Swarm of cyber hornets"" Saylor will get rid of the next liability, all those pesky employees. Only then can the company be purely profit.
Reminds me of Long Blockchain Corp. (formerly Long Island Iced Tea Corp.) which didn't work out so well.
MicroStrategy branched out to a completely unrelated sector and, somehow, became successful at it--unlike Long Blockchain Iced Tea.
Also reminds me of Zapata fish oil company that went all-in on the dot-com bubble in the late 1990s, early 2000s, and failed miserably.
There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead.
Russia Admits Its Homegrown Consoles Can't Match the PS5 or Xbox Series
US Army Soldier Arrested In AT&T, Verizon Extortions
""A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging 
their prejudices.""
-- William James"
6,2024-12-31,
7,2024-12-31,
8,2024-12-31,"The year 2024 marked a historic milestone as the Dow Jones, Nasdaq, and S&P 500 all reached new record highs, fueled by the surge in artificial intelligence and significant shifts in the economic and political landscape. 
Now, the banking giants have shared their outlook for 2025, providing insights into their expectations for the stock market. They are particularly focusing on the rise of the S&P 500, the performance of tech stocks, central bank policies, and other factors that could influence economic growth. Let’s take a closer look at the banks’ projections for 2025.
2 / 7
Banking giant JPMorgan (JPM) expects the U.S. economy to remain strong in 2025, driven by AI-driven investments and better global economic policy. It predicted that the S&P 500 will reach 6,500 by the end of 2025, representing an estimated 9% upside from current levels.
In the report, analysts noted that while 2024 was the year to determine when policy rates will decline, 2025 will focus on how low they can go. With central banks in G10 countries like the United Kingdom and Canada also lowering rates, JPMorgan expects further reductions. However, the banking giant emphasizes that while the global easing cycle is likely to support economic growth and risk assets such as stocks and high-yield bonds, it does not foresee a surge in borrowing.
3 / 7
Morgan Stanley (MS) is optimistic about the S&P 500 index in 2025, raising its base case projection to 6,500. This represents growth of nearly 11% from current levels, reflecting the positivity about the market’s trajectory.
“Looking forward to 2025, we think it will continue to be important for investors to remain nimble around market leadership changes, particularly given the potential uncertainty that the recent election outcome introduces,” strategists led by Michael J. Wilson said in a note.
“This is also a reason why we are maintaining a wider than normal bull versus bear case skew—base case: 6,500; bull case 7,400; bear case 4,600.” he continued.
Morgan Stanley analysts anticipate additional interest rate cuts from the Federal Reserve in 2025, which they believe could provide further support for economic growth and market stability.
4 / 7
Goldman Sachs (GS) expects that in 2025, the growth of the S&P 500 will occur without relying on the outperformance of the so-called Magnificent Seven, marking a notable shift in market dynamics. 
The analysts anticipate that the dominance of these seven tech stocks — Apple Inc. (AAPL), Microsoft Corp. (MSFT), Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN), Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) (the parent company of Google), Meta Platforms Inc. (META) (formerly Facebook), Nvidia Corp. (NVDA) and Tesla Inc. (TSLA) — may taper off in 2025. While these companies have driven significant market gains in recent years, analysts suggest that their influence might narrow as broader sectors contribute more evenly to market growth.
Goldman Sachs’ chief U.S. equity strategist, David Kostin, released a report projecting an 11% rise in the S&P 500, with the index expected to hit 6,500 by the end of 2025.
5 / 7
Bank of America (BAC) (BofA) anticipates a strong start for U.S. equities, with the S&P 500 projected to reach 6,666 by the end of 2025. Candace Browning, head of BofA Global Research, notes that while many of the anticipated policy shifts are likely to benefit US equities, their success will depend on the timing and global response.
Savita Subramanian, head of the bank’s equity strategy in the U.S., forecasts a potential upside of more than 10% for the S&P 500, along with a 13% acceleration in earnings growth by 2025. Additionally, senior U.S. economist Aditya Bhave predicts that the Federal Reserve will reduce interest rates by 25 basis points in both March and June.
6 / 7
Analysts at RBC Capital Markets (RY) project that the S&P 500 could reach 6,600 by the end of 2025, implying a potential gain of approximately 10.5% for the benchmark index over the next twelve months.
Separately, in a report, Jim Allworth, investment strategist at RBC, highlighted that growing enthusiasm for AI has fueled optimism about future economic growth, supported by central bank rate cuts, driving most stocks to a series of new highs.
7 / 7"
9,2024-12-31,"As global markets navigate a period of mixed signals, with U.S. consumer confidence dipping and European stocks showing resilience, investors are keenly..."
10,2024-12-31,"
					
						
						Catch up on stories from the past week (and beyond) at the Slashdot story archive


Nickname:



Password:



Nickname:



Password:



The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them.  We are not responsible for them in any way.

Intel's STOCK Suffers Worst Year, for those of us who think a company is more than just money
think about the issues they had with the Gen 13 and 14 CPUsAnd being stuck in 14nm for about 6 years while 10nm failed endlessly.

Intel has something notable now.  Their B580 GPU is actually good.  They're still making up ground in software/firmware refinements, but testing has this GPU running current games well.  There is a legitimate alternative to AMD+NVidia today in discrete GPUs.  Too bad they were not prepared for the demand: you can't find one in stock at MSRP.
think about the issues they had with the Gen 13 and 14 CPUs
And being stuck in 14nm for about 6 years while 10nm failed endlessly.


Intel has something notable now.  Their B580 GPU is actually good.  They're still making up ground in software/firmware refinements, but testing has this GPU running current games well.  There is a legitimate alternative to AMD+NVidia today in discrete GPUs.  Too bad they were not prepared for the demand: you can't find one in stock at MSRP.
Intel laid a bunch of employees off, fired their CEO, continued missing goals and deadlines, exited markets and product lines.  Their recent GPU release was well-received as a solid budget offering by the PC gaming press, but otherwise I can't think of many positive headlines from Intel this year.  While we can definitely objectively say that this was the worst year for the stock, we can probably also subjectively say that this was one of the worst years (if not the worst) for the company.
The one good thing we can say is their budget GPU is the first step towards building the kinds of parallel systems needed for matrix math like AI systems.
But their management culture has been rotten since the 90's, letting sales and marketing ""business"" people torpedo their engineering staff.  Pentium 4, anyone?
Shareholder alarm bells should have gone off when Apple found it to be better to build their own chip than rely on Intel.  And then they caught up and perhaps exceeded Intel on some metrics.
Then the 
Dec Alpha was a Reduced Instruction Set Computer (RISC) that was ""really"" reduced and 64-bit. Alpha could not even load a single byte. String operations needed to load 8 bytes and the shift bits to extract individual bytes. The transistors Alpha saved by not decoding complex instructions were used to supply lots of registers. If I recall correctly, Alpha processors were not pipelined.
Pentium 4 was 32-bit. Pentium 4 and its successors have the most complex variable length instructions ever attempted in a CPU. Pentium 4 and is successors translate complex instructions into multiple simpler instructions and then execute the simpler instructions. Pentium  used a seventeen stage pipeline! Transistors are more plentiful today but the waste of so many transistors delayed the Intel move to 64-bit by a decade and still hampers the architecture to this day.
It was the many-stage pipeline needed to obtain high clock rates that limited the Intel design and caused so much power consumption.
https://www.chessprogramming.o... [chessprogramming.org]
If I read that correctly, the first ones had no pipeline for decoding instructions.But had pipelines for integer executions and floating point executions.
Dec Alpha was a Reduced Instruction Set Computer (RISC) that was ""really"" reduced and 64-bit. Alpha could not even load a single byte. String operations needed to load 8 bytes and the shift bits to extract individual bytes. The transistors Alpha saved by not decoding complex instructions were used to supply lots of registers. If I recall correctly, Alpha processors were not pipelined.The original Alpha was pipelined with in-order execution.  Later out-of-order execution was implemented.Out-of-order execution is more complicated but *allows* higher clock speeds because it increases the allowable load-to-use delay, meaning that the first level cache does not have to be as fast for a given clock speed.  Clock speed is limited by latency to the first level cache.The lack of smaller than 32-bit operands ended up being a mistake, so later models added byte and word operands.Transistors are more plentiful today but the waste of so many transistors delayed the Intel move to 64-bit by a decade and still hampers the architecture to this day.Intel chose not to 
Dec Alpha was a Reduced Instruction Set Computer (RISC) that was ""really"" reduced and 64-bit. Alpha could not even load a single byte. String operations needed to load 8 bytes and the shift bits to extract individual bytes. The transistors Alpha saved by not decoding complex instructions were used to supply lots of registers. If I recall correctly, Alpha processors were not pipelined.
The original Alpha was pipelined with in-order execution.  Later out-of-order execution was implemented.
Out-of-order execution is more complicated but *allows* higher clock speeds because it increases the allowable load-to-use delay, meaning that the first level cache does not have to be as fast for a given clock speed.  Clock speed is limited by latency to the first level cache.
The lack of smaller than 32-bit operands ended up being a mistake, so later models added byte and word operands.
Transistors are more plentiful today but the waste of so many transistors delayed the Intel move to 64-bit by a decade and still hampers the architecture to this day.Intel chose not to 
Transistors are more plentiful today but the waste of so many transistors delayed the Intel move to 64-bit by a decade and still hampers the architecture to this day.
Intel chose not to 
This is a company that makes some $20 billion in annual profit. Something tells me that wasn't happening in 1971.
Almost like stock prices aren't a measurement of how well a business is doing!
This is a company that used to makes some $20 billion in annual profit. Something tells me that wasn't happening in 1971.
My edit - Intel has been losing a ton of money in recent quarters - this is no longer the case.  Hense the dying stock price.
Broadcom doesn’t develop new products. They buy companies, lay off 50% of the workforce, cancel all R&D projects, and increase product prices by 10 times. They lose 80% of their customers, but the 20% that cant easily dump the product pays 10x the cost, and that amounts to a 4x increase in revenue if you do the math. Currently, they’re making money hand over fist and the stock market loves them.But, with a tiny, pissed-off customer base and zero r&d, each broadcom business is coasting on profit from a dead product line. It’s where companies go to die and be scavenged for resources. This is fine and all - efficient capitalism requires recycling of corporate resources. But companies don’t like 10x price hikes. Pretty soon, companies will flee a product if there’s even a hint that it might be bought by broadcom.Just to add emphasis, that is exactly what Broadcom does.In addition, Broadcom, as it is known now, has killed several profitable but small product lines leading to an exodus of people and industries from the US.  There are many cutting edge technical products which can no longer be designed and manufactured in the US because of Broadcom's actions, and these represent technologies which cannot be supported in the US any longer.
Broadcom doesn’t develop new products. They buy companies, lay off 50% of the workforce, cancel all R&D projects, and increase product prices by 10 times. They lose 80% of their customers, but the 20% that cant easily dump the product pays 10x the cost, and that amounts to a 4x increase in revenue if you do the math. Currently, they’re making money hand over fist and the stock market loves them.
But, with a tiny, pissed-off customer base and zero r&d, each broadcom business is coasting on profit from a dead product line. It’s where companies go to die and be scavenged for resources. This is fine and all - efficient capitalism requires recycling of corporate resources. But companies don’t like 10x price hikes. Pretty soon, companies will flee a product if there’s even a hint that it might be bought by broadcom.
Just to add emphasis, that is exactly what Broadcom does.
In addition, Broadcom, as it is known now, has killed several profitable but small product lines leading to an exodus of people and industries from the US.  There are many cutting edge technical products which can no longer be designed and manufactured in the US because of Broadcom's actions, and these represent technologies which cannot be supported in the US any longer.
Looking at the lifetime (MAX) stock price graph on the Google shows that, over time, Intel has a period of low cap followed by periods of increased growth.  Current price is about $20 a share and with typical periods going up to the high twenties low thirties - seem like every 20 years or so there's a ""wave"" where the cap goes insane, but the overall value of the company appears to be somewhat stable.
So you gotta ask yourself, are you a betting person?  Do you buy now, or wait a little longer in the hopes it goes even lower, then hold on to it long term waiting for AMD (or another competitor) to make a mistake so they can take on more market share before selling your stake?
All the ""doom and gloom"" is stupid, recent share price trends came off the back of the pandemic where people were quarantining and buying PCs to pass the time - that market has more or less dried up now and Intel is going back to it's more ""stable"" operating mode.  Personally I prefer long term stability, not that I play the stock market directly, as I'd prefer to see returns over time versus taking a huge risk and losing my shirt hoping for that ""lottery"" win that's more luck than skill.
Not gonna talk about their chip issues this year, still rocking a 2009 iMac with a Windows 10 install as my daily driver and not really looking for a screaming new machine at the moment, but whatever problems they're having are also cyclical - AMD kicks their ass for a while then Intel catches up and kicks their ass, then AMD catches up to kick their ass again.
Intel hasn't had a particularly good products since... Pentium M? Maybe P3. Around that time.
Their fortunes really depend on how good AMD's products are, and how much Intel can escape its own screw ups. Right now they have massive liabilities because they CPU they made in the last couple of years is going to die a premature death, and it's only really a question of how much of it they can weasel out of.
The Core 2 was good, although you could argue it was a continuation of the Pentium III/Pentium M family.  The *Bridge and *well Xeons were excellent.  Skylake was when it all fell apart.
is still having the same problem as the previous iteration.
Intel seem to be losing the battle with Arm (and its licensees Apple Silicon, Qualcomm, Nvidia...) using x86-64.
What of their Horse Creek collaboration with SiFive? To me that seems a natural evolution, Intel develop the motherboard with fully open source Linux IP for WiFi, Ethernet, GPU etc and let SiFive design the CPU.
There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead.
Over 3.1 Million Fake 'Stars' on GitHub Projects Used To Boost Rankings
10 Million Trees To Be Planted in US To Replace Ones Destroyed By Hurricanes
""Atomic batteries to power, turbines to speed.""
-- Robin, The Boy Wonder"
11,2024-12-31,"The new Gram lineup includes on-device AI-powered features, as well as Intel Arrow Lake and Lunar Lake CPUs.
The new Gram lineup includes on-device AI-powered features, as well as Intel Arrow Lake and Lunar Lake CPUs.
by  Andrew Liszewski
If you buy something from a Verge link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.
LG has announced additions to its ultra-light Gram and Gram Pro laptop lineup, adding cloud-based and on-device AI-powered features that go beyond its current Gram laptops.
The 16-inch Gram Pro will also be the first Copilot Plus PC in the LG Gram lineup and is further distinguished as the only model using the Intel Lunar Lake Core Ultra V-Series processors. The 17-inch Gram Pro and 16-inch 2-in-1 use Intel’s Arrow Lake Core Ultra H-Series processors.
The LG Gram Pro will be available in 17-inch and 16-inch models featuring 2,560 x 1,600 displays, up to 32GB of LPDDR5X memory, and up to 2TB Gen4 NVMe SSDs. The 16-inch Gram Pro and the 16-inch LG Gram Pro 2-in-1 will have Intel Arc GPUs, while the 17-inch Gram Pro will instead feature an Nvidia GeForce RTX4050 graphics card.
Gram Chat On-Device, which uses a “small language model derived from LG AI Research’s EXAONE large language model,” powers offline features, including Time Travel, which lets users quickly revisit “web pages, documents, videos and audio files” they’ve recently accessed. LG’s software is adding tools similar to Microsoft’s Copilot Plus suite and Apple Intelligence, but given the trouble Microsoft has had with Recall, we’ll have to wait and see how it all measures up.
It also might make those features available on more PCs, but LG hasn’t specified which AI features will be available on which laptops in the new Gram lineup.
Gram Chat Cloud is powered by OpenAI’s GPT-4o and responds to inquiries using “vast web-based datasets for detailed and comprehensive responses” while integrating with calendar and email services. It requires an active internet connection and will only be free for the first year.
All of the new Gram laptops also support LG’s Gram Link 2.0, which streamlines document and file sharing with other PCs and iOS or Android-based smartphones. It also allows incoming phone calls to be answered through the Gram laptops, so you don’t have to swap headsets or Bluetooth headphones to another device temporarily.
LG will also introduce its entry-level Gram Book to the US market next year. Powered by an Intel Core i5 processor, it features a 15.6-inch 60Hz full HD display, a 720p webcam, and configurations of up to 1TB of SSD storage and 16GB of DDR4 memory.
A weekly newsletter by David Pierce designed to tell you everything you need to download, watch, read, listen to, and explore that fits in The Verge’s universe.
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved"
12,2024-12-31,"Big-name brands like Apple, Sony, and Bose tend to dominate the headlines when it comes to wireless earbuds, but that doesn’t mean you need to spend a ton to get something good. It’s more than possible to find a pair with clean sound, strong noise cancellatio…"
13,2024-12-31,"Business Insider Edition 
Investors feeling nervous about markets and the economy have a number of reasons to cheer up, with several bullish factors set to keep the rally going next year, according to Goldman Sachs.

        Economists at the bank made several predictions for markets and the economy in 2025, some of which buck current expectations.
    

        Some investors are starting to sour on next year's outlook, with over 34% of traders saying they were bearish on stocks over the next six months, according to the AAII's latest investor Sentiment Survey.
    

        Meanwhile, the Conference Board's Expectations Index, a measure of how consumers feel about various parts of the economy, dropped to near-recessionary levels in December.
    

        Yet, a handful of factors could keep the economy going strong or even stronger in 2025. 
    

        Here are five bullish calls the bank has made for the coming year. 
    

        The US economy could expand even faster than investors are currently expecting. Goldman Sachs forecast GDP to grow 2.4% year-over-year by the fourth quarter of 2025, above the consensus estimate of 2% growth.
    

        That increase will largely be fueled by strong consumer spending. Americans, bolstered by a strong job market and increased wealth from holding stocks, will likely ramp up their spending by 2.3% on a yearly basis in 2025, Goldman predicted, on par with consumer spending growth seen over the last two years.
    

        Investment by businesses will probably far surpass expectations, Goldman said. The bank predicted that private investment in the economy would climb 5% year-over-year in the fourth quarter, above consensus estimates of around 3% growth.
    

        ""While the factory-building boom subsidized by the Inflation Reduction Act and CHIPS Act will slow, spending on equipment for those new factories and for artificial intelligence, the reinstatement of tax incentives, rising confidence, and lower short-term borrowing rates for small businesses should fuel roughly 5% growth in business investment,"" economists said.
    

        The employment picture could look a lot stronger in 2025. Unemployment will likely fall back to around 4% by the end of 2025, Goldman predicted, slightly lower than the 4.2% jobless rate recorded in November.
    

        ""Job openings remain high and strong final demand growth should keep labor demand growing robustly. Meanwhile, the surge in immigrant labor supply that the labor market struggled to fully absorb this year has already slowed sharply and will fade further,"" the note added.
    

        Goldman Sachs is expecting the Fed to cut rates three times next year, with decreases to the fed funds rate coming in March, June, and September. That reflects a slightly more aggressive pace of easing than what investors and Fed officials themselves are expecting, with the latest projections showing the central bank eyeing two rate cuts for 2025.
    

        ""Both our baseline and probability-weighted Fed forecasts are more dovish than market pricing, which reflects both our confidence that the underlying inflation trend will continue to decline and our view that the risks for interest rates from policy changes under the second Trump administration are more two-sided than widely assumed,"" the bank said.
    

        Economists have said that some of Trump's proposed policies, like his plan to levy steep tariffs, could cause inflation to spike and interest rates to rise. Trump implemented tariffs during his first term as president without a significant price increase, but his tariff plan this time around is much broader, explaining the difference in inflation forecasts.
    

        Price growth, though, will likely continue to decline, Goldman predicted. The bank forecast core personal expenditures inflation —the Fed's preferred measure that excludes volatile food and energy prices — to fall to 2.1% by the end of next year, down from the 2.8% growth recorded in November.
    

        The decline will be partly driven by ""catch-up inflation"" ending next year, the bank said, referring to how real inflation in the economy often lags behind the official statistics. Areas that typically lag, like car insurance and rent prices, have started to cool in recent months. 
    

        Wage growth, another factor that influences inflation, is also starting to cool, which should help lower price growth. Wages grew just 3.9% over the last year, down from the recorded 4.7% in 2023, according to Goldman Sachs data.
    

        Goldman remains solidly bullish on stocks going into the new year. Previously, the bank's strategists predicted the S&P 500 could rise to 6,500 by the end of 2025, implying 10% upside from current levels.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
14,2024-12-31,"


								
									AAPL: 239.25 ( +1.66 )								

									Copyright © 2025 Quiller Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
								
The 2TB M4 Mac mini is eligible for a triple-digit discount.
Inventory constraints have been impacting M4 Mac mini ship times, with some configurations expected to deliver as late as March. But this Late 2024 M4 spec with an upgrade to an ample 2TB of storage is $100 off and in stock with free expedited shipping. This particular configuration that's eligible for a limited-time $100 cash discount features Apple's M4 chip that includes a 10-core CPU and GPU. Measuring at just 5 inches x 5 inches x 2 inches, that's a lot of power in such a compact chassis. But to make this M4 Mac mini stand out further, it also has an upgrade to a 2TB SSD, offering ample storage in such a small package.Buy for $1,399 B&H has units in stock of the model with 16GB of unified memory, while the same configuration is on backorder at Apple itself. If you're looking to lock in a year-end purchase, now is the time to snag the deal to get the system quickly and save you money in the process. At press time, B&H is throwing in free expedited shipping on orders shipped within the contiguous U.S.You can find a rundown of the lowest M4 Mac mini prices in our Price Guide. We also hand-curate the best Mac mini deals in our dedicated roundup.If you'd like to learn more about the tiny desktop, be sure to check out our M4 Mac mini review as well, with benchmarks and detailed expert analysis.
This particular configuration that's eligible for a limited-time $100 cash discount features Apple's M4 chip that includes a 10-core CPU and GPU. Measuring at just 5 inches x 5 inches x 2 inches, that's a lot of power in such a compact chassis. But to make this M4 Mac mini stand out further, it also has an upgrade to a 2TB SSD, offering ample storage in such a small package.
Buy for $1,399 
B&H has units in stock of the model with 16GB of unified memory, while the same configuration is on backorder at Apple itself. If you're looking to lock in a year-end purchase, now is the time to snag the deal to get the system quickly and save you money in the process. At press time, B&H is throwing in free expedited shipping on orders shipped within the contiguous U.S.
You can find a rundown of the lowest M4 Mac mini prices in our Price Guide. We also hand-curate the best Mac mini deals in our dedicated roundup.
If you'd like to learn more about the tiny desktop, be sure to check out our M4 Mac mini review as well, with benchmarks and detailed expert analysis.
Always on the hunt for the best deals, Christine has been covering the Apple space and technology in general since 2009. With well over a decade of experience securing the lowest prices for bargain hunters, Christine'...
This is the 16GB, 2TB version.    $100 is a good start.   

This is the 16GB, 2TB version.    $100 is a good start.   
You're a fool to support Apple charging $800 for an upgrade from 256GB to 2TB SSD. 

You're a fool to support Apple charging $800 for an upgrade from 256GB to 2TB SSD. 
How about $350?https://youtu.be/64_Mc03FC_0?si=swCRXWTlQDuzzsNZ

How about $350?https://youtu.be/64_Mc03FC_0?si=swCRXWTlQDuzzsNZ
Just ordered a M4 Pro mini to be also a file server. Based upon my M2 Pro file server, I ordered the 64GB of memory, 2TB SSD, 10Gb ethernet and 14-core CPU since no changes after it is built.  ETA is 14 to 22 January and based upon our other orders in the last two months expect it will be here early. Being a new year, I got my military discount on the unit well.

Just ordered a M4 Pro mini to be also a file server. Based upon my M2 Pro file server, I ordered the 64GB of memory, 2TB SSD, 10Gb ethernet and 14-core CPU since no changes after it is built.  ETA is 14 to 22 January and based upon our other orders in the last two months expect it will be here early. Being a new year, I got my military discount on the unit well.

ITGUYINSD said:
You're a fool to support Apple charging $800 for an upgrade from 256GB to 2TB SSD. 

You know, quite often you get what you pay for with Apple.  Apple's RAM isn't the same as most of the stuff you might be comparing it with.  	•	Apple uses custom NVMe SSDs soldered directly to the motherboard, which are optimized for:	•	Performance: Speeds are exceptionally high, typically up to 3.5 GB/s in the Mac Mini.	•	Low Latency: Custom controllers ensure faster response times compared to off-the-shelf SSDs.	•	Integration: The storage is tightly coupled with the SoC (M2, M2 Pro, M2 Max), providing seamless operation and power efficiency.	•	Apple’s storage communicates with the SoC through a custom PCIe interface, reducing bottlenecks.	•	Unlike traditional systems where storage operates as a separate component, this tight integration allows for higher sustained throughput and minimal latency.	•	Apple designs its storage controllers and firmware to maximize performance, endurance, and reliability. Features include:	•	Wear-leveling: Extends the lifespan of the SSD.	•	Encryption: All data is hardware-encrypted for security, without performance overhead.	•	Error Correction: Ensures data integrity.	•	Apple uses high-quality NAND flash with better endurance than many consumer SSDs. This makes the drives more reliable over time, especially under heavy workloads. Why Solder? The soldered SSDs contribute to:	•	Compact Design: Essential for the Mac Mini’s small form factor.	•	Speed Optimization: By eliminating removable connectors, Apple minimizes potential signal losses.	•	Security: Soldered storage is harder to tamper with, enhancing data security. Alternatives for Mac Mini Storage	•	For those who find Apple’s storage pricing prohibitive, external storage options are popular:	•	Thunderbolt 4/USB 4 SSDs: External SSDs can offer comparable speeds (up to 3 GB/s) at a lower cost.	•	RAID Arrays: Users can configure external RAID setups for high-capacity, high-speed storage.	•	Downside: These solutions aren’t as seamless or compact as Apple’s internal storage.Even in the Mac Mini, Apple’s SSDs are not just “off-the-shelf” components:	•	They deliver consistent high performance.	•	They integrate tightly with the SoC for optimal efficiency.	•	They feature enhanced security and reliability.This is my internal storage on my Mac Studio.


You know, quite often you get what you pay for with Apple.  Apple's RAM isn't the same as most of the stuff you might be comparing it with.  
	•	Apple uses custom NVMe SSDs soldered directly to the motherboard, which are optimized for:
	•	Performance: Speeds are exceptionally high, typically up to 3.5 GB/s in the Mac Mini.
	•	Low Latency: Custom controllers ensure faster response times compared to off-the-shelf SSDs.
	•	Integration: The storage is tightly coupled with the SoC (M2, M2 Pro, M2 Max), providing seamless operation and power efficiency.
	•	Apple’s storage communicates with the SoC through a custom PCIe interface, reducing bottlenecks.
	•	Unlike traditional systems where storage operates as a separate component, this tight integration allows for higher sustained throughput and minimal latency.
	•	Apple designs its storage controllers and firmware to maximize performance, endurance, and reliability. Features include:
	•	Wear-leveling: Extends the lifespan of the SSD.
	•	Encryption: All data is hardware-encrypted for security, without performance overhead.
	•	Error Correction: Ensures data integrity.
	•	Apple uses high-quality NAND flash with better endurance than many consumer SSDs. This makes the drives more reliable over time, especially under heavy workloads.
 Why Solder? The soldered SSDs contribute to:
	•	Compact Design: Essential for the Mac Mini’s small form factor.
	•	Speed Optimization: By eliminating removable connectors, Apple minimizes potential signal losses.
	•	Security: Soldered storage is harder to tamper with, enhancing data security.
 Alternatives for Mac Mini Storage
	•	For those who find Apple’s storage pricing prohibitive, external storage options are popular:
	•	Thunderbolt 4/USB 4 SSDs: External SSDs can offer comparable speeds (up to 3 GB/s) at a lower cost.
	•	RAID Arrays: Users can configure external RAID setups for high-capacity, high-speed storage.
	•	Downside: These solutions aren’t as seamless or compact as Apple’s internal storage.
Even in the Mac Mini, Apple’s SSDs are not just “off-the-shelf” components:
	•	They deliver consistent high performance.
	•	They integrate tightly with the SoC for optimal efficiency.
	•	They feature enhanced security and reliability.

This is my internal storage on my Mac Studio.
Apple's AirTag location tracking device is over three years old, and it is rumored to get a refresh soon. Here's what to expect from the AirTag in 2025.
Owners of early-generation Apple Watch models are eligible for payments related to a six-year-old class action lawsuit. Here's who can file.
Apple's latest earnings have impressed some investment advisors, with Morgan Stanley inching its Apple stock price target up to $275 mostly because of the long-term strength of Services.
The new Element 5 Hub from CalDigit won't give you a large array of different ports, but is perfect if you want more Thunderbolt 5 ports, and a few USB-A ones.
It's the one-year anniversary of the Apple Vision Pro — and also the 15th anniversary of the iPad. Special guest Tim Chaten joins the show to discuss those, plus Samsung's very familiar new headset and more on the AppleInsider Podcast.
A new report claims Apple's decision over a supplier for a foldable screen is imminent, although it's not clear whether that's for an iPhone Fold or another device.
Apple Vision Pro's price and weight are of no concern to doctors in the operating room, as the spatial computing platform helps replace expensive monitors and stiff necks.
It has been a year since Apple provided insight on its total install base, but on the earnings call Thursday, CEO Tim Cook shared that it is 2.35 billion devices.
Amazon's month-end MacBook Air sale delivers prices as low as $799 on models equipped with at least 16GB RAM.
Prices on M4 and M4 Pro Mac mini configurations have been slashed, as exclusive deals drive prices down to as low as $529.
Amazon's $1,399 M4 MacBook Pro deal made headlines over the weekend, but inventory levels slipped to 1-2 months out. B&H has now matched the deal and limited supply is in stock with free 2-day shipping.
"
15,2024-12-31,"Business Insider Edition 
Throughout its 23-year history, Dmitry Balyasny's firm has been known, first and foremost, as a stock picker.

        While the $20 billion multistrategy firm has added strategies like macro, commodities, and quant over the years and expanded its head count to 2,000 people, the Chicago-based manager still leads with its equities expertise.
    

        So when the firm's equities teams were dragging the manager's performance down to the bottom of the league tables in 2023, Balyasny decided to undergo a ""course correction"" in its largest business unit, the founder told Business Insider in an interview at the firm's office in London's posh Mayfair neighborhood.
    

        ""People were trading too much and not investing enough,"" Balyasny said.
    

        The ""top-down philosophical"" refocus, he said, has been on ideas, research, and longer timelines. Instead of trying to ""catch every wiggle"" or make money on every market twitch, portfolio managers are being pushed to find multimonth or even multiquarter investment ideas, he said. The result has been lower position turnover and less trading in PMs' books.
    

        And performance rebounded in 2024: After a big November that had the manager up 11.6% through the first 11 months, the manager is set to land squarely in the middle of its peers for the year.
    

        While the firm's hiring — for the equities unit as well as other strategies — got most of the headlines for the manager this year, Balyasny said it was the improvement of existing stock-picking teams that drove the returns.
    

        Balyasny's equities struggles coincided with multistrategy firms' growth and hedge funds' increased use of alternative data, such as credit-card transactions and email receipts, which can provide a sneak peek of a company's performance before it reports earnings.
    

        This data, which provided an invaluable edge a decade ago but is now table stakes at firms like Balyasny, pushed investors to focus ""excessively on triangulating and calling quarters,"" said Steve Schurr, a senior portfolio manager who was promoted to the equities leadership team in mid-2023, when the ""course correction"" began.
    

        ""It's become a strategy of diminished expected returns"" as more firms use this type of data, he told BI.
    

        Schurr, who started his career in investing working for the legendary short-seller Jim Chanos, performed well during the equities division's run of underperformance. Balyasny identified his focus on primary research as a winner and pushed him to spread it across the firm.
    

        ""We had to change the DNA of how we conducted research here,"" Schurr said.
    

        The firm built out an internal research database called Telescope, which has an AI overlay to summarize things like podcasts, expert network calls, and sell-side research. A new 15-person internal research team with data scientists and former journalists has done 120 projects for PMs this year.
    

        Schurr said he believed that ""durable edge"" for all multistrategy firms investing in equities would come through primary research, not alternative data.
    

        ""I think we are back to the anarchy of having to be good investors,"" he said of the multistrategy sector, adding that ""80% of a portfolio manager's opportunity is going to be from equity selection.""
    

        As the industry has matured, the titans of the field have gone from brash traders to business-building executives. The leaders at Citadel, Millennium, Jain Global, Brevan Howard, and more do not run a book.
    

Steve Cohen, the billionaire founder of Point72 and owner of the New York Mets, stopped trading this summer — and it felt like the official end of an era.
    

        But Balyasny has begun trading a book again for his firm after giving it up for a time. Other leaders on the equities team — including Schurr and Peter Goodwin, who's launching an internal stock-picking unit called Longaeva Partners and plans to hire PMs to work underneath him — are also managing portfolios of their own.
    

        Balyasny, who has tapped people to run his quant, commodities, and macro units, isn't planning to hire someone to oversee equities. Jeff Runnfeldt, now the chief investment officer of Fortress' multimanager platform, oversaw the equities unit, but Balyasny stepped into the role on an interim basis after Runnfeldt and the firm parted ways in October 2023.
    

        For now, the interim tag has been removed. Balyasny said he believes that trading alongside his employees helps him connect with potential recruits as he's in the trenches with them.
    

        Balyasny has had its ups and downs — specifically in 2018 when the manager laid off 20% of its staff and saw investors redeem $4 billion. The circumstances this time around are much different, he said, thanks to the diversification of the firm's assets and LP base.
    

        In 2018, 90% of the risk was in equities; now it's 40% to 50%. The firm's investors were only 20% institutional in 2018; now that figure is 70%, giving the firm long-term capital partners.
    

        That's important to have as the firm has remade its biggest unit. There are 65 to 70 portfolio managers in the firm's three equities groups — Balyasny, Corbets, and Longaeva — and plans to expand, specifically in Goodwin's unit.
    

        Schurr said the pitch to recruits was simple: ""You're not just going to be a cog in the machine.""
    

        For years the best portfolio managers have had to choose between having all the resources and building a business — but Balyasny says you can have it all. He compares running an equities team to being a young company pitching a venture firm.
    

        Year-end meetings between PMs and business heads lay out why someone should get certain resources and capital based on their plans and expectations for the year ahead.
    

        While top investors can also launch their own funds, Balyasny argued that this path ""is not really worthwhile"" given where the capital in the industry is flowing — and which funds have been seeding new launches. ""Why not be in-house and get all the resources?"" he said.
    

        Schurr has three questions for each potential PM: What's your unique strategy? How do you build a team and a research process to support it? And how would you construct a portfolio to optimize it?
    

        ""Among the multistrats, I think we have a really compelling offering,"" Schurr said, adding: ""I'll let others try to call quarters. I want Balyasny to be the house of the best investors.""
    

        Growth is, in many ways, a requirement of a multistrategy firm instead of a goal. Assets, head count, strategies, office locations — all should be ticking up if things are going as planned.
    

        Balyasny said the firm is always looking for people ""to deepen the bench"" on both the investing side and the business side of the equation, such as Kevin Byrne, who was brought over from Millennium this year to be the firm's chief operating officer. He pointed out that Byrne joined Millennium when that firm was roughly the same size — $20 billion, give or take — as Balyasny is now.
    

        When asked if tripling the firm's assets was the goal — which would put the manager close to where Millennium currently sits — Balyasny said he didn't have a specific AUM goal in mind. Still, as long as the liquidity in the markets they trade in grows, their strategies should be able to as well, he said.
    

        The firm wants to be a leading industry player, Balyasny said. ""You can't be substantially smaller than others,"" he added.
    

        Size certainly matters in the recruiting battleground as guaranteed payouts grow.Balyasny said the money the firm spent on new hires this year is in line with what the manager has historically invested in talent.
    

        He said the manager had traditionally spent 1% to 1.5% of its AUM on recruiting annually, which would put this year's figure at $200 million to $300 million. A significant portion of recruiting costs are tied to performance over time, he said.
    

        This year, more of that recruiting spend has gone toward equities hires, including big names like Goodwin, who have commanded larger packages.
    

        The firm knows that to keep up, ""you have to grow over time,"" he said. ""But it doesn't have to be a straight line.""
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
16,2024-12-31,"
					
						
						Catch up on stories from the past week (and beyond) at the Slashdot story archive


Nickname:



Password:



Nickname:



Password:



The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them.  We are not responsible for them in any way.

Almost no one wants to install an OS on a new machine.  They want it to be fully (or at least reasonably) usable when they take it out and power it on.Manufacturers don't want to have to deal with the extra SKUs of different OSes, the customer support that entails and the software investment in any proprietary stuff they preload.  And don't say ""no one wants that stuff"" - to some extent people do want it or at least tolerate it just fine. Among other things the security updates and driver updates are used a 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/... [wikipedia.org]
Even a 1000x increase in Linux desktop usage would not be more than a tiny rounding error compared to Windows usage. So maybe it moved things ""quite a bit"" relative to before, but it is still an effectively zero change.
That is all.
Linux is for smart people.  So, that alone guarantees that it will never be mainstream.
I installed it on my parent's computer in 2005 after I got tired of pulling viruses out of their Windows XP machine. Best decision I ever made, now the only thing they can do is install malicious extensions in Firefox. Which they do. A couple times a year.
2005, the year of Linux on the Desktop.
2005, the year of Linux as a shim to run web browsers. FTFY. I suspect that's all your parents do with their Linux machine. It's hardly a desktop. Heck I don't think my dad can tell the difference between using his PC and his Android tablet.
2005, the year of Linux as a shim to run web browsers.
FTFY. I suspect that's all your parents do with their Linux machine. It's hardly a desktop. Heck I don't think my dad can tell the difference between using his PC and his Android tablet.
2005, the year of Linux as a shim to run web browsers. FTFY. I suspect that's all your parents do with their Linux machine. It's hardly a desktop. Heck I don't think my dad can tell the difference between using his PC and his Android tablet.You're describing 99.9% of all computer users. If you don't count folks using a PC as a web browser in your stats, no computer counts other than creator machines and business machines.
2005, the year of Linux as a shim to run web browsers. FTFY. I suspect that's all your parents do with their Linux machine. It's hardly a desktop. Heck I don't think my dad can tell the difference between using his PC and his Android tablet.
2005, the year of Linux as a shim to run web browsers. 
FTFY. I suspect that's all your parents do with their Linux machine. It's hardly a desktop. Heck I don't think my dad can tell the difference between using his PC and his Android tablet.
You're describing 99.9% of all computer users. If you don't count folks using a PC as a web browser in your stats, no computer counts other than creator machines and business machines.
>""Best decision I ever made, now the only thing they can do is install malicious extensions in Firefox. Which they do. A couple times a year.""
You can easily fix that.
https://support.mozilla.org/en... [mozilla.org]https://mozilla.github.io/poli... [github.io]
Yay!
Do you honestly think businesses would hesitate to dump Microsoft and its licensing fees if Linux was even remotely viable on the desktop? If the tech was there, they wouldnt hesitate to save all that coin.
Microsoft supports Linux in the corporate world. I run Ubuntu 24.04 Linux on my work laptop and I can still run MS Office, Outlook and Teams because Microsoft has web browser based versions of their applications. Windows also has Linux subsystem for Windows so a Linux desktop can run within Windows.
Microsoft also contribute Linux kernel fixes.
Therefore, the lockin to running Windows is dissolving and it is being done by Microsoft themselves.
I cannot tell if this is the most pretentious comment I have ever read or if you are being sarcastic.
You beat me to it
Yeah, all it's going to really do is promote the use of hacked Windows 11 USB installers that bypass the secure boot and other hardware requirement checks.
I'd put it differently: Yes, 2025 is the year of the linux desktop!
And so will be 2026, 2027, 2028, ...And so was 2024, 2023, 2022, ... (back to some time in the 1990s.)
For me it was 2019.
Or that you can install an alternative one that might be better.Being terrible, my prediction is that the steam deck alone will be the contact with desktop linux that most people will have, and many of the people that will install a different OS to their PC will be installing ""the steam OS"".
Was looking for a serial cable a couple of years ago, and no one knew what one was.  Best Buy, Staples, Office Depot, even Radio Shack.  Ended up going back to the shop to pick one up.  And the only ""printer cable"" that you're going to find anywhere any more is a USB.  It's to the point where any money saved using obsolete hardware for low-level tasks is more than sucked up by the time and cost of trying to support it.
""Is 2025 the Year of the Linux Desktop?""
Probably not, but it is gaining little by little.
I don't think there will ever be a mass migration event, I think it'll be more of a slow and steady erosion of of people switching away from Windows over time.
Part of the problem is that many Windows users don't even know that there are viable alternatives out there (and no, I don't mean Macs).
I'm sure this post will upset plenty of Linux people.
Microsoft switched to Git from their old visual source safe architecture 
  WTF are you even talking about? MS hasn't used SourceSafe pretty much ever internally. Not even when VB5/6 were popular. It was a dysfunctional filler product that corrupted itself and the code files if you had more than one user. No one used it, not even MS.
""GNU/Linux"" isn't even the most common Linux anymoreSo if it doesn't run the Linux kernel and it doesn't use the GNU userspace, it's still Linux.It never ceases to amaze me how desperate the Linux community is to claim any victory they can.  All your data is still going to Microsoft, Apple, and Google.
""GNU/Linux"" isn't even the most common Linux anymore
So if it doesn't run the Linux kernel and it doesn't use the GNU userspace, it's still Linux.
It never ceases to amaze me how desperate the Linux community is to claim any victory they can.  All your data is still going to Microsoft, Apple, and Google.
Azure is mostly Linux containers now.Not really.  The hosts in Azure run native Windows and run Linux under a Hyper-V hypervisor (whether it's WSL or Hyper-V is not known pubically) which is where the containers live.
Azure is mostly Linux containers now.
Not really.  The hosts in Azure run native Windows and run Linux under a Hyper-V hypervisor (whether it's WSL or Hyper-V is not known pubically) which is where the containers live.
Reading this post each year is like watching A Christmas Story and the 1966 Grinch on TV. It never gets old and if I miss it I feel empty inside!
I haven't logged into slashdot for over five years (it was taken over by anti-semitic trolls at some point), but now that I have am 1) delighted to see the comments seem back under control and 2) completely unsurprised ""Will (insert year here) be the year of the Linux desktop?"" is first thing I saw. That's just too awesome.
Oh, the antisemitic trolls are still around, it just takes a certain type of story to bring them out. Like, anything about Syria, Lebanon, Gaza, or Israel.
But yeah, this Linux Desktop fantasy never fails to amuse!
War is a catalyst for technology, and the Gaza war is no exception.
  https://www.google.com/search?... [google.com] 
Nowadays it is almost impossible to write a single one sentence without offending someone.
  Come on, you know you have to do it...
I know, because I'm running Linux Mint with Steam and games and stuff.
Totally the year of LOTD.
LOTD implies popularity. If we were going with individuals using Linux on desktop then I would say 1998 was definitively the year for Linux on desktop. At least that's when I was running Mandrake. It's always been possible, just never popular. ... and it still isn't.
Its like someone has a cron job that runs this every year that changes the year and adds a different reasons !!    It's such old slashdot I start imaging a beowolf cluster running the job...
This story always generates a bunch of clicks (i.e., ad impressions), so it wouldn't surprise me if the slashdot editors have just such an automated job!
Every time MS has EOL'd version of Windows, we see this same question show up or someone writing an article about how this will make it the year of the LInux desktop.  I've been using Linux since 1996, and I can tell you - sadly but honestly, that it will never be the ""Year of the LInux Desktop"" where Linux suddenly breaks out and get's insane mainstream adoption. if Linux does become very popular, it's going to be a gradual gain over many years, just like has happened since the 90's. And probably the most we could ever hope for is to reach parity with or slightly exceed MacOS as an install base.
My 2 jaded cents.....
It's not too hard to use; that's largely resolved. Linux is just too fragmented to catch on in a big way. There are too many permutations and flavors, and it makes it difficult for devs and 3rd party vendors to target. If the LSB base had taken off and we could rally everyone around one package manager, one package format, and one desktop and GUI toolkit, then maybe it would have a chance, but now, at almost 30 years of Linux usage, that hasn't happened and is unlikely ever to happen. If everyone wants Linux to go mainstream, everyone should get behind one distribution and one desktop. - but every time a good candidate comes along, everyone craps on them (ahem, canonical), sometimes deservedly, often not. We are like a community of crabs in a bucket; as soon as one looks like it's going to break out, the rest pull it back down and climb on top of its carcass. IMO, Ubuntu was the best chance for this to happen, and community infighting (mostly coming from Red Hat and the Gnome people) made sure to torpedo any chance that had of becoming the de facto standard. Sadly, I got tired of all of this and moved to a Mac as my main machine a couple of years ago, but I still keep my Linux box for dev purposes. THere are times when I really do miss my KDE desktop though.
If we were limited to just one desktop, it truly wouldn't be a Linux experience.  I could maybe agree with one package manager, and far less distros.  But the whole point of something like Linux is to give you control- and different users want different desktops, at a minimum.
For the 80% of people coming over to Linux that don't know or care about desktops or distros, Mint + Cinnamon will probably do most everything they need/want.  It is nice, simple, lots of features (but not too many), sane defaults, wel 
Thank you for proving my point precisely.

People run Linux because they like it, not because it ""came with their computer"".  No one ever installed Linux because it was popular.  While there may be many good reasons to run Linux, popularity was never one of them.  This obsession with ""Year of the Linux Desktop"" seems rather pointless to me, because Linux always strived to be good, not popular.

Popularity is a means to an end, this end being compatibility. In this capitalist system of things, the more popular an operating system is, the more seriously application publishers and peripheral manufacturers will take it.
Linus said the same thing a year ago. Too many distros and packaging systems, too much work to support.
It will be interesting to see what happens as Windows 10 makes millions of decent spec laptops available for next to nothing. My guess is a boost for ChromeOS.
What would be the point of Linux with One True Desktop?
The entire reason I like it is because I can have a weird setup from the old unix days that works well for me and likely no one else.
  We are like a community of crabs in a bucket; as soon as one looks like it's going to break out, the rest pull it back down and climb on top of its carcass. 
We are nothing like that. Me running FVWM doesn't affect anything.
 THere are times when I really do miss my KDE desktop though. 
Then run KDE. You have no more need to eng
First thing I installed in Mint / Cinnamon was the Compiz ""wobbly windows"" clone extension :)   What a blast
https://cinnamon-spices.linuxm... [linuxmint.com]
TL;DR: The answer is no.
Long Answer:Just like Win98SE's life was extended by a dedicated community with tools like KernelEx... and...
Just like WinXP's life was extended by a deddicated community by modding the registry to get ESU patches, and then by extracting patches from Server and IoT versions in an easy to use way for non-tech people... and...
Just like Win7's life was extended by a dedicated community that modiffyed the registry keys to get the ESU pathches, and IS EXTENDING IT EVEN NOW by pulling patches from Server Versions and with 0patch...
Windows 10's life will be extended by dedicated volunteers by hacking the registry to get the ESU patches (so, until ~Oct 2028), then by using LTSC2019 (So ~ early 2030), then by using IoT 2021 (so ~early 2032) and beyond that, by 0patch.
So, for some people, the extra work to keep Win10 secure (if they even care about that), will be perceived as less work than the work of learning Linux.
And if in the interveening years, they buy a new machine, it will come with Win11 or 12.
So no, sadly, 2025 will NOT be the year of the Linux desktop, and neither will be 2026(when ESU for normal users end), 2028 (when all ESU ends), 20230 (when LTSC 2019 support ends) or 2032 (when IoT support ends).
Written from my MacBook Air Early 2014, With OCLP enabled sequoia, with the Kali, CBPP, and Zorin VBox VMs
normal people won't do any registry hacks but might do Microsoft's $30 year of additional support.I agree 100% with you. As a matter of fact, I intend to pay MS U$D 30 myself, to run Bootcamped Win10 on my macMini for one more years. Having said that:Normal people will not do registry hacks, but normal people will run a tiny little script recomended by some influencerthat does the hack for them after ESU ends in 2026.Normal people will not do registry hacks, but when their computers become virus infested due to no security patches, they take it to the nearst mom-and-pop-computer-shop... And when the mac 
normal people won't do any registry hacks but might do Microsoft's $30 year of additional support.
I agree 100% with you. As a matter of fact, I intend to pay MS U$D 30 myself, to run Bootcamped Win10 on my macMini for one more years. Having said that:
Normal people will not do registry hacks, but normal people will run a tiny little script recomended by some influencerthat does the hack for them after ESU ends in 2026.
Normal people will not do registry hacks, but when their computers become virus infested due to no security patches, they take it to the nearst mom-and-pop-computer-shop... And when the mac 
https://gs.statcounter.com/os-... [statcounter.com]
Oh wait, that's down from a few months ago. Uh-oh.
2000 was the year of the FreeBSD desktop for me, and 2009 was the year of the Linux (Ubuntu) desktop for me, and I was a (Windows) system administrator for a large international company.
Windows has always been a failure of an operating system to me, highlighted once more this week when a Windows 7 laptop lost the second disk frequently in a flaky caddy while trying to sync a mirror volume, and not a single error about it was recorded in the logs at any time exxcept the eventual disk gone error.I've always h 
because of the tariffsbut that doesn't necessarily mean they will switch  to Linux
Computers need to be shipped with a choice. When first powered up: Press L to use Linux or W to use Windows. After that the computer is configured for that OS. Deals need to be struck with computer manufacturers and Linux distros as well. When you choose Linux you are getting a paid version installed that comes with tech support. We need a way to get money into the hands of Linux distros so they can thrive.
There will not be a year of the Linux desktop until Microsoft office runs natively on it. Sorry, but the other options arenr good enough. If they were, businesses would use them in mass quantities.
Office hardly ""runs natively"" on a windows PC anymore, at least for the home user. Microsoft has been trying to ram office 365 on the cloud down our throats for a few years now, making it harder and harder to just run a local copy of Office.
Fortunately, Libre Office is pretty mature these days, and there's always Windows in a Linux VM if you really MUST have some Windows-only software.
At work I run the MS Office web browser variant on my Linux Ubuntu 24.04 laptop. I also run Outlook and Teams on Linux via the MS web browser applications. Microsoft supports Linux in the corporate world and provides Linux kernel fixes. I don't need Windows to be able to run MS applications.
Windows itself has Linux subsystem for Windows which allows a Linux desktop to run inside Windows.
It does seem that Microsoft has turned away from the dark-side and is now a supported of Linux.
Nobody ever won a race by doing the same as the guy in front. If you want to win races, you have to do something the guy in front isn't doing. And, ideally, you chase after goals your opponents haven't yet seen.
Linux is the stuff of innovation and invention, but in terms of desktop-ness, it's going backwards. There is also no serious likelihood of innovative GUI work on Linux, the IBMers and Microsofters are working far too hard at dragging Linux into the 1980s.
Forget the desktop. Create new niches and new 
The new niche is stability, not changing fundamental things without choice, look at Windows start menu, now a flaming pile of shit - two non-interacting processes in one UI, not resizable, not configurable, primarily an ad-delivery service. Let's not get started with co-pilot.This is not innovation, this is follow where we lead even if that destination favours user commoditization over user productivity.Windows is the Facebook of operating systems.
For people like me, windoze 11 is the straw that broke the camels back. Once I get booted off Win10, that is it.
For ""the general public"".... nope. I expect to see this same article in a few years when Micro$haft has a massive security breach the spills bank details and everything else people save on their computers.
That MAY be the final straw, when people realise they don't need spyware scanners, their OS is the spyware.
Windows is EASY. Win 10 was free (I think?) and just works. You can point to cloudstrike 
Same as 2024.  And 2023.  And 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011, 2010, 2009, 2008, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003, 2002, 2001, 2000, 1999, 1998, 1997, 1996, 1995 and 1994.
The ""Year of the Linux Desktop"" isn't the year that it suddenly surpasses Windows in market share. It's the year that when you go to say, buy a mouse or some speakers, you can bet the vendor supports Linux as much as they support Windows or Mac.
We're almost there. It's insane how much stuff supports Linux now compared to five, ten, twenty years ago. A lot of stuff ""just works"" and when it does, it often is because the vendor themselves is contributing the work. (Example: Sony's PS5 controller is basically t 
It's the year that when you go to say, buy a mouse or some speakers, you can bet the vendor supports Linux as much as they support Windows or Mac.Why would I want worse support than I have now?  Hardware vendors are not operating system developers, and your drivers should be coming from who gives you your OS, not who provides the hardware.  The hardware vendor needs to be cooperative with developers or they don't have a product worth buying.  Fortunately, most vendors figured this out years ago already.I've been using Linux since 1996.  Just got a new gearshift controller for Truck Sim for Christmas.  Linux support?  Just plug it in.  Windows support 
It's the year that when you go to say, buy a mouse or some speakers, you can bet the vendor supports Linux as much as they support Windows or Mac.
Why would I want worse support than I have now?  Hardware vendors are not operating system developers, and your drivers should be coming from who gives you your OS, not who provides the hardware.  The hardware vendor needs to be cooperative with developers or they don't have a product worth buying.  Fortunately, most vendors figured this out years ago already.
I've been using Linux since 1996.  Just got a new gearshift controller for Truck Sim for Christmas.  Linux support?  Just plug it in.  Windows support 
it's been the year of Linux Desktop at my house since 1997.   Before that, it was the years of the OS/2 desktop.    And  before that, a couple years of Deskmate desktop on the good ol Tandy 1000
Linux does not need a large desktop market share. It is very successful in other areas. There is no unified Linux desktop experience and the effort to make that happen and to get vendors on board doesn't make economic sense, not to mention the technical complexity involved.
Linux users don't want a unified experience, they like having choices. So, by trying to expand Linux into the desktop market, you lose the market you have already have.
Now, you might get more Linux users and slowly grow the market, but yo 
Linux is the operating system for general computing and servers these days.  Corporate desktops are a niche market and about the only place Windows has a foothold.  And even if you run Windows at home, it's still a minority niche when you consider your TVs run Linux, as do their set top boxes, and your Android, and your cable modem and router.  Microsoft doesn't even use Windows as extensively as you assume it would inhouse.  Azure?  Also Linux.  Seems to me even Microsoft's asking the question ""what even i 
There's a saying , in the AF, the Last B-52 Pilot has not been born yet.  The First Linux User , when it actually becomes the year of desktop Linux, has not been born yet.  Thus we are stuck in an infinite loop.
The First Linux User , when it actually becomes the year of desktop Linux, has not been born yet.
That's somewhat ill defined. The last machine I owned that natively booted Windows on bare metal was a Pentium 133 MHz running Windows 95. I discovered Linux some time around 1998 (I can run my own unix at home?? and the compiler is right there?????) and never looked back.
I heard another saying from the AF about that plane: ""your father's plane"".
And yes, one of the current pilots on those planes is actually flying the plane that his father did before him.
Believe it was a video series about old  and significant military planes that served (or still serve) in the U.S. Air Force. Saw it on Discovery most likely, perhaps a year or so ago.
Only in accounts.
My current and former job were both at pretty new companies (the current one being a real startup). MS office was nowhere to be seen. In my former job, I expect accounts used excel, but I'm not in accounts. In both places gsuite was mostly used, with some additional system for technical documentation.
I am not going to defend gsuite here: it's a right massive steaming pile of absolute fucking shit. It's like a bunch of just-out-of-college kids who had never properly used an office suite went 
MS Excel is available from Microsoft as a web browser application. I also run Outlook and Teams on my work Linux Ubuntu 24.04 laptop. You don't need Windows to be able to run MS applications.
OK, but I don't run Windows at work. I mostly use Outlook and Teams on Linux so that I can communicate with my colleagues. I rarely use Office so I'm not bothered by any limitations of the web applications. I think my employer is more interested in cross-platform compatibility rather than having a lockin to Windows. For my employer, cost is secondary to an employee working effectively in their working environment. Note that my employer uses Microsoft to provide corporate Intranet integration with the Ubuntu 
Actually, not until businesses grow weary of having their corporate networks raped and pillaged on a regular basis.
It will never be the year of the linux desktop.
Sorry.
Anwer: It's the learning curve.   It doesn't matter if Linux is 2X or 3X better than WinX, the thing is that everyone knows what a bitch it has been to learn all the ins and outs of Windows, and figures it will be just as much time and pain to learn the little things about Linux too.   People hate that.   It's also the reason that metric isn't going to fly in the USA.   We all know by inspection what 6 inches is, but if said in centimeters or millimeters, there will have to be math.    Math every time.   Pe 
the thing is that everyone knows what a bitch it has been to learn all the ins and outs of Windows,
Is it though? I'm apparently still the guy who is good at fixing technical problems on Windows. The last version of Windows I ran natively was Windows 95, and briefly ran XP and 10 in a VM for an old compiler for an obscure bit of hardware. Most people who ""know windows"" apparently don't know it at all.
... when CPUs like the 486 DX 50 came out and 4 Megs of RAM became the minimum and anybody seriously using a PC was switching from MS-DOS to Linux?
I mean today MS-DOS is mostly found in some old embedded systems. Windows NT is claimed to still exist on the desktop of some companies just like OS/2 is.
I mean, my desktop PC is running Windows NT 10, commonly referred to as 'Windows 10,' though Server 2016 through 2025 and Windows 11 are also part of the NT 10 family.
And the word is...
(https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betteridge's_law_of_headlines)
Why does ChromeOS get overlooked in this statistic? Since before covid damn bear every public school student is issued a chromebook for school work and lessons. If that isnt a linux desktop then someone cant properly take tolls. Linux is already the operating kernel on a majority of smartphones which is a desktop to more people than actually own a computer. Their smartphone is de facto, their computer. Technically the linux kernel has been pervasive in their life for a good 10 years. ChromeOS and Ubuntu des 
For me it has been the year of the linux desktop since 1998. That is, um, 27 years of the Linux desktop. I don't feel loathing for the dull thuds who do not understand why they must not drink the Microsoft koolaid, or Apple for that matter. I only feel bewilderment and pity. Oh, and anger at you dull thuds for making government and corporate data unsafe by your misguided idiocy. You know who you are.
Every year this comes up ...
ham radio software is the only reason I own a windows machine. I mostly use a MBP.
Every year the raspberry pi is upgraded I do a minor test of the ubuntu desktop.  I also used to try with a VM about once a year.  I've been trying for about 20 years. I am going to take my old Intel MBP and give it a shot again. If I can get wine running for the ham radio apps life is good.
But because of the Shark RF openspot, I am tied to OSX on a M? procesor. jut cannot win.
One day I'll get the Freedom laptop running linux 
There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead.
US Army Soldier Arrested In AT&T, Verizon Extortions
Legacy Airlines Are Now Coming For Your Carry-on Bag
Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
		-- Josh Billings"
17,2024-12-31,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
(Bloomberg) -- The infrastructure arm of Hong Kong’s billionaire Cheng family is seeking to sell a bundle of roads in mainland China worth about $2 billion, according to people familiar with the matter.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Detroit’s Michigan Central Is the Building Revival Story of 2024
Burned Out Parents Need Better Public Spaces
Migrant Crisis Pushed US Homelessness to Record High in 2024
CTF Services Ltd., formerly known as NWS Holdings Ltd., is in early-stage discussions with China’s state-owned Yuexiu Group, the people said, asking not to be identified because the talks are private. It has also discussed a deal with other buyers and has communicated to them that the package of roads could be split into smaller chunks for sale, the people said.
The potential sale is part of CTF’s strategic review of its toll road assets to raise cash, boost value for investors and focus on developing businesses with faster growth potential, they said.
Discussions are still at an early stage and the valuation could still change depending on the finalized assets and deal structure, the people said.
CTF and Yuexiu didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment.
One of the Cheng family’s three listed flagships, CTF has been accelerating its disposals of non-core assets in recent years as it seeks to devote more resources on growth sectors including insurance and logistics. The firm is a key cash cow for the Cheng clan, providing stability at a time when its sister company New World Development Co. is struggling with losses and mounting debt. Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Ltd., which has the biggest market value of the three, is also facing headwinds from record high gold prices to China’s luxury spending slowdown.
CTF’s stock prices have risen 5.8% this year, compared to a 58% drop of New World and a 42% slump of Chow Tai Fook Jewellery. To boost liquidity and shore up investor confidence, New World sold control of CTF to the Cheng family’s private investment arm Chow Tai Fook Enterprises in mid-2024.
CTF currently has holdings in 15 road operations across mainland China, including in major cities such as Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Hangzhou, according to its website. It also operates major commercial projects in Hong Kong including the landmark Convention and Exhibition Center.
The company’s profit rose 44% for the financial year ended June, mainly driven by growth in the insurance business, its commercial projects turning profit from loss and stable performance in the roads and logistics segment.
The performances of the Cheng family’s companies have become the center of investor attention as a succession saga unfolds. Adrian, the family patriarch Henry Cheng’s eldest son, was once widely viewed as the strongest candidate to take over from his father. But that changed after the elder Cheng said in a TV interview in 2023 that he’s still looking for a successor.
Adrian stepped down as the chief executive officer for New World in late September after the company incurred its first annual loss in two decades and racked up more debt than its major developer peers in Hong Kong. His successor, former government official Eric Ma, resigned only two months later, deepening concerns among investors.
CTF is currently managed by co-CEOs Brian Cheng, one of Henry’s sons, and Gilbert Ho. Henry’s daughter Sonia is co-vice chairman of Chow Tai Fook Jewellery, while son Christopher serves as co-CEO of Chow Tai Fook Enterprises.
Henry remains in charge of the family office and chairman of all three listed companies.
--With assistance from Shawna Kwan.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
What Will Elon Musk Do in 2025?
How Elon Musk Took Over America
Phil Knight Is Using His Nike Fortune to Make Oregon a Football Powerhouse
Two Things Bluesky Needs to Become the Ultimate Sports Companion
©2024 Bloomberg L.P.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
18,2024-12-31,"LG’s Gram laptops are back for another round of updates ahead of CES 2025. A decade into the thin and light lineup’s existence in LG’s portfolio, the latest models load up on AI (surprise!) and boost performance while maintaining their trademark portability.
…"
19,2024-12-31,"It reported revenue of $25.3 billion and adjusted earnings of $2.75 per share, compared to the consensus estimates of $25.4 billion and...
President Donald Trump on Thursday blamed the Federal Aviation Administration's “diversity push” in part for the plane collision that...
Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries enforcement agents cited a subject for alleged deer hunting violations in Jackson Parish...
Will Ferrell and Reese Witherspoon are engaged in a battle of bridal parties in Prime Video's comedy. Read the Empire review.
Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a...
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Journavx (suzetrigine) oral tablets on Thursday as a first-in-class non-opioid...
The Weeknd's latest blockbuster concert tour will bring him to Ford Field on May 24, the second night of his just-announced After Hours...
She's settled into a delightful era of senioritis on Wheel of Fortune. America isn't ready to let go. By Luke Winkie. Jan 31, 2025 ...
An innovator, showman and talented broadcaster, Dick Button leaves behind an almost immeasurable legacy on the sport of figure skating...
Armed conflicts and attacks

Business and economy

International relations

Politics and elections

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

Health and environment

Politics and elections

Science and technology


"
20,2024-12-31,"


Manage your account

NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stock markets will remain closed on Jan. 9 in honor of former President Jimmy Carter, continuing a long-held Wall Street tradition in mourning the nation’s leaders.
Both the New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq announced this week that they plan to close their equity and options markets next Thursday in observance of a National Day of Mourning for the 39th U.S. president and global humanitarian. Carter died on Sunday at his home in Plains, Georgia. He was 100 years old.
The Nasdaq and NYSE also each observed a moment of silence Monday in remembrance Carter. And the NYSE says it will fly its U.S. flag at half-staff throughout the mourning period of the late president.
Tal Cohen, Nasdaq president, said in a statement the exchange would be closing its markets Jan. 9 “to celebrate (Carter's) life and honor his legacy."" He added that Carter “was an exemplary leader, one who tirelessly continued his efforts to improve the human condition even after his tenure in public office was complete.""
In a separate announcement, NYSE Group president Lynn Martin also pointed to Carter's “enduring legacy of humanitarianism” and said the exchange planned to honor his lifetime of service.
President Joe Biden declared Jan. 9 as a National Day of Mourning shortly after Carter’s death on Sunday, which is customary following the passing of an American president. Wall Street also has a tradition of paying homage to the nation's late leaders and closed their doors on these designated days.
Surviving records from the NYSE indicate that the first time the centuries-old exchange closed to honor a deceased president was likely April 15, 1865 — following the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln, the NYSE confirmed to The Associated Press Tuesday, and it remained closed until April 21, 1865. Trading was again suspended once on April 24th and 25th of that year, when Lincoln’s funeral procession reached New York.
In the years that followed, the NYSE also closed to honor other U.S. presidents including, but not limited to, the national days of mourning for President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1945, President John F. Kennedy in 1963, President Richard Nixon in 1994 and President Ronald Reagan in 2004.
The last time both the NYSE and Nasdaq, which was formed in 1971, closed trading due to the death of a U.S. president was Dec. 5, 2018, honoring the late President George H.W. Bush.
While closures are rare on non-holidays, the NYSE and the Nasdaq have also suspended trading for the deaths of other notable figures and national tragedies over the years. According to CNBC and Bloomberg, the NYSE closed following the 1968 assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. And both the NYSE and Nasdaq canceled trading following the terror attacks on September 11, 2001, remaining closed until Sept. 17, 2001.
Last week, Chinese startup DeepSeek published a research paper in which it claimed to have trained a large language model rivaling the performance of leading U.S. models, while spending much less money than U.S. companies.  Shares of Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) fell sharply on the news because of its dominant position in artificial intelligence (AI) accelerator chips.  Importantly, several Wall Street analysts have updated or reiterated their forecasts since DeepSeek published its research paper last week, and they all see upside in Nvidia stock from its current price of $128 per share.
If you want to make over $4,700 in passive income this year, invest $25,000 in each of these three midstream energy stocks.  Enbridge (NYSE: ENB) operates pipelines across North America, including 54,000 miles of natural gas and natural gas liquids (NGLs) in the U.S. It's the largest midstream energy company based on market cap.  Thanks to several acquisitions from Dominion Energy completed in 2023, the company is now the largest natural gas utility in North America.
As the artificial intelligence (AI) revolution enters its third year, certain Wall Street analysts expect Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) and Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) to make history by becoming the first $4 trillion companies.  Ivan Feinseth at Tigress Financial recently raised his Nvidia target price to $220 per share.  It also implies a market value of $5.3 trillion.
Warren Buffett has garnered so much fame for his financial acumen that investors hang on his every word. The ""Oracle of Omaha"" recently shared his opinion on why he believes the S&P 500 index fund is the best option for everyday investors who want to ...
At the time of this writing, the stock is up 168% over the last 12 months, beating out Nvidia and other high-profile technology names.  Analysts have recently upgraded their price targets on the stock, including one at Morgan Stanley who has a $140 target on it, which would equate to a 36% upside.  Here's why United Airlines is an outstanding stock to buy now.
These three stocks pay growing dividends, with yields currently among their highest on record.
We recently compiled a list of the Goldman Sachs’ 35 AI Superstars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI) stands against the other AI stocks. In September 2024, Peter Oppenheimer, the chief of global equity strategy and the head of macro research for Goldman Sachs in […]
The Fed is set to meet this month and decide whether to adjust the federal funds rate. Here’s how that decision might influence your savings and CD interest earnings.
As founder of Coatue Management, Philippe Laffont oversees $26.9 billion invested in more than 80 stocks, and though he buys players across many sectors, one in particular stands out.  The billionaire is known for his investments in innovative companies, and he's generally found them in the area of technology.  The sector consistently represented more than 40% of his holdings over the past five quarters, and four of his five most heavily weighted stocks -- led by Meta Platforms and Amazon -- are giants in the tech field.
As the U.S. stock market navigates through a week of fluctuating tech earnings and pivotal economic data, investors are keenly observing how these developments influence broader indices like the Dow Jones and S&P 500. In such a dynamic environment, dividend stocks can offer stability by providing consistent income streams, making them an appealing choice for those seeking to balance growth with reliable returns.
We recently compiled a list of the Goldman Sachs’ 35 AI Superstars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against the other AI stocks. In September 2024, Peter Oppenheimer, the chief of global equity strategy and the head of macro research for Goldman Sachs in Europe, opined […]
With President Donald Trump having recently taken office, there are lots of conversations circulating about tariffs, the stock market, employment and more. It's natural to feel uncertain about what...
Energy Transfer (NYSE: ET) is giving its investors another raise.  The master limited partnership (MLP) is increasing its quarterly cash distribution to $0.325 per unit, or $1.30 annualized.  Energy Transfer can easily afford its distribution.
We recently compiled a list of the Goldman Sachs’ 35 AI Superstars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) stands against the other AI stocks. In September 2024, Peter Oppenheimer, the chief of global equity strategy and the head of macro research for Goldman Sachs in Europe, […]
We recently compiled a list of the Goldman Sachs’ 35 AI Superstars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against the other AI stocks. In September 2024, Peter Oppenheimer, the chief of global equity strategy and the head of macro research for Goldman Sachs in Europe, opined […]
If you had invested $25,000 in Palantir Technologies (NASDAQ: PLTR) stock at the start of 2024, you would have finished the year with more than $110,000.  Last year was a significant one for the business as it solidified itself as a top growth stock.  The data analytics company is leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) to grow its operations, with CEO Alex Karp remaining bullish on its future growth prospects.
In 2024, Palantir Technologies (NASDAQ: PLTR) proved that it's one of today's key technology leaders.  The software company reported record profit, saw revenue climb quarter after quarter in the double digits, and was invited to join the S&P 500.  Palantir ended the year with the best performance in that benchmark as the stock soared a mind-blowing 340%.
KMI announces the $1.7B Trident pipeline project in Katy, set to deliver 1.5B cubic feet of natural gas daily by 2027, driven by growing energy demand in Texas.
ASML offset losses from Monday’s stock market wipeout as its CEO welcomed the arrival of cheaper AI models.
BBCP, SDVKY, OBK, CDNA and NVAX have been added to the Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) List on January 30, 2024.
We recently compiled a list of the Goldman Sachs’ 35 AI Superstars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) stands against the other AI stocks. In September 2024, Peter Oppenheimer, the chief of global equity strategy and the head of macro research for Goldman Sachs in Europe, opined […]
As global markets navigate a landscape marked by political developments and economic shifts, U.S. stocks have surged to record highs, buoyed by optimism surrounding potential trade deals and AI investments. Amid this backdrop of growth and enthusiasm, investors may find value in dividend stocks that offer stability through regular income streams while potentially capitalizing on market momentum.
The company's forward yield of about 11% looks attractive, but is it sustainable?  Innovative Industrial Properties (IIP) buys properties from cannabis growers and leases them back to those same companies, allowing them to free up cash.
The massive growth in the global semiconductor industry, fueled by automotive, AI, IoT, memory and networking markets, is set to benefit PI, SYNA, LITE and FORM stocks.
We recently compiled a list of the Goldman Sachs’ 35 AI Superstars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU) stands against the other AI stocks. In September 2024, Peter Oppenheimer, the chief of global equity strategy and the head of macro research for Goldman Sachs in Europe, opined […]
XRP saw a 50% surge in January, outpacing Bitcoin’s 13% gain and Ethereum’s 4% drop.
Many of these companies have low yields or don't pay dividends at all, bringing down the passive-income opportunity of investing in an S&P 500 index fund or exchange-traded fund (ETF).  The yield of the S&P 500 is around its lowest level in 25 years, with well-known index funds like the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (NYSEMKT: VOO) and the SPDR S&P 500 ETF yielding just 1.2%.  Here are three ways to generate more dividend income from stocks than passively investing in the S&P 500.
“The agreement was that, as soon as they sold their home, they would refinance the mortgage.”
Niccol said the company made progress on its “Back to Starbucks” plan in the first quarter.
Ryan O’Hara, a father-of-one, was one of the three soldiers aboard the military helicopter, according to reports
Nvidia stock fell over 15% on Jan. 27.
Nvidia shares hit their lows of the day on Wednesday after Bloomberg reported Trump administration officials are ""exploring additional curbs"" on the company's chip sales to China.
The joint venture with Volkswagen is drawing interest from other automakers eager to adopt Rivian's advanced tech, signaling a shift in EV industry dynamics.
The industry has been struggling, as distributors have refrained from purchasing material in excess of their inventory amid a supply glut fueled by domestic production and imports.  U.S. Steel is attempting to salvage an about $15 billion sale to Nippon Steel and navigate rivals Cleveland-Cliffs and Nucor vying for a shot at a takeover.  Activist investor Ancora has nominated nine candidates to U.S. Steel's board of directors, as it looks to oust its CEO David Burritt and push the company to pull the deal with Nippon .
Investors merely glancing at Rivian (NASDAQ: RIVN) stock might avoid the company in 2025 simply because it doesn't appear to have many catalysts.  One of Rivian's biggest wins in 2024 came when the company announced a joint venture between itself and Volkswagen Group (OTC: VWAGY).  The latter agreed to invest up to $5.8 billion over the next three years in the joint venture, which will use Rivian's software to create advanced electrical infrastructure for each automaker's future vehicles.
Less than 200 people were affected by the layoffs, but the company has also had dozens of store closures in the past year.
AGNC's high dividend yield and favorable long-term prospects are encouraging. Read on to know whether to buy the stock now or wait for a better entry point.
Costco shoppers spoke to Fox News Digital about the company’s ""commitment"" to diversity, equity, and inclusion after President Donald Trump pushed to end the policies in the federal government
(Bloomberg) -- Cigna Group shares slumped after the health insurer reported cost pressures from surprisingly high catastrophic medical claims that are likely to persist.Most Read from BloombergManhattan’s Morning Commute Time Drops With New Congestion TollHow the 2025 Catholic Jubilee Is Reshaping RomeTrump Paves the Way to Deputize Local Police on ImmigrationHousing Aid Uncertain After Trump’s Spending Freeze MemoTrump's Federal Funding Pause Threatens State Financials Cigna’s health benefits d
Shares of Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) are seeing another round of big sell-offs in Wednesday's trading.  The stock was down 5.9% as of 1:26 p.m. ET today amid the backdrop of a 0.5% decline for the S&P 500 index and a 0.8% pullback for the Nasdaq Composite index.  Nvidia stock is losing ground today amid multiple bearish catalysts related to the DeepSeek R1 artificial intelligence (AI) model that was released last week.
""In our view this is a correction and not the start of a sustained bear market,"" Goldman Sachs said. DeepSeek sparked a $1 trillion market rout on Monday.
This rarely considered and underperforming ticker is poised for returns that far exceed its peers.
Dividends are one of the best benefits to being a shareholder, but finding a great dividend stock is no easy task. Does Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. (EBMT) have what it takes? Let's find out.
Rithm (RITM) has been upgraded to a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), reflecting growing optimism about the company's earnings prospects. This might drive the stock higher in the near term.
Is this the ultimate contrarian indicator?
We recently compiled a list of the Goldman Sachs’ 35 AI Superstars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Vistra Corp. (NYSE:VST) stands against the other AI stocks. In September 2024, Peter Oppenheimer, the chief of global equity strategy and the head of macro research for Goldman Sachs in Europe, opined […]
We recently compiled a list of the Goldman Sachs’ 35 AI Superstars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Constellation Energy Corporation (NASDAQ:CEG) stands against the other AI stocks. In September 2024, Peter Oppenheimer, the chief of global equity strategy and the head of macro research for Goldman Sachs in Europe, […]
Twilio (NYSE: TWLO) stock has been red-hot on the market in the past six months, rising an incredible 148% as of this writing as investors seem to have recognized the potential impact of the growing adoption of artificial intelligence (AI) on the company's business.  Twilio's red-hot rally started in October 2024 when the company delivered a solid set of results along with better-than-expected guidance.  The parabolic jump in Twilio's stock price in the past six months means that it has turned out to be a better investment than AI pioneer Nvidia.
If you buy health insurance independently instead of obtaining from an employer or government program, your monthly premiums will increase markedly as you get older. As you approach retirement, in fact, you'll find yourself paying premiums up to three times what younger insured people pay for plans. An estimate from the Urban Institute, for example, […] The post Average Cost of Retirement Health Insurance for Ages 62 – 65 appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
If you're looking for better ways to generate a steady stream of income with little effort, passive income could be just what you're looking for. Passive income, or money not derived from active..."
21,2024-12-31,"2024 was a major year for the world’s wealthiest Americans as the stock market continued to notch new highs. The S&P 500 hit more than 50 record highs over the past 12 months, with its first occurring as early as Jan. 19. 
That’s meant major monetary wins for both investors and the people who control or have large stakes in some of the largest companies in the world, especially those in the broader tech industry. 
Here are the billionaires who won the most in 2024. Spoiler alert: None of them gained less than $38 billion this year. 
2 / 11
Sergey Brin’s wealth comes mainly from the equity he earned by co-founding Alphabet (GOOGL), the holding company behind Google, and other ventures, including the self-driving car startup Waymo and YouTube.
He owns about 6% of the company through Class B and Class C shares. Since Google went public in 2004, he’s sold more than $10 billion worth of shares, according to Bloomberg’s calculations. 
Brin left the company in 2019 after serving as president since 2015. At the time, Alphabet was the third-most cash-rich company in the world, only outmatched by Microsoft (MSFT) and Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A). He remains a member of Alphabet’s board of directors and a major shareholder.
As of Dec. 29, Brin is worth some $161 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Year-to-date, his net worth has shot up by more than $41 billion, or about 34%.
3 / 11
Although they both helped found Google and Alphabet, Lary Page is reportedly a fair bit wealthier than Brin.
Like Brin, Page relinquished some of his control of Alphabet in 2019 to CEO Sundar Pichai. Page was Google’s CEO between 1997 and August 2001, and then again between April 2011 and July 2015. At that time, he became CEO of Alphabet. 
Page owns about 6% of Alphabet through Class B and Class C shares and has sold shares of both Alphabet and Google valued at more than $10 billion over the years, according to Bloomberg. 
Page was an early investor in Tesla Motors (TSLA), as was Brin. He also made investments in companies like Planetary Resources, which was acquired in 2018 by a Blockchain company, and robotics firm Verity, according to Pitchbook. Kittyhawk, the electric aircraft company, was backed by Page and the “godfather of self-driving cars” but shut down in 2022. 
As of publication, Page is worth some $171 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Year-to-date, his net worth has shot up by just shy of $45 billion, or more than 35%.
4 / 11
Dell Technologies (DELL) CEO Michael Dell has been — mostly — in charge of his company since he officially founded it in 1984. 
As a result, he owns about half of the company, including 29 million shares held by a trust for his wife, according to Bloomberg. Over the years — including a public launch in the 1990s and a half-a-decade stint as a private company — Dell’s value has shifted.
Although the company’s stock is well below its peak of $179 per share it reached in May, shares are still up 68% year to date and trading at $118 a pop. 
Nvidia (NVDA) has named Dell as the go-to company to contact about placing orders for its new Blackwell AI chips. The companies are working together on a Dell AI factory to power Elon Musk’s xAI’s Grok chatbot. Dell’s AI business has been a solid revenue generator, helping boost revenue by 34% to $11.4 billion. 
The billionaire’s wealth also comes from his ownership of millions of Broadcom (AVGO) shares after Dell finalized the spin-off of VMWare in November 2021. Two years later, Broadcom acquired the company in a cash-and-share deal that converted half of Dell’s stake in VMWare to Broadcom shares and the rest into cash. 
As of publication, Dell is worth some $127 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Year-to-date, his net worth has shot up by $48.6 billion, or almost 62%.
5 / 11
Members of the Walton family — specifically Jim, Alice, and Rob Walton, pictured above from left to right — saw their wealth surge in 2024, thanks to their ownership of the company their father founded — Walmart (WMT).
Each is a billionaire in their own right. Jim Walton is worth $114 billion, while Rob Walton and Alice Walton are each worth $111 billion, having seen their wealth grow by more than $40 billion apiece,  according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Combined, the entire Walton clan is worth an estimated $432.4 billion and is considered the wealthiest family in the world.
Walmart last week disclosed that eight grandchildren of founder Sam Walton will be given voting rights over the family’s holdings. The family said in a statement that it wanted to “maintain an appropriate balance of family and non-family ownership,” and ensure the goals of all Walmart shareholders and the long-term success of the company remain the focus.
Walmart, which started as a small store in Arkansas back in 1962, is now a global powerhouse. And its stock has increased by about 70% in 2024 thanks to its gangbusters year that saw it deliver its strongest performance since 1988. 
6 / 11
Amazon’s (AMZN) Jeff Bezos may be the second-richest man alive, but he’s had to fight hard to keep his spot. Throughout 2024, he and some other wealthy billionaires have leap-frogged each other for those spots as their stocks went up and down.
In the end, Bezos is set to end 2024 strong, with a net worth of $243 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Year-to-date, his net worth has shot up by $66.1 billion, or 37%.
Much of that wealth comes from his almost 9% stake in Amazon, the world’s largest online retailer, which he founded and once led as CEO. He’s currently the company’s executive chairman. Amazon stock has increased by 50% in 2024 to $225 per share and a market capitalization of $2.37 trillion. 
Bezos is also the owner and sole shareholder in Blue Origin, a space exploration company that he has said “is not a very good business yet.”
“I think it’s going to be the best business that I’ve ever been involved in, but it’s going to take a while,” Bezos said at The New York Times DealBook Conference. 
7 / 11
Oracle (ORCL) Chief Technology Officer and Executive Chairman Larry Ellison owes much of his wealth to the software maker, which he founded in 1977.
He owns more than 42% of Oracle, according to company filings. As the stock has grown over the year, its gains briefly pushed his net worth above Bezos’ to become the second-richest man in the world. 
As of publication, Ellison is worth some $190 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Year-to-date, his net worth has shot up by $67.3 billion, or almost 55%.
In September, Oracle’s first-quarter earnings showed strong year-over-year growth, and the company has 162 cloud data centers operating or under construction. However, its second-quarter earnings fell short of expectations, sending the stock down despite notching an agreement with Meta to help with its large language models.
8 / 11
Nvidia founder and chief executive Jensen Huang has seen his net worth skyrocket alongside AI hype due to demand for the company’s chips, which power some of the world’s leading AI models.
As of publication, Huang is worth about $120 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Year-to-date, his net worth has shot up by more than $75 billion, or 171.1%. For perspective, on January 1, 2023, his net worth was just $13.8 billion — about eight times less than his current net worth. 
In June, Nvidia briefly surpassed Apple in total market cap and crossed the $3 trillion threshold for the first time, later briefly overtaking both Apple and Microsoft to become the world’s most valuable public company. In September, Nvidia rejoined the $3 trillion market-cap club. Despite some volatility, Nivida shares have climbed about 190% to $139 per share over the past year.
The company has become the titan of the semiconductor chip industry, partially thanks to the handful of anonymous customers that acquired almost $15 billion in chips during the second quarter of 2024. Although Nvidia will not disclose the customers, its top buyers are likely to include Google parent Alphabet, Meta, Microsoft, and Tesla — all of whom are major players in the AI boom.
9 / 11
Meta Platforms (META) CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s fortune comes primarily from his stake in the tech giant, which he founded about two decades ago as TheFaceBook. 
As of September, he owns about 13% of the social media firm. Meta shares are up by more than 73% year-to-date as of writing. And the company seems poised to continue its winning streak. 
Since Zuckerberg debuted Meta’s name — and newfound goal centered on the metaverse — the firm has invested more than $63 billion in its division for virtual and augmented reality technology. More than one million advertisers used generative AI tools to create more than 15 million ads in September, while 500 million people used the Meta AI chatbot on its social media platforms, according to Meta. 
In October, Meta raised its full-year capital expenditure estimates to $38-40 billion, driven by AI-related costs including data centers and research and development. It expects “significant capital expenditures growth in 2025” and “significant acceleration in infrastructure expense growth next year.”
As of publication, Zuckerberg is worth some $212 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Year-to-date, his net worth has shot up by $84.2 billion, or almost 66%.
10 / 11
Elon Musk is — by far — the wealthiest man alive. While that was also true at the start of 2024, he, Bezos, and Zuckerberg played a few games of leapfrog. Toward the end of the year, Musk’s lead solidified. 
The value of his aerospace company, SpaceX, grew to $350 billion this month, while his artificial intelligence start-up xAI has raised $6 billion at a $50 billion valuation less than two years after he founded it. Although some of its gains have been lost, Tesla stock is still up by more than 70% year-to-date, mostly thanks to a post-election surge tied to Musk’s relationship with the next presidential administration. Musk owns about 13% of the electric vehicle company, which is his biggest asset. 
 He also owns 42% of SpaceX and 79% of X Corp, the social media platform he purchased for $44 billion in 2022; X’s value has gone down drastically since he bought the company, formerly called Twitter. Plus, he has stakes in xAI, tunneling firm The Boring Company, and brain chip startup Neuralink, his other startups.
As of Dec. 29, Musk is worth some $452 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Year-to-date, his net worth has shot up by $223 billion, or 97%.
—Britney Nguyen, Francisco Velasquez, and Rocio Fabbro, contributed to this article
11 / 11"
22,2024-12-31,"Digital Trends may earn a commission when you buy through links on our site. Why trust us?
If you’re preparing to level up your streaming or vlogging career, investing in laptop deals or desktop computer deals won’t be enough. In addition to looking amazing with a proper webcam, you’ll also have to sound crystal clear through a high-quality microphone like the Blue Yeti. You’re in luck because it’s currently on sale at Best Buy with a $30 discount, which slashes its price from $130 to an even more affordable $100. You’re going to have to be quick in securing your stock though, as we’re not sure how much time is remaining before this offer expires.

There have been variations to the popular microphone, such as the Blue Yeti X that we’ve included in our roundup of the best microphones for streaming as our top choice for beginners, but the original Blue Yeti remains an excellent option for anybody who wants to produce professional-quality audio. It features a custom three-capsule array and four pickup patterns — flexible cardioid, omni, bidirectional, and stereo — so you’ll be able to record voices, music, and other types of sound in ways that would usually require more than one microphone.
The Blue Yeti comes with onboard audio controls that will let you select the pickup pattern, adjust your headphones’ volume, and instantly mute the microphone. It’s easy to set up with any computer, and you’ll also have access to the Blue VO!CE software that will let you add enhanced affects, apply advanced modulation, and access HD audio samples to make your recordings and streams even more interesting to your listeners.
If you need a microphone for any reason, you simply can’t go wrong with one of the top choices in the market: the Blue Yeti. It’s an even more attractive purchase right now because it’s available from Best Buy for only $100, for savings of $30 on its sticker price of $130. The stocks that are up for sale are expected to sell out quickly though, so if you want to buy the Blue Yeti microphone while its price is lower than usual, you need to act fast — add it to your cart and finish the checkout process as soon as you can.

With the recent announcement of the Nvidia RTX 50-series of GPUs launching from the end of this month, we’re spotting some great gaming laptop deals for all things 40-series. While they may soon no longer be the latest hardware, they’re still going to offer exceptional gaming performance for a long time to come. One highlight is being able to buy the Acer Predator Helios 18 at Best Buy for $2,550 instead of $3,000. Packed with high-end hardware, here’s why it’s one of the best laptop deals around.
Why you should buy the Acer Predator Helios
The Acer Predator Helios is a supremely powerful gaming PC that is sure to rival pretty much all the best gaming laptops out there. It uses a 14th-generation Intel Core i9-14900HX processor along with packing 32GB of RAM and 1TB of SSD storage. If we were being picky, maybe more RAM or storage would have been perfect, but this is still pretty great. Alongside that, there’s a GeForce RTX 4090 GPU which is near impossible to beat (until the 50-series launches).
Best Buy often has some great gaming PC deals, with one highlight available today: Right now, you can buy the iBuyPower Trace 7 gaming PC for $1,000 instead of $1,300. The PC includes the RTX 4060 GPU, so it’s ideal for mid-range gaming. It even comes with a keyboard and mouse, so you only need to make sure you have a screen to add to it. If you’re looking to upgrade your gaming PC for less, here’s what it has to offer.
Why you should buy the iBuyPower Trace 7
You won’t see anything from iBuyPower in our look at the best gaming PCs, but don’t let that discourage you. This is still a good option for those on a budget. This particular model has great hardware for the price. It has an AMD Ryzen 7 5700 CPU teamed up with 16GB of RAM and 1TB of SSD storage. More pivotal for a gaming PC is its graphics card: a GeForce RTX 4060 with 8GB of VRAM.
Amazon is often the home of great Apple deals, and that continues to be the case today. Right now, you can buy the latest Apple MacBook Pro with M4 Pro chip for $250 off. That means instead of paying $2,499, you pay $2,249. That’s not quite the lowest price it’s ever been, but it’s not far off -- the MacBook Pro with M4 has only ever dropping to $2,199 at its lowest. For the most part, $2,249 is a sweet deal and one of the better laptop deals around. If you’re keen to learn more, read on and we’ll take you through all it has to offer.
Why you should buy the Apple MacBook Pro with M4 Pro
The latest MacBook Pro tops our look at the best MacBooks for so many fantastic reasons. It’s a true powerhouse of a machine while still looking super elegant and stylish. In our MacBook Pro review, we described it as “the best gets even better.” It offers “record-breaking performance,” with the M4 Pro chip proving to be exceptionally powerful for all kinds of tasks. It also has a best-in-class keyboard and trackpad, which adds to the experience.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks."
23,2024-12-31,"


Manage your account

By Qiaoyi Li and Brenda Goh
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's capital Beijing passed new regulations on Tuesday to encourage autonomous driving technology in the city, with authorities planning to eventually allow driverless public buses and taxis.
Autonomous vehicles that pass road testing and safety assessments will be allowed to apply for road trials, the state-backed Beijing Daily newspaper reported, which said the new regulations take effect from April 1.
The city supports the use of autonomous vehicles for private cars, urban buses, trams and taxis, it said, adding that it wants to encourage the construction of intelligent road infrastructure to support such transport.
In a separate notice published on Monday, the central Chinese city of Wuhan also said it had approved regulations to promote the development of intelligent connected vehicles.
Chinese authorities have been aggressively greenlighting trials for self-driving technology with at least 19 cities conducting robotaxi and robobus tests, Reuters reported in August.
Companies with large robotaxi fleets in use in China include Apollo Go, a subsidiary of technology giant Baidu, which plans to deploy 1,000 robotaxis in Wuhan by end-2024.
Pony.ai, which floated in the U.S. market in November, plans to expand its robotaxi fleet nationwide to over 1,000 by 2026 from 250 this year.
Other firms exploring robotaxi opportunities in the world's largest auto market include WeRide, AutoX and SAIC Motor.
U.S. EV giant Tesla also aims to bring full self-driving (FSD) to China in the first quarter of 2025, pending regulatory approval, and has said it will start producing its own robotaxi in 2026.
(Reporting by Qiaoyi Li and Brenda Goh; Editing by Kim Coghill and Sam Holmes)
In order to enable safe flight, airspace is split into categories ranging from very tightly controlled areas around airports to other zones – mostly rural – where rules are much more relaxed.
The Army official said that the pilots were on a routine training flight along a familiar flight path that isn't particularly complicated.
U.S. figure skater Spencer Lane, 16, shared a photo from inside American Eagle Flight 5342 before it took off from Wichita, Kansas, to Washington, D.C., where it crashed into a helicopter mid-air.
The crash killed at least 28 people, with the rest aboard feared dead, after the plane collided with a U.S. Army helicopter
EVANSVILLE, Ind. (WEHT) — Bruce Epmeier — a former air traffic controller from Newburgh — believes a couple extenuating circumstances may have led to Wednesday’s deadly plane crash near Washington, D.C. He says we are several months away from having all the answers. Those who visit Evansville’s west side frequently may know Epmeier. He’s a […]
A 26-year-old woman who was aboard the PSA Airlines flight that collided with a military helicopter on Wednesday texted her husband minutes before their scheduled landing in Washington, D.C. Her husband, Hamaad Raza, revealed her text in an interview with CBS affiliate station WUSA 9. “We’re landing in 20,” her text read. Raza responded, but not all of his messages were delivered.
An aspiring air traffic controller who claimed he was denied a job because of diversity targets said the aviation agency’s obsession with inclusion made an accident likely to happen.
A BMW M8 faces Dodge Hellcat muscle cars at Las Vegas Motor Speedway’s dragstrip.
President Trump went off on longstanding efforts to recruit people with disabilities as he addressed the deadly collision between an Army helicopter and American Airlines jet
A vehicle fire sent heavy smoke into the air and snarled traffic early Thursday along I-75, according to the North Port Police Department.
Quicker trips, fewer traffic jams, and shifts in commuting patterns are becoming more apparent. Here's what MTA officials are saying since congestion pricing has been implemented:
The 28-year-old pilot leaves behind a fiancé, his father said
A man whose wife was on the American Airlines plane that collided with an army helicopter is sharing the message he received from her before the crash. Hamaad Raza tells WUSA that his wife texted 20 minutes before her plane was due to land in Washington D.C. “She texted me that they were landing in 20 minutes.” says Raza.”The rest of my texts did not get delivered. That’s when I realized something might be up.”
Toyota's luxe legacy off-roader meets its younger and cooler reincarnated self.
This news is a testament to the rise in popularity of electric vehicles.
A CNN commentator swiftly took down a post and apologized after suggesting that President Donald Trump was responsible for Wednesday’s aircraft collision in Washington D.C. In a post on X, network contributor Bakari Sellers reasoned that “timing matters” in bringing up politics following a disaster—and that he might have done so too soon, while local emergency personnel are still actively searching for survivors. The Federal Aviation Administration, American Airlines, and U.S. Army have all conf
Chesley Sullenberger tells ""Morning Joe"" about the ""common technique"" he thinks went awry during the fatal plane crash The post Captain Sully Offers His Take on American Airlines 5342, Helicopter Collision appeared first on TheWrap.
There was a mid-air collision between a commercial airliner and a Sikorsky H-60 Black Hawk helicopter Wednesday night over the Capital Region.  “The FAA and NTSB will investigate,” the statement added.  “The NTSB will lead the investigation.”
Rep. Andy Ogles (R-Tenn.) is questioning whether diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) played a role in the fatal plane crash at Reagan Washington National Airport outside of Washington, D.C. Ogles, in an interview with Fox Business’s Maria Bartiromo, was asked if there was any reason to suspect foul play in the accident. The Tennessee Republican, a…
The collision happened just over 3 miles south of the White House and the U.S. Capitol.
Hear some of the air traffic control communications surrounding the deadly crash at Reagan National Airport.
HAMPTON, Va. (WAVY) — A woman was killed after her vehicle blew a tire on I-64 Wednesday evening. Two more were injured. Around 6:30 p.m., 21-year-old Joniyah Temple was driving eastbound on I-64 when her tire blew out. Temple overcorrected and the vehicle spun out of control, facing oncoming traffic in the left lane, police […]
Lifelong friend of couple killed in Washington DC plane crash reveals final heartbreaking textSource: Reuters
Elon Musk promised Tesla’s car sales would jump 20% this year at a minimum, but his own company doesn’t even seem to believe that.
The crew of the Black Hawk helicopter that collided with a passenger jet on Thursday morning included two young men and a yet-unnamed female pilot.
EDITOR’S NOTE: Las Vegas Metro police initially stated that the crash involved five vehicles and three people had been hospitalized however after the preliminary investigation police later stated that the crash resulted in two people being hospitalized and a total of four vehicles involved. LAS VEGAS (KLAS) – A multi-vehicle crash left two people hospitalized […]
This year, a car will no longer time out of an event; the mandatory safety parts are all teams are allowed to change.
Divers were still searching the chilly Potomac River for the black boxes and nobody had definitive answers. But that did not stop President Donald Trump from casting blame on DEI for Wednesday night’s midair collision between an American Airlines passenger jet and a U.S. Army Black Hawk helicopter, killing 67. Vice President JD Vance dutifully stepped up to affirm the baseless claim, saying, “We want to hire the best people… actually competent enough to do the job.” He added that the government
Social media is awash with a slew of conspiracy theories suggesting that the D.C. air crash was deliberate. The theories have been turbocharged by President Donald Trump expressing his own disbelief at how the crash could have happened in the immediate aftermath of the Army Black Hawk helicopter colliding with the American Airlines CRJ 700 on Wednesday evening. Three soldiers were aboard the helicopter on a training mission and 64 were on board the jet, which was moments away from landing at Rea
The president caused an immediate backlash when he suggested a deadly plane crash could have been caused by DEI
The deadly collision between a passenger jet and a military helicopter near Washington, D.C. on Wednesday night came a week after President Donald Trump ordered changes to Federal Aviation Administration hiring policies which the White House claimed would restore “excellence and safety” at the agency. Authorities have not yet released details on what caused the midair crash between American Airlines Flight 5342 and a U.S. Army Black Hawk chopper near Reagan National Airport. With first responder
An American Airlines regional jet went down in the Potomac River near Washington, D.C.'s Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport after colliding with a U.S. Army Black Hawk helicopter on Wednesday night, with no survivors.  Sixty-four people were on board the plane, which departed from Wichita, Kansas.  Three soldiers were on the helicopter.
Unseasonably warm temperatures are quickly worsening ice conditions in the Twin Cities.
LANSING, Mich. (WLNS) — Multiple agencies responded to a multiple-vehicle crash south of Okemos Wednesday evening. The incident happened near the intersection of Jolly Road and Okemos Road at around 8 p.m., temporarily closing roads in the area. 6 News arrived on the scene at around 8:15 p.m. and saw police, fire, and EMS on-site. […]
Emily Hernandez, a Franklin County woman pardoned after her ties to the Jan. 6, 2021, insurrection at the U.S. Capitol, was sentenced Wednesday in connection with a drunk driving crash.
Editor’s Note: News 5 has updated this article to clarify the machine used in the chase: it’s a skid steer. UPDATE (5:47 p.m.): News 5 is learning more about an incident Thursday morning in which a man driving a stolen skid steer led police on a chase that ended in gunfire. According to a news […]
After colliding, one of the involved vehicles was facing the wrong way on the road.
Some of the suspects braved last week’s ice and snow to loot unlocked cars in southern Beaufort County.
""We’re here to assure the American people that we are going to leave no stone unturned in this investigation,"" said an NTSB official said
Aviation experts have warned for years about near collisions at airports around the US, citing air traffic control shortages and airspace congestion.
First responders are hunting for survivors of crash in frigid river
Donald Trump’s administration—including Pete Hegseth and Sean Duffy—rushed up to the podium to flatter the president after he used a press conference on the deadly D.C. plane crash to blame diversity hires. In his first press conference in the White House briefing room since returning to office, Trump invited his newly sworn-in Cabinet members up to the podium to address the crash Wednesday that killed three military members on a Black Hawk helicopter and 64 people aboard an American Airlines fl
Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth said he has grounded the Army battalion involved in the operation of the Black Hawk helicopter with three soldiers that crashed into a passenger plane with more than 60 people on Wednesday night. Hegseth, in a video released by the Defense Department on Thursday morning, said the 12th Aviation Battalion had…
MONTVILLE, Conn. (WTNH) — A 19-year-old woman was arrested on Tuesday in Montville for driving under the influence of marijuana with alcohol in her car, according to state police. Police preformed a traffic stop on a Honda Accord driving on I-395 after the car passed their cruiser on the right. Upon contacting the driver, the […]
""The rest of my texts did not get delivered, that's when I realized something might be up,"" Hamaad Raza said of receiving a message from his wife 20 minutes before the plane was due to land
The 78 fatalities included passengers, cabin crew members and motorists impacted when Air Florida Flight 90 crashed into the 14th Street Bridge over the river
A regional jet carrying 64 people collided with an Army Black Hawk helicopter. Reagan National Airport grounded all flights."
24,2024-12-31,"Battery innovations steal many of the electric vehicle headlines. But BMW's fascinating quad-motor prototype is reported by InsideEVs to have turned the heads of the carmaker's executives during testing.
The M test car uses a motor to turn each wheel, a design that delivers power and torque with precision, per the report. BMW claimed online that the motors react spontaneously in milliseconds. It's a performance that's ""unattainable with conventional drive systems,"" the designers touted.
It's part of exciting EV innovations from car companies around the world, including vehicles that can charge within minutes. For BMW's part, the latest news is evidence of work to up performance in the motorsports line with a ""completely new all-electric drive technology,"" according to the promotions.
""I know this can work,"" BMW M Motorsport CEO Franciscus van Meel said in a company video clip.
BMW already has an EV lineup on the market, with vehicles that can produce up to 318 miles of range. The company is keeping the development of the quad-motor project a little tight to the vest, as noted by InsideEVs. They are teasing some of the process with a series of promotional videos.
The first clip included van Meel and mentioned ""redefined limits"" and ""secret testing facilities.""
Centralized control units that better manage how the EV operates are in the works, per the clip, which showed nests of wires and circuit boards being tinkered with by experts.
""For me, it's not about transformation, but about embracing new technologies and finding out how to push the limits of what is technically possible,"" van Meel said on the BMW website.
Multi-motor designs aren't unique. An EV being developed by China's GAC International eliminates the drivetrain and gearbox by putting an engine in each wheel, for example.
The innovations are important for a sector with mixed headlines in recent months. Cox Automotive reported that U.S. EV sales grew by 11% in the third quarter compared to the prior year. Sales reached record highs for volume and market share, hitting 346,309 vehicles. That's an increase of 5% from the second quarter.
At the same time, Ford announced earlier this year that it is cutting back EV production in favor of air-pollution-producing, dirty-energy-burning cars. Reuters reported that interest rates, hybrid preference, and economic concerns likely impacted the market. But the October report from Cox was more optimistic. And Ford is still marketing EVs, even paying for at-home charge setups with each purchase.
""While year-over-year growth has slowed, EV sales in the U.S. continue to march higher,"" Stephanie Valdez Streaty, director of Industry Insights at Cox Automotive, said in the research firm's summary.
EV adoption is an important way to reduce heat-trapping air pollution, a detriment to the planet and human health, according to government experts. The switch stateside is incentivized by up to $7,500 in tax breaks. Up to $1,500 in annual gas and maintenance cost savings add to the benefits.
At BMW, the quad-motor prototype left executives ""speechless"" during testing, as reported by InsideEVs. The report references a 2027-28 timeline for an electric M3 production model.
""We will deliver unprecedented performance, quality, and features with our vehicles that you can't even imagine today,"" overall vehicle development head Carsten Wolf said on the company's site.
Join our free newsletter for weekly updates on the latest innovations improving our lives and shaping our future, and don't miss this cool list of easy ways to help yourself while helping the planet.
In order to enable safe flight, airspace is split into categories ranging from very tightly controlled areas around airports to other zones – mostly rural – where rules are much more relaxed.
This news is a testament to the rise in popularity of electric vehicles.
The Federal Aviation Administration’s preliminary report on the D.C. plane crash goes against everything the president has said thus far.
Donald Trump doubled down on blaming DEI in the worst way possible.
The crash killed at least 28 people, with the rest aboard feared dead, after the plane collided with a U.S. Army helicopter
There’s no feeling like taking a high-performance, rear-wheel-drive car like a Corvette out for a nice jaunt on a twisting, winding road. We’d say it’s intoxicating and is one of the reasons why people buy sports cars and the like. But as this guy in the video learns, pushing the envelope too much can result in a sudden accident. Dad tries showing off in his C2 Corvette and pays a steep price. On what sure looks like Tail of the Dragon (correct us if it isn’t) we see this guy driving his Corvett
A 26-year-old woman who was aboard the PSA Airlines flight that collided with a military helicopter on Wednesday texted her husband minutes before their scheduled landing in Washington, D.C. Her husband, Hamaad Raza, revealed her text in an interview with CBS affiliate station WUSA 9. “We’re landing in 20,” her text read. Raza responded, but not all of his messages were delivered.
An aspiring air traffic controller who claimed he was denied a job because of diversity targets said the aviation agency’s obsession with inclusion made an accident likely to happen.
A BMW M8 faces Dodge Hellcat muscle cars at Las Vegas Motor Speedway’s dragstrip.
Elon Musk promised Tesla’s car sales would jump 20% this year at a minimum, but his own company doesn’t even seem to believe that.
A vehicle fire sent heavy smoke into the air and snarled traffic early Thursday along I-75, according to the North Port Police Department.
The world’s richest man apparently thought it was a good idea to bully the Federal Aviation Administration chief out of his job.
The 28-year-old pilot leaves behind a fiancé, his father said
Though electric vehicles are all the rage these days, they're not always the ideal choice for consumers. Not only do they require more planning and strategy -- given that you need to charge them...
A man whose wife was on the American Airlines plane that collided with an army helicopter is sharing the message he received from her before the crash. Hamaad Raza tells WUSA that his wife texted 20 minutes before her plane was due to land in Washington D.C. “She texted me that they were landing in 20 minutes.” says Raza.”The rest of my texts did not get delivered. That’s when I realized something might be up.”
Toyota's luxe legacy off-roader meets its younger and cooler reincarnated self.
A CNN commentator swiftly took down a post and apologized after suggesting that President Donald Trump was responsible for Wednesday’s aircraft collision in Washington D.C. In a post on X, network contributor Bakari Sellers reasoned that “timing matters” in bringing up politics following a disaster—and that he might have done so too soon, while local emergency personnel are still actively searching for survivors. The Federal Aviation Administration, American Airlines, and U.S. Army have all conf
Chesley Sullenberger tells ""Morning Joe"" about the ""common technique"" he thinks went awry during the fatal plane crash The post Captain Sully Offers His Take on American Airlines 5342, Helicopter Collision appeared first on TheWrap.
There was a mid-air collision between a commercial airliner and a Sikorsky H-60 Black Hawk helicopter Wednesday night over the Capital Region.  “The FAA and NTSB will investigate,” the statement added.  “The NTSB will lead the investigation.”
Rep. Andy Ogles (R-Tenn.) is questioning whether diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) played a role in the fatal plane crash at Reagan Washington National Airport outside of Washington, D.C. Ogles, in an interview with Fox Business’s Maria Bartiromo, was asked if there was any reason to suspect foul play in the accident. The Tennessee Republican, a…"
25,2024-12-31,Look at these stock market holidays in 2024 to find out whether financial markets will be open or closed.
26,2024-12-31,"As the US continues to navigate an AI trade war with China, some startling revelations have raised questions about the effectiveness of its semiconductor..."
27,2024-12-31,"It reported revenue of $25.3 billion and adjusted earnings of $2.75 per share, compared to the consensus estimates of $25.4 billion and...
President Donald Trump on Thursday blamed the Federal Aviation Administration's “diversity push” in part for the plane collision that...
Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries enforcement agents cited a subject for alleged deer hunting violations in Jackson Parish...
Will Ferrell and Reese Witherspoon are engaged in a battle of bridal parties in Prime Video's comedy. Read the Empire review.
Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a...
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Journavx (suzetrigine) oral tablets on Thursday as a first-in-class non-opioid...
The Weeknd's latest blockbuster concert tour will bring him to Ford Field on May 24, the second night of his just-announced After Hours...
She's settled into a delightful era of senioritis on Wheel of Fortune. America isn't ready to let go. By Luke Winkie. Jan 31, 2025 ...
An innovator, showman and talented broadcaster, Dick Button leaves behind an almost immeasurable legacy on the sport of figure skating...
Armed conflicts and attacks

Business and economy

International relations

Politics and elections

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

Health and environment

Politics and elections

Science and technology


"
28,2024-12-31,The S&P 500 had its second straight annual gain of more than 20%.
29,2024-12-31,
30,2024-12-31,"News of the day for Dec. 31, 2024"
31,2024-12-31,"Close-up of sign with logo at Charles Schwab financial adviser branch in Pleasanton, California, ... [+] March 26, 2018. (Photo by Smith Collection/Gado/Getty Images)
Charles Schwab (NYSE: SCHW) stock has been a mixed performer this year, rising by about 11% year-to-date, versus the S&P 500 which has gained over 25% over the same period. In comparison Morgan Stanley, which owns rival E-trade, remains up by roughly 35%. So what are some of the factors that have impacted Schwab stock over the past year and what lies ahead? Separately, see BP Stock Down 14% This Year, What’s Next?
Charles Schwab’s banking segment has proved a headwind of late. While the business benefited through the low-interest rate era, the Fed’s monetary tightening since 2022 made customers move their deposits in low-yielding sweep accounts toward higher-yielding assets. This trend, also known as cash sorting, has been the biggest issue for Schwab of late. Unlike traditional banks, which primarily lend these funds to retail and commercial customers via loans, Schwab invests much of its cash in long-term assets such as Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities. The rising interest rates effectively eroded the value of these assets, squeezing the company’s net interest margins and profitability.
However, the company’s asset management business has been faring well. Over Q3 2024, the most recently reported quarter, Charles Schwab’s revenues rose 5% year-over-year to $4.85 billion, led by its asset management business. The company saw its client assets rise to $9.92 trillion over the last quarter, led by higher market valuations as well as continued asset inflows. Moreover, Schwab’s acquisition of TD Ameritrade, which was closed in 2020, saw its integration largely wind up earlier this year and this has also benefited the asset management business. Overall asset management and administration fees, which are derived from managing mutual funds and ETFs, have surged by nearly 21%.
The increase in SCHW stock over the last 4-year period has been far from consistent, with annual returns being considerably more volatile than the S&P 500. Returns for the stock were 60% in 2021, 0% in 2022, and -16% in 2023. In contrast, the Trefis High Quality Portfolio, with a collection of 30 stocks, is considerably less volatile. And it has outperformed the S&P 500 each year over the same period. Why is that? As a group, HQ Portfolio stocks provided better returns with less risk versus the benchmark index; less of a roller-coaster ride as evident in HQ Portfolio performance metrics. So is SCHW stock a buy at current levels?
We remain neutral on SCHW stock. Our forecast indicates that Charles Schwab’s valuation is $78 per share, which is roughly 4% above the current market price of around $75. While the company’s asset management-related business could continue to benefit from higher investor engagement and strength in the stock market following the U.S. election, the Fed’s indications that fewer rate cuts may be on the cards for next year could be a net negative for the stock.
SCHW Return Compared with Trefis Reinforced Value Portfolio
Invest with Trefis Market Beating Portfolios
See all Trefis Price Estimates

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
32,2024-12-31,"The stock market boom in 2024 made the rich even richer, with US billionaires dominating Bloomberg's Billionaire Index.
According to the index as of December 30, just 11 American billionaires and one billionaire family gained nearly $1 trillion in wealth. The gains were fueled by a surge in technology stocks, with the Nasdaq 100 finishing the year up about 25%.
The biggest wealth gain came from Tesla CEO Elon Musk, who saw his wealth rise a staggering $213 billion as shares of the electric vehicle maker soared following Donald Trump's election win in November.
In fact, the wealth gained by Elon Musk this year alone is nearly equal to the net worth of the world's second-richest person, Jeff Bezos. 
All told, 11 individual billionaires and one family added $841 billion to their total wealth in 2024. 
Here are the big winners. 
2024 net worth gain: $19.0 billionTotal net worth: $160 billionSource of wealth: Microsoft
2024 net worth gain: $21.8 billionTotal net worth: $142 billionSource of wealth: Berkshire Hathaway
2024 net worth gain: $28.1 billionTotal net worth: $53.8 billionSource of wealth: Interactive Brokers
2024 net worth gain: $40.0 billionTotal net worth: $160 billionSource of wealth: Alphabet
2024 net worth gain: $43.7 billionTotal net worth: $170 billionSource of wealth: Alphabet
2024 net worth gain: $46.1 billionTotal net worth: $124 billionSource of wealth: Dell Technologies
2024 net worth gain: $63.7 billionTotal net worth: $241 billionSource of wealth: Amazon
2024 net worth gain: $70.3 billionTotal net worth: $193 billionSource of wealth: Oracle
2024 net worth gain: $76.1 billionTotal net worth: $120 billionSource of wealth: Nvidia
2024 net worth gain: $81.2 billionTotal net worth: $209 billionSource of wealth: Meta Platforms
2024 net worth gain: $138 billionTotal net worth: $388.5 billionSource of wealth: Walmart
2024 net worth gain: $213 billionTotal net worth: $442 billionSource of wealth: Tesla, SpaceX
Indices
Commodities
Currencies
Stocks"
33,2024-12-31,"Business Insider Edition 
Back in 2007, I could tell that the costs of a college education would be astronomical going forward. I earned every scholarship I could, didn't own a cellphone, rode the bus, and worked full or part-time jobs almost the whole time.

        It was rough. I escaped with $8,750 in student loan debt and considered myself lucky.
    

        Like many parents, we're trying to help our kids avoid debt and put them on a strong financial path. We're also trying to do this on a moderate income. As a family with five kids, money seems to disappear faster than treats hidden in the pantry. But we've made a lot of sacrifices so that our children can have a fair financial start.
    

        Our first home was a small house near two large universities. It was a great, cheap first house. Instead of selling it, we chose to keep it and rent it out. The rent pays the mortgage, and when our kids are old enough, they'll be able to use it if they attend one of the nearby universities.
    

        If they choose another school, the rent will help offset their housing costs wherever they choose to go. I also like the idea that it has the potential to insulate our kids from housing costs that never seem to go down.
    

        Remembering that the house is for them helps me deal with all the hard things that come our way, like repair or tenant issues. And keeping the house remains our greatest sacrifice. It would be so nice to sell the home and put the money toward a bigger, better home. 
    

        After each of my children was born, I opened a 529 account for them. I'll be forever grateful to the former Goldman Sachs executive who worked at our school after a career in finance. Her advice was always the same: it's not the timing of the market, it's the time in the market. 
    

        Opening a 529 account is easy once you know where to look. My home state of Utah had one of the top-rated 529 plans known for its low fees, high portfolio quality, and comprehensive management. If your state has a decent 529 plan, definitely look into it.
    

        I set up automatic deposits to these accounts each month. It's not a lot — somewhere between $35 and $50 each month for each kid — but it builds up better and faster than you think it will. My 10-year-old's account has earned more interest than I've contributed at this point. They all have more money to go to college than I did, even the 2-year-old.
    

        Have you ever told a kid, ""We have $25 to spend on your birthday gift — can you find something under that amount?""
    

        They will figure it out. They're up for the challenge.
    

        I stick to my guns — I don't offer to make up the $5 difference for a $30 toy, which I think is cool. It doesn't sound like a big deal to just chip in $5, but a little disciplined spending will go a long way in their lives.
    

        Kids learn more by seeing what you do than by what you say. We keep our own spending habits (and attitudes) in check.
    

        I often buy household goods secondhand. You can save at least 90% off the sticker price, and there's always someone you know giving away baby gear or kid clothes.
    

        Christmas stuff and home decor are the same. Why pay $12.99 for a Christmas wreath from Walmart when you can get it at a yard sale for $1?
    

        I'm also careful not to go too far. We all know someone who got themselves into major debt once they reached adulthood because their childhood may have been a little too strict.
    

        Living in a rural area has some financial advantages, which benefit both us and our kids. Housing, child care, extracurricular activities, and some services can be less expensive.
    

        Some programs are also available to everyone in the county. One example is a school lunch grant for the entire school district. Every kid gets a school lunch for free. This helps me save money on our current expenses.
    

        We also live near a community college where my kids will be able to earn college credit. The credit is nearly free because of a local scholarship program. This will go a long way toward keeping them out of debt.
    

        Our kids are still too young to be on this path, but I'm totally supportive if they want to become HVAC contractors, deep-sea welders, machinists, or any other kind of trade. 
    

        I see a lot of value in learning skills outside a university. Even if these trade programs are expensive and require years as an apprentice, they're usually worth it. It's smart to earn significant money in a trade in a short amount of time.
    

        I'm hoping that our sacrifices will help our children stay out of debt and build wealth. It's important to me to help where we can without sacrificing our own financial future.
    

        What's even more important than the things we're doing is the attitudes we help cultivate in our children toward money. I hope we can give them healthy (and correct) attitudes toward money so they want to build wealth for themselves.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
34,2024-12-31,"Air travel passenger numbers are expected to soar to a new record high in 2025, according to projections from the International Air Transport Association..."
35,2024-12-31,"Rebecca Liao, CEO of Saga, talked to us about the boundaries of provocative games on the Saga blockchain."
36,2024-12-31,"Big Tech stocks could have another big year in 2025.
Nvidia (NVDA), Amazon (AMZN), Alphabet (GOOGL), and Apple (AAPL) could continue to be some of the biggest winners of the artificial intelligence-driven stock boom, David Dietze, senior portfolio strategist at Peapack Private Wealth Management, said in the latest episode of Quartz AI Factor, a video series set at the Nasdaq MarketSite.
Shares of AI chipmaker Nvidia — “the granddaddy of them all,” as Dietze puts it — soared more than 170% this year, giving it a roughly $3.3 trillion market capitalization as it rides tremendous revenue growth and overwhelming demand for its AI chips. Shares of e-commerce giant Amazon, which is also getting in on the chip game, surged more than 50%. Google parent Alphabet stock rose 40%, and Apple climbed more than 35%.
The Magnificent 7 — Apple, Microsoft (MSFT), Nvidia, Alphabet, Amazon, Meta (META), and Tesla (TSLA) — have accounted for about a third of the S&P 500 index’s gains this year, largely powered by excitement around new AI technologies. But Goldman Sachs (GS) has warned that this “unusual degree of market concentration” could pose a major risk next year.
Stocks that have benefited from the AI boom have largely done so independent of interest rates. But that doesn’t mean they aren’t in for a correction as the market settles from the post-presidential election rally. Dietze said that could happen in the not-so-distant future.
“They’re riding a secular tailwind of extreme innovation that could plow right through that,” Dietze said. “Nevertheless, no sector operates in a silo or a vacuum. If everything else around them is struggling, they’re gonna struggle a little bit, too.”
Dietze said one major theme for 2025 will be: show me the money. While major companies such as Amazon, Microsoft, and Alphabet have poured billions into AI partnerships and their own initiatives, investors are likely going to start looking for proof of returns next year, Dietze said.
“Wall Street’s the type of place where it’s like, ‘Show me the money, like, yesterday,” he said. “These investments and capital expenditures are great, but when does the cash flow start coming in? And right now many AI companies have gotten a pass on that, but I think increasingly Wall Street’s going to say, ‘No, we’ve seen the capital expenditures, you’ve got the AI label, but now we want to see the cash flows coming in from that.’”
 “And that’s what we’re gonna be watching so carefully next year,” Dietze said.
Watch the latest episode of Quartz AI Factor above.
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
37,2024-12-31,"It’s not something we always think about, but the reality is that many of the affordable electronic components we enjoy today are only available to us because they’re surplus parts intended for commercial applications. The only reason you can pick up something like a temperature sensor for literal pennies is because somebody decided to produce millions of them for inclusion in various consumer doodads, and you just happened to luck out.
The vPlayer, from [Kevin Darrah] is a perfect example. Combining a 1.69 inch touch screen intended for smartwatches with the ESP32-S3, the vPlayer is a programmable network-connected display that can show…well, pretty much anything you want, within reason. As demonstrated in the video below, applications range from showing your computer’s system stats to pulling in live images and videos from the Internet.

With an ESP32 at its heart, you can obviously program the vPlayer to do your bidding just like any other development board based on the chip. But to speed things along, [Kevin] is providing demo code to accomplish several common enough tasks that there’s a good chance he’s already got your use case covered.
Out of the box it will play videos stored on the SD card, though you’ll first have to run them through ffmpeg to get the format right. There’s also code written to have the vPlayer act as a weather display, or pull down data and images from public APIs.
The vPlayer is intended to be powered via the USB-C connection, but the VUSB and 3.3 V pins from the ESP32 are broken out on the back should you want to inject power that way. Just be warned, the documentation notes that doing so while plugged into USB may release the Magic Smoke. [Kevin] has also provided a 3D model of the vPlayer and its stock case, should you want to design your own 3D printed enclosure.
Admittedly, there’s nothing exactly groundbreaking about the vPlayer. You could easily roll your own version with existing modules. But as enjoyable as it can be to come up with your own solutions, there’s something to be said for this sort of polished, turn-key experience.

Thanks to [LegoManACM] for the tip.
DOOM wristwatch?
Hah, you own desktop / dashboard video wall… Get those to show fake stock market updates and you da man.
Why fake? It’s easy enough to show the real thing. Might as well cycle more useful information though, like weather forecasts, maybe traffic and news tickers.
That rounded display would look great in a small old-style CRT TV looking enclosure.
I was thinking it would be a nice part of a retro control console or dashboard.
https://tinycircuits.com/
Doll house/ miniature people will lose their minds and for a TV.
Some sources of the same (but older) project:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TOVohmUqOE
https://www.instructables.com/Mini-Retro-TV/
I’m sorry, I’m more interested in the gold coin.
That coin is blue, your monitor must need adjusting…
Looks “gold-ish” to me as well.  Unexpected revival of the viral blue vs gold dress image debate from a few years ago?
;)
LOL!
It’s a Morgan Silver Dollar, it’s not gold or blue
Silver, not gold (it’s a Morgan dollar): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morgan_dollar
This reminded me that I’ve been wishing for a proper open source smart watch.
I know of Pine Time but IIRC that released quite awhile ago now with no upgrades since and from what I’ve seen the firmware appeared quite far behind.
I’d love to see something that can really compete with at least the smaller but popular brands and their cheaper devices.
Put the screen in a jeweller’s Loupe, and hook up a microscope.  Look at objects without bringing them up to your face.
Or just hide a Pr0n video player in a telescope.
The stars sure are lovely tonight :)
Please be kind and respectful to help make the comments section excellent. (Comment Policy)
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

						By using our website and services, you expressly agree to the placement of our performance, functionality and advertising cookies. Learn more"
38,2024-12-31,"When it comes to boosting your system’s performance, upgrading to one of the fastest SSDs is a no-brainer. Whether you’re building a gaming PC, speeding up an older laptop or simply craving lightning-fast load times, an SSD is the way to go. Unlike traditiona…"
39,2024-12-31,"Don’t expect to use it anytime soon, however.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The race to build the best mixed-reality headsets is heating up, and we’re starting to see just as many cryptic, unreleased prototypes as widely-available products. The market will gain one more prototype in 2025, as Vivo announced plans to reveal a mixed-reality headset late next year at an event Dec. 31, 2024. Vivo has lofty goals for the headset, and wants to dethrone Apple Vision Pro in a few areas, according to information relayed by Digital Chat Station (via GSMArena).
Aside from a generic teaser image, Vivo didn’t share any details about its future headset. An unveiling is slated for next fall, sometime in September and October. At this stage, Vivo’s mixed-reality headset will almost certainly be a prototype. In fact, Vivo says that it expects to offer “high-fidelity prototype experiences"" with its headset in select Chinese cities by the end of 2025.
Of course, aside from a confident pledge that Vivo’s mixed-reality headset will top Apple Vision Pro, Vivo doesn’t have anything to share about how it will achieve that goal. Vision Pro, while considered a commercial failure by Apple’s usual standards, is still lauded for its impressive hardware and feature set. That’s likely why Vivo is targeting Vision Pro, especially in its home country of China.
It is worth noting that Vision Pro, released in February 2024, will be well over a year old when Vivo supposedly plans to best it with its own mixed-reality headset at the tail end of 2025.

Although the company gave us a general idea of when a prototype Vivo headset will be revealed, there’s no word yet on pricing or general availability. It isn’t the only company to tease a mixed-reality product you can’t buy yet — and likely won’t be able to for a long time. Meta teased Orion earlier this year, a pair of MR glasses too expensive to mass produce. More recently, Samsung showed off Project Moohan, which will be the first Android XR headset to debut next year.
Being that so little is known about the Vivo headset, it’s probably best to approach it with a bit of skepticism. Pricing and availability have been huge barriers to mixed-reality tech to date. Meta’s Quest headsets are affordable but not necessarily top-tier, while Apple Vision Pro has great hardware and costs a fortune. It’s unclear where Vivo will fall, or if it’ll be somewhere in the middle.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
Brady is a tech journalist for Android Central, with a focus on news, phones, tablets, audio, wearables, and software. He has spent the last three years reporting and commenting on all things related to consumer technology for various publications. Brady graduated from St. John's University with a bachelor's degree in journalism. His work has been published in XDA, Android Police, Tech Advisor, iMore, Screen Rant, and Android Headlines. When he isn't experimenting with the latest tech, you can find Brady running or watching Big East basketball.
Dungeons & Dragons VR is finally official, and it sounds incredible
Samsung Project Moohan vs. Meta Quest 3: Battle for the future of XR
Samsung launches its 'Magnetic Wallet' for the Galaxy S25's new Qi2 world

Androidcentral is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
40,2024-12-31,"The mystery around the OnePlus 13R's design is no more.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Ahead of the OnePlus 13R's official launch, set for Jan. 7, 2025, a massive leak revealed renders showing every angle of the upcoming midranger. The images were shared by Arsène Lupin on X (formerly Twitter) and show off what appear to be the only two OnePlus 13R colorways (via GSMArena). While the official names of each color option aren't known, they look like versions of silver and space gray.
OnePlus has been teasing the OnePlus 13R for a few weeks now, and revealed some information about the device. However, we don't know as much about the OnePlus 13R as the OnePlus 13, which is already available in China. Instead, the OnePlus 13R is likely to be a global rendition of the OnePlus Ace 5. With that being said, some already-known differences — like the smaller battery capacity — prove that the OnePlus 13R isn't a perfect rebrand of the Ace 5.
13R pic.twitter.com/Svo524o8atDecember 30, 2024
Previously, OnePlus only shared a cryptic, zoomed image of the OnePlus 13R's camera bump and rear chassis. This is the first time we've seen a complete look of the OnePlus 13R, if these leaked renders are indeed accurate. It represents a significant design change for OnePlus' midrange phone. The OnePlus 12R had a slim, curved design language that has been ditched for a boxy and rectangular look.
The display and back panel both appear to be flat, marking a long-overdue shift from OnePlus' curved screens. The entire smartphone market is moving in this direction, with Samsung, Google, and Apple, all releasing phones with a rectangular chassis.
pic.twitter.com/BYWFhUc1gSDecember 30, 2024
Otherwise, the OnePlus 13R looks like it'll keep a few OnePlus staples — as expected. For starters, there's the circular camera bump and the etched OnePlus logo on the back. You also get the OnePlus alert slider and a physical SIM card tray.
Beyond these leaks, OnePlus has already confirmed that the OnePlus 13R will feature a thin form factor and a 6,000mAh battery capacity. Additionally, an early Amazon listing revealed it'll be powered by the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chipset. To learn more about the OnePlus 13R, you'll need to tune into the Jan. 7, 2025 launch event.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
Brady is a tech journalist for Android Central, with a focus on news, phones, tablets, audio, wearables, and software. He has spent the last three years reporting and commenting on all things related to consumer technology for various publications. Brady graduated from St. John's University with a bachelor's degree in journalism. His work has been published in XDA, Android Police, Tech Advisor, iMore, Screen Rant, and Android Headlines. When he isn't experimenting with the latest tech, you can find Brady running or watching Big East basketball.
Three reasons to preorder the Galaxy S25 Ultra through Samsung — and one reason why you shouldn't
Samsung takes back its claims of a Bluetooth S Pen for the Galaxy S25 Ultra
The Pixel Buds Pro 2 finally get their first update, four months later

Androidcentral is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
41,2024-12-31,"FARMINGDALE, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 15: A general view of a BP gas station on September 15, 2022 in ... [+] Farmingdale, New York, United States. (Photo by Bruce Bennett/Getty Images)
Despite a 14% decline in its stock price this year, bringing it to approximately $29 per share, we believe BP plc stock (NYSE: BP) has the potential for long-term growth. Although the ongoing geopolitical conflict poses risks that may impact oil and gas prices, the U.S. Energy Information Administration anticipates price stabilization in the coming years. The European integrated energy major’s third-quarter performance reflected the decline in oil prices, which fell 17% amid concerns over global demand. However, the company’s strategic initiatives, including share buybacks and expansion of its low-carbon energy business, are designed to generate cash and mitigate the impact of declining benchmark oil prices. Also, see What’s Happening With EOG’s Stock?
BP’s third-quarter performance marked the company’s weakest quarterly results since Q4 2020 - when the pandemic significantly impacted industry profitability. BP’s underlying replacement cost profit (used as a proxy for net profit) was $2.3 billion in Q3 2024, surpassing analyst forecasts of $2.1 billion. This result represents a decline from the $2.8 billion net profit recorded in the second quarter of this year and the $3.3 billion net profit reported in Q3 2023. Its Q3 revenue declined 11% year-over-year (y-o-y) to $47 billion, mainly due to lower product and crude prices, and its adjusted EPADS (Earnings per American Depository Share) fell 28% y-o-y to 83 cents. The company’s net debt increased to $24.3 billion compared to $22.6 billion in the second quarter of 2024, primarily driven by lower operating cash flow, higher capital expenditures, and lower divestment and other proceeds. That said, if you want upside with a smoother ride than an individual stock, consider the High Quality portfolio, which has outperformed the S&P, and clocked >91% returns since inception.
BP disclosed plans to implement an additional $3.5 billion share buyback program for the second half of 2024 (a $1.75 billion share buyback was already completed for Q3’24), supplementing its initial $3.5 billion commitment for the first half of the fiscal year. This incremental program represents approximately 3.5% of the company’s current market capitalization, potentially providing support to the stock price. The company has also reaffirmed its intention to repurchase shares worth at least $14 billion by 2025, potentially yielding further benefits for shareholders. Also see, Why Charles Schwab Stock Underperformed In 2024.
For the full year 2024, BP expects both reported and underlying upstream production to be slightly higher compared with 2023. Within this, BP expects underlying production from oil production & operations to be higher and production from gas & low-carbon energy to be lower. It also expects capital expenditure, including inorganic capital expenditure, to be around $16 billion in 2024. BP expects divestment and other proceeds of over $3 billion in 2024. BP also continues to expect to reach $25 billion of divestment and other proceeds between the second half of 2020 and 2025.
We forecast BP revenues to be $200 billion for the fiscal year 2024, down 6% y-o-y. Given our revenues and EPS forecast changes, we have revised BP Valuation to $37 per share, based on a $3.67 expected EPS and a 10.1x P/E multiple for the fiscal year 2024. That said, the company’s stock appears cheap at the current levels, with our valuation at a 28% premium from the current market price (Dec 30).
BP is one of a handful of stocks that have increased their value in each of the last 3 years, but that still wasn’t enough for it to consistently beat the market. Returns for the stock were 36% in 2021, 39% in 2022, and 6% in 2023. In contrast, the Trefis High Quality Portfolio, with a collection of 30 stocks, is less volatile. And it has outperformed the S&P 500 each year over the same period. Why is that? As a group, HQ Portfolio stocks provided better returns with less risk versus the benchmark index; less of a roller-coaster ride as evident in HQ Portfolio performance metrics.
Beyond oil and gas production, BP also invests heavily in charging stations, biofuels, hydrogen fuels, and fueling stations. As of 2023, more than 30% of its total spending was allocated to these businesses, up from 3% in 2019. Initially, the company demonstrated leadership in the energy sector by pledging to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050 or earlier. However, in a revised commitment, the organization has now set a target to reduce its overall emissions by 35% to 40% by the end of the current decade. This adjustment reflects a recalibration of the company’s climate strategy, acknowledging the necessity to continue investing in oil and gas operations to meet ongoing demand.
It is helpful to see how its peers stack up. Check out how BP’s Peers fare on metrics that matter. You will find other valuable comparisons for companies across industries at Peer Comparisons.
BP Return Compared with Trefis Reinforced Value Portfolio
Invest with Trefis Market Beating Portfolios
See all Trefis Price Estimates

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
42,2024-12-31,
43,2024-12-31,"Business Insider Edition 
""I wish I saved more for retirement."" ""I regret taking Social Security too early."" ""I should have had better health insurance."" ""I would tell my younger self to take that vacation.""

        These are among the common regrets described by the more than 3,800 older Americans who since mid-September have responded to Business Insider's informal, nonrepresentative surveys and emailed reporters. Reporters wrote 17 stories, including four in-depth profiles, and created a video detailing six Americans' regrets.
    

America's Retirement Regrets


        By mid-October, more than 1,000 people had completed the initial survey; that figure grew to more than 1,700 by the end of November. Now the survey has over 2,500 responses. By December, reporters had received roughly 1,000 emails in response to the coverage. We also used more than 300 responses from a survey that askedpeople over 50 about their regrets as they struggled to find work and interviewed more than 100 older Americans as well as financial planners and retirement researchers.
    

Article creditsReporters: Noah Sheidlower, Allie KellyEditors: Bartie Scott, Emily Canal, Andy Kiersz, Jamie HellerCopy Editors: Jonann Brady, Emma LeGault, Nick Siwek, Kevin KaplanDesign and Art: Jenny Chang-Rodriguez, Rebecca Zisser, Isabel Fernandez-Pujol, Derek French, Natalie Ammari, Bryan EricksonPhotographers: Laura McDermott, Rita Harper, Saul MartinezVideo creditsProducers: Sarah Andersen, Barbara Corbellini DuarteReporters: Noah Sheidlower, Allie KellyVideographers: Brian Hansen, Clancy Morgan, Austin Meyer, Gregory NeiserVideo Editors: Mark Adam Miller, Karim IslamMotion Designer: Dorian BarrancoCopy Editors: Mark Abadi, Marisa FreyDeputy Executive Producer: Havovi CooperExecutive Producer: Barbara Corbellini DuarteHead of Video: Erica Berenstein

 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
44,2024-12-31,"
          POPULAR SEARCHES
        

          BROWSE BY
        
The holidays were wild for everyone, including — perhaps most of all — the folks in the NFL.
There were blowouts. There was fuel for the kaleidoscopic MVP picture. There was playoff drama and there was No. 1 overall pick drama. There was something good for everyone.
Except the Cleveland Browns. There was, as usual, nothing for good them. I'm so very sorry. Maybe you guys can enjoy the ride for a guy like Sam Darnold, who was — for a time — the quarterbacking version of the Browns. If he can turn things around, so can Cleveland.
A small note: the injuries to Tua Tagovailoa and Jalen Hurts — combined with poor performances from the QBs in the low teens — created an elevation that might strike people as strange. Let's chalk that up to a lopsided week of football.
Happy New Year from the QB Stock Market, where we weigh the most recent performances with 30% importance, while applying 70% to the rest of 2024. One question holds importance above all others: What have you done for your team lately?
Previous weeks: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 
1. Joe Burrow, Cincinnati Bengals (⬆️ 3)
Can we talk about the guy who's actually most valuable?
I'm not talking about the MVP award, which will of course go to Josh Allen or Lamar Jackson. That award is about narratives, wins and stats — in that order. 
I'm talking about the player most responsible for his team's success.
Right now, that's Burrow.
Burrow is playing quarterback better than anyone else in the NFL, in large part because he has no choice. He might not have as many wins as the other guys atop this list. But he's contributed more toward Cincinnati's pursuit of victories than any of the other guys atop this list for their respective teams.
Burrow hasn't had his back against the wall all year — he's been up against the wood chipper. I blame Zac Taylor (and Bengals ownership) for yet another poor start in Cincy. And now, the Bengals are only playoff-relevant because of Burrow's 4,641 passing yards (1st in NFL) and 42 touchdowns (1st). But because they're only barely playoff relevant, he'll never win the MVP.
We've seen Burrow elevate to a new level, particularly in the second half of this season — and that's because his team has forced him to be truly transcendent. Maybe he won't make the playoffs. Maybe he won't finish with a .500 record this year. 
But let's give Burrow credit. He was the best QB in the NFL this week. And this season, he's been more valuable to his team than either Jackson or Allen.
2. Lamar Jackson, Baltimore Ravens (⬇️ 1)3. Josh Allen, Buffalo Bills (⬇️ 1)4. Jared Goff, Detroit Lions (⬇️ 1)5. Sam Darnold, Minnesota Vikings (↔)
You spend your whole life trying to teach your kid to do the right thing.
And if you're lucky, your kid will find themselves a Kevin O'Connell, who can take apparently anyone (yes, including Darnold) and help them find the correct path through difficult situations.
It's been like that all year. 
And it has only gotten better. Darnold is peaking at the right time. This is by far the best he has played in his seven NFL seasons.
Look at that final drive when the Vikings needed to protect their two-point lead by moving the chains. O'Connell trusted his quarterback to throw the football. They closed out the game by throwing the ball in running situations. In the four plays that mattered on that final drive, they threw the ball three times and ran just once. They did that because Darnold is the real deal. He was 3 of 3 for 28 yards and two first downs.
He's been the best kind of a game manager. (And I mean that in a genuinely kind way.)
""I felt comfortable with Sam in those moments, and I loved how some of those [passes] married up with some of the runs we'd either done late in games throughout the year or even tonight in the game,"" O'Connell said postgame.
Darnold has made the Vikings' QB situation awfully complicated for the offseason. 
Will they pay up to re-sign him or move on to rookie J.J. McCarthy in 2025? 
If Darnold plays this well in the playoffs, it actually won't be complicated at all. He'll be the obvious choice.
6. Patrick Mahomes, Kansas City Chiefs (⬆️ 1)
Stop me if you've heard this before, but the Chiefs seem to have just about everything clicking into place in time for the playoffs.
Mahomes is dealing with an ankle injury, but he's going to get two weekends off with Carson Wentz starting in Week 18 and the Chiefs locking up a first-round bye in the postseason. And naturally, Mahomes has already made a Super Bowl run with an ankle injury. It didn't stop him then. That's not going to stop him now.
But more importantly, the Chiefs have a diversified group of pass-catchers. You can see, finally, why Kansas City was so high on Marquise Brown, who might not have been prolific in his debut but showed an established rapport with Mahomes that goes back to training camp. DeAndre Hopkins is steady and comfortable in the offense. Xavier Worthy is beginning to click in the offense in the same way that Rashee Rice did at this time last year, according to offensive coordinator Matt Nagy. And then Travis Kelce can flip the switch in the postseason, even when he's lagging in the regular season. Come January, he'll be back to being the Chiefs' top weapon.
In the meantime, Mahomes completed 76% of his passes for 320 yards and three touchdowns against the Steelers, who I'd previously considered the NFL's best defense.
On the offensive line, it's still a bit murky on Mahomes' blindside, but they seem to be on the verge of putting D.J. Humphries at left tackle and upgrading the position that has been more unsatisfactory than any other since Daniel Sorensen's ignominious time as a starting safety.
It's good to be Mahomes right now. Everything is lining up for a three-peat.
7. Justin Herbert, Los Angeles Chargers (⬇️ 1)8. Jayden Daniels, Washington Commanders (⬆️ 1)9. Baker Mayfield, Tampa Bay Buccaneers (⬆️ 3)
There's a 19% chance that the Buccaneers and Mayfield miss the playoffs.
That would be a shame.
I blinked during their game against the Panthers — and Mayfield had five touchdowns.
The Bucs QB has four games with four or more passing touchdowns and, with 39 on the season, there's an outside chance he could lead the NFL this year. (Joe Burrow sits at No. 1 with 42.) Mayfield has had a rare blend of injuries to key playmakers, not unlike Brock Purdy. And he's had to combat a bad defense, worse than the Ravens defense that Jackson gets credit for overcoming. All the while, Mayfield has steadied the ship with consistent — and often superb — play on offense. He deserves more praise than he's getting for what he's done this year. 
The Buccaneers could be the 49ers. 
Instead, Tampa still has an outside shot at a Super Bowl, because of Mayfield.
10. Jordan Love, Green Bay Packers (⬇️ 2)11. Matthew Stafford, Los Angeles Rams (⬇️ 1)12. Geno Smith, Seattle Seahawks (⬆️ 3)13. Bo Nix, Denver Broncos (⬆️ 3)
Three things are true about Bo Nix's performance.
1) Nix had a tremendous fourth-quarter, fourth-down, final-moment touchdown to send the game to overtime. It's exactly the type of throw you want to see from a QB with not just the game but the playoffs on the line. And it was an even better catch.
2) Sean Payton didn't set up his QB to succeed in overtime.3) Nix wasn't good in overtime.
It's not good enough in the NFL to get your team into overtime. And even when the coach is content to settle for a tie — perhaps at risk of ending up with a loss — you have to do better than what Nix did. He only threw four passes, and two of them were checkdowns. The other two? They were third-down incompletions where Nix missed open receivers. The first was an overthrow to Troy Franklin for what would've been about 25 yards. And then the other was an off-target pass to Adam Trautman for what would've converted a third-and-7.
""I've got to hit those. That's what NFL quarterbacks do,"" Nix said. ""I feel like I kind of let [my team] down.""
I can't spot the lie.
It's a learning experience for Nix, a rookie. But he better learn it fast, because next week, he needs a win against the Kansas City Chiefs — or else the Broncos could miss the postseason.
14. Bryce Young, Carolina Panthers (⬆️ 3)15. Brock Purdy, San Francisco 49ers (⬆️ 5)16. Russell Wilson, Pittsburgh Steelers (⬇️ 2)17. Michael Penix, Atlanta Falcons (⬆️ 7)18. Kyler Murray, Arizona Cardinals (⬆️ 2)19. C.J. Stroud, Houston Texans (⬇️ 1)
I can't recall another game where Stroud missed as many open receivers as he did on Christmas Day against the Ravens.
""Terrible on my behalf. Probably one of the worst games of my whole career,"" Stroud said afterward. ""Didn't lead the offense the way I should've. Always have to look myself in the mirror and be honest with myself.""
He was inaccurate when his guys were open. (On the team's second drive, he threw three consecutive incompletions on makeable throws. All three passes had a completion probability of 63% or better, per Next Gen Stats.) He looked hesitant to throw into tight windows. And then there were moments when he threw incompletions into tight windows when an open checkdown was waiting for him.
In short, something is wrong with Stroud.
It's been like this for weeks, but this is the worst we've seen it. And it's not like the Ravens defense, maligned all year, is the reason. No, there are a handful of problems at play, from Stroud's accuracy to his decision-making to OC Bobby Slowik's system.
Stroud has turned from truck to trailer — and a cumbersome one. He was asked what the difference has been from last year to this year.
""I've tried to approach it the same way I did,"" Stroud said. ""I'm seeing it better than I ever have. Just a little banged up, so I'm not making plays. That's a terrible excuse but really just not making plays. It can be fixed.""
How?
No one — not even Stroud — has an answer.
20. Joe Flacco, Indianapolis Colts (new)21. Drake Maye, New England Patriots (⬆️ 1)
There's been a lot of conversation about a lost season for Caleb Williams, who has struggled to develop in a situation where growth seems impossible. 
But maybe that's exactly what Maye has done. 
He sat out to start the season, but since he's taken over in Week 6, everything has gotten better. You wouldn't know it because the team is so bad — as most recently demonstrated by their 40-7 loss to the Los Angeles Chargers. 
Maye has sped up the offense with 2.74 seconds on time to throw when compared to Jacoby Brissett's 2.87, per Next Gen Stats. His sack percentage (7.9%) is lower than Brissett's (9.6%) and you could argue the line has gotten worse as the season wore on. Maye's completion percentage is 66.8%, which is 2.2% over expected — Brissett's is 59.8% with a CPOE of -.8%. Maye has a negative EPA per dropback at -.07, but it's better than Brissett's -.24.
Maye's film shows a guy whose counting stats (15 TDs; 10 INTs) are nonsense. His offense is defined by missed opportunities and his teammates' failed execution. He's not perfect by any stretch. But Maye has justified the No. 3 selection — he has special talent.
If this team blows up its leadership team and brings in a new group, I could see Maye being the only returning starter in 2025. 
22. Kenny Pickett, Philadelphia Eagles (new)23. Tyler Huntley, Miami Dolphins (new)24. Drew Lock, New York Giants (⬆️ 8)25. Caleb Williams, Chicago Bears (⬇️ 2)26. Mac Jones, Jacksonville Jaguars (⬆️ 3)27. Aidan O'Connell, Las Vegas Raiders (↔)28. Spencer Rattler, New Orleans Saints (⬆️ 2)29. Aaron Rodgers, New York Jets (⬇️ 3)30. Cooper Rush, Dallas Cowboys (⬇️ 5)31. Mason Rudolph, Tennessee Titans (⬇️ 3)32. Dorian Thompson-Robinson, Cleveland Browns (⬇️ 1)
Prior to joining FOX Sports as an NFL reporter and columnist, Henry McKenna spent seven years covering the Patriots for USA TODAY Sports Media Group and Boston Globe Media. Follow him on Twitter at @henrycmckenna.
[Want great stories delivered right to your inbox? Create or log in to your FOX Sports account, follow leagues, teams and players to receive a personalized newsletter daily.]"
45,2024-12-31,"Business Insider Edition 
2024 was a great year for Reddit.

        The company went public in March with a $6.4 billion valuation and reported its first quarterly profit in October. Shares have soared 230% since its IPO.
    

        And as BI's Emily Stewart recently wrote, Reddit has become more mainstream than ever. Its daily active users jumped 47% in the most recent quarter compared to a year earlier, thanks in part to an unprecedented number of people tacking ""Reddit"" onto their search terms — a demand the company will try to meet with ""Reddit Answers,"" its new AI-powered search tool.
    

        To find out what this year has looked like on the inside, BI asked 11 Reddit employees — or ""Snoos,"" as Reddit calls its 2,000 employees — to share their favorite highlights behind the scenes of the ""front page of the internet.""
    

        They described some career-defining moments and talked about managing through rapid change and a new level of pressure. Here's what they said.
    

        ""You can pretend that this all makes sense, and it's all business as usual for a little bit. But there are moments where I kind of zone out and realize the scale and how cool a moment I'm in. I guess the word to describe it is 'awe.'"" — Serkan Piantino, 41, VP of product, New York City. Joined Reddit in 2022.


        ""There are always going to be individuals that say, 'Reddit is not what it used to be.' Of course, it's not going to be what it used to be. It's going to be what we make it in the future."" — David Trencher, 43, senior managing director, large customer sales, EMEA & Australia, London. Joined the company in 2019.


        ""2024 has been maybe the highlight of my career at Reddit. We are so focused on starting with community. I think in '24 we've embraced that value more than ever,"" — Laura Nestler, VP of community, Seattle. Joined Reddit in 2021.


        ""Getting Snoo (the company's mascot) to ring the bell (rather than our CEO) was just so Reddit-y. It was a culmination of so many years of hard work to get here, and to see it all come to fruition in a very Reddit way was awesome."" — Paulita David, Senior Managing Director, large customer sales in North America. Joined Reddit in 2021.


        ""We broadcast live globally, and I got to emcee the entire thing on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. We all got to see and feel what was happening."" — Michelle Lozzi, 40, senior director of experience, San Francisco. Joined Reddit in 2017.


        ""It was so nice having our new Snoo mascot up there ringing the bell, symbolizing our employees and the community. There is a human in there. We cannot reveal who it is, but the only clue I can share is you have to be 5'10"" to wear the suit."" — Monica Benson, 38, head of brand operations and creative production, Los Angeles. Joined Reddit in 2020.


        ""The biggest change for us has been just the sheer volume of advertisers wanting to advertise on Reddit. It impacts my job pretty dramatically. With this increased demand, we're really embracing more automation."" — David


        ""We run a lot of experiments, so failure is a day-to-day thing. Many of our experiments just don't pan out, and a lot of my job is to refine the idea and keep going or decide to work on something else. We're not a huge company. We still have limited resources, so we have to prioritize."" — Piantino


        ""There's a balance of excitement and pressure that keeps me grounded. The fact that we have a real share price that we can use to measure our size adds somewhat to the pressure, but ultimately the excitement and enthusiasm outweigh it. Something we try to instill in our culture is to not get too high with the highs, and too low with the lows."" — Jesse Rose, 38, head of investor relations, Massachusetts, Joined Reddit in 2021.


        ""I know what volatility looks like, and I know how much that can be a distraction for the team. I liked being a calming force and reminding people that, some days, they're going to say great things about you. Some days they're going to say bad things about you, but you are never as good or as bad as they say you are."" — Piantino


        ""That (two-year pre-IPO period) helped us prepare our teams, which helped alleviate some stress. We were going into it knowing what we needed to do."" — Trencher


        ""Some of our communities are growing really fast, and that can be a challenge. There are a bunch of tools that moderators can now use to handle moments of accelerated growth."" — Nicole Heard, 36, UK country lead, London. Joined Reddit in 2022.


        ""When I came back from maternity leave, I wanted to know how the company culture had changed. It felt warm to come back to that authentic, community-building company, but the stakes are higher."" — Benson


        ""People in our UK office genuinely like spending time with each other. Our office had some of the highest real-life visits this year — probably three days a week. The people and culture is what makes it an amazing place to work."" — Sam Hughes, 33, senior client partner, London, Joined Reddit in 2021.


        ""When I joined in 2021, we had this really small kind of Harry Potter cupboard at a WeWork that sat three to five people. Then we got a bigger space with a whole floor, and now, earlier this year, we got an amazing new building."" — Hughes
    

        ""We just hosted Mod World in our San Francisco office, which was where we brought in 60 of our moderators and made them feel like they're also a part of this. Because it's not just us building the product, it's them maintaining, operating and, breathing life into it."" — Lozzi


        ""My team has grown from three to eight this year. What I'm looking for is people who understand the human interactions that happen on Reddit, and understand exactly what Reddit stands for in the social media landscape."" — Alia Chikhdene, 30, head of community, international, Paris. At Reddit since 2021.


        ""I was able to travel to countries all over and meet moderators in local markets. I recently got back from a trip to Manila to see the people in our community called Coffee Philippines. Seeing local communities start to thrive and build local ecosystems is really magical."" — Nestler


        ""Our mods are now able to access community funds, where they can apply for funding to do something great with their community and create an impact. The mods of r/Eurovision got funding to go to this year's competition in Sweden to meet the artists and take AMA questions. This became one of the top five fastest-growing communities in the UK, Germany, and Spain. It was a really impactful initiative that helped connect that community to the artists they love."" — Heard


r/skincareaddiction. ""I'm always trying to figure out how I can address these wrinkles and get glowing skin."" — Young


r/PhotoshopRequest: ""You can send in photos, and the community will do an incredible job for you."" — Lozzi


r/vosfinances: ""This is a community that is really helping with financial literacy. You're one question away from building your future wealth plan."" — Chikhdene


r/askmeuf: ""This translates to 'ask women.' I'm incredibly grateful to the mods who have built this space and made it safe, vibrant, and inclusive, and making it culturally available to French women."" — Chikhdene


r/moderatelygranolamoms - ""I'm often looking for the most non-toxic, sustainable products and ways to raise my baby, and this is the perfect group for talking about that."" — Benson


r/TrueOffMyChest - ""It's a very vulnerable place where people can be anonymous and just share personal stories they wouldn't anywhere else."" — Benson

 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
46,2024-12-31,"To leave a comment, click the button on the top of this page to sign in with Google."
47,2024-12-31,"It reported revenue of $25.3 billion and adjusted earnings of $2.75 per share, compared to the consensus estimates of $25.4 billion and...
President Donald Trump on Thursday blamed the Federal Aviation Administration's “diversity push” in part for the plane collision that...
Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries enforcement agents cited a subject for alleged deer hunting violations in Jackson Parish...
Will Ferrell and Reese Witherspoon are engaged in a battle of bridal parties in Prime Video's comedy. Read the Empire review.
Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a...
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Journavx (suzetrigine) oral tablets on Thursday as a first-in-class non-opioid...
The Weeknd's latest blockbuster concert tour will bring him to Ford Field on May 24, the second night of his just-announced After Hours...
She's settled into a delightful era of senioritis on Wheel of Fortune. America isn't ready to let go. By Luke Winkie. Jan 31, 2025 ...
An innovator, showman and talented broadcaster, Dick Button leaves behind an almost immeasurable legacy on the sport of figure skating...
Armed conflicts and attacks

Business and economy

International relations

Politics and elections

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

Health and environment

Politics and elections

Science and technology


"
48,2024-12-31,"Business Insider Edition 
Warren Buffett preaches that picking stocks and timing the market are fool's errands for the vast majority of people. He says the average person's best bet is to simply invest in a low-fee S&P 500 index fund and hold it for the long term.

        But a venture capitalist is raising the alarm, arguing that a handful of technology stocks have become so valuable that owning the market-capitalization-weighted S&P 500 is basically a concentrated bet on those risky businesses, not a wager on the stock market as a whole.
    

        ""This needs to be fixed or it will end in disaster,"" Chamath Palihapitiya, a venture capitalist who cohosts the ""All-In"" podcast, said in an X post on Saturday. He was reacting to a chart shared by Kevin Gordon, a senior investment strategist at Charles Schwab, which showed the 10 most valuable S&P 500 companies accounted for 39.9% of the benchmark index's total market cap on December 20.
    

Apple, Nvidia, Microsoft, Alphabet, Amazon, Meta, Tesla, Broadcom, Berkshire Hathaway, and Walmart are worth about $21 trillion together — a big chunk of the S&P 500's roughly $50 trillion market cap.
    

        ""Average Americans buy S&P 500 index ETFs, in part, because Buffett told them to,"" Palihapitiya said. ""They were told they would pay very little and get diversification in the 500 best companies on earth to ride out storms.""
    

        But the Social Capital CEO and early Facebook investor said the outsize weighting of a few stocks meant that ""when you buy an index of 500 companies, you're really buying 10 companies with 490 others thrown in.""
    

        Palihapitiya said the lack of diversification means that if Big Tech stocks take a hit, investors could suffer huge losses as the pain to their portfolios won't be tempered much by other holdings. Amateur buyers face a ""rude awakening if this isn't addressed,"" he added.
    

        It's worth noting that Palihapitiya has been widely criticized for promoting high-risk special purpose acquisition deals, or SPACs, during the pandemic and showing little remorse when their value cratered.
    

        Buffett, a value investor who strives to remain within his circle of competence, has largely eschewed tech stocks throughout his career, as they tend to be expensive and he lacks expertise in what tech companies do.
    

        Yet he's counted Apple as Berkshire's largest position by far for the better part of a decade, despite paring that wager in recent quarters. The famed investor and Berkshire CEO has also hailed Alphabet and Meta as extraordinary businesses.
    

        On the other hand, Berkshire is extremely diversified, owning companies as varied as Geico, See's Candies, and Pilot Travel Centers. It also has billion-dollar stakes in listed companies such as Coca-Cola and Bank of America.
    

        Buffett has previously shrugged off shareholders' concerns that his stock portfolio may be overly concentrated in Apple. But he might feel less comfortable now than in the past with amateur investors buying an index so dominated by a few Big Tech names.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
49,2024-12-31,"Tesla (TSLA+3.92%) began 2024 with a bang.
In January alone, the company was slammed by a recall dealing with an Autopilot glitch, reports about CEO Elon Musk’s troubling drug habits, and increased competition at home and abroad. By February, the stock was down 24%, and it would be stuck as one of the worst performers in the S&P 500 for the first quarter of the year and part of the second as Tesla enacted mass layoffs. 
But all those losses have been more than erased. As of Dec. 30, even as Tesla’s value is slowly shedding some gains, the stock is up by more than 70% this year. 
Here’s how it got there.
The first major boost to Tesla shares came in April after Musk put off a meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to focus on his “very heavy Tesla obligations.” That turned out to be code for a surprise visit to Beijing, where he met with Chinese Premier Li Qiang.
 That meeting paved the way for Tesla to chart a path to test its Full Self-Driving technology on state roads. About a month later, the automaker began preparing to register its driver-assist software with China’s Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. Fast-forward another month and Shanghai began allowing Tesla to carry out limited testing of the software, Reuters reported, although FSD has not yet been cleared by regulators. 
The next aid to Tesla came not from the company but from its investors.
In June, the vast majority of Tesla shareholders — both institutional and retail investors alike — voted to re-approve Musk’s 2018 compensation package, which gives the CEO the ability to buy up to 304 million Tesla shares at a pre-set price of $23.34. Tesla shares haven’t traded below $100 apiece since August 2020.
The vote was both a vote in favor of compensating Musk, who had technically gone unpaid since the plan was approved half a decade earlier, and a sign of confidence in his vision and importance to Tesla. Ahead of the vote, Tesla board chair Robyn Denholm wrote that “motivating someone like Elon requires something different” and that the package would help ensure he doesn’t depart Tesla for “other places.” 
“Hot damn, I love you guys,” Musk said on June 13 after taking the stage at the shareholder meeting to a barrage of applause from the crowd.
Unfortunately for Tesla and its investors, the vote did not sway Delaware Chancellor Kathaleen McCormick, who, in January, had shut down Musk’s roughly $56 billion package. After again rejecting the package, McCormick on Dec. 13 opened the 30-day window for Tesla to appeal her ruling to the Delaware Supreme Court. 
From June to early November, Tesla stock came crashing back down to Earth as its robotaxi plans and poor second-quarter performance failed to excite investors. Then, Donald Trump won the 2024 presidential election. 
It’s no secret that Trump and Musk have gotten closer this year; Business Insider reports that Musk’s planes took 31 flights to or from Palm Beach International Airport this year, beginning in February. Trump’s “Winter White House,” Mar-a-Lago, is about five miles from the airport.
The entrepreneur has become an almost constant presence in Trump’s orbit since the election, joining calls and meetings with major CEOs and world leaders. Several of his allies, including Jared Isaacman, David Sacks, and the next head of the Federal Communications Commission, have been selected for roles in the new Trump administration. Musk has also been granted his own task force, nicknamed DOGE, that aims to recommend cuts to federal spending.
The president-elect’s team has reportedly discussed a number of actions that would benefit Musk, including rolling back car-crash reporting rules Tesla opposed and streamlining autonomous vehicle regulations. He may also end the $7,500 consumer tax credits for electric vehicles, a move that would likely hurt Tesla’s sales but has been endorsed by Musk. 
Investors’ enthusiasm for Trump and Musk’s bromance pushed the stock to a few all-time highs, including a price of about $470 per share, although those gains have been somewhat shed. Before the election, Tesla shares were trading at about $250 a pop. The stock is now trading at about $420 per share, one of Musk’s favorite numbers.
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
50,2024-12-31,The Nasdaq is headed for a 30% gain for the year.
51,2024-12-31,
52,2024-12-31,"Asian markets shares were mixed on Tuesday, with trading closed in Tokyo and Seoul for New Year holidays.  Hong Kong's Hang Seng added nearly 0.1% to..."
53,2024-12-31,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
US stocks slipped Tuesday, closing 2024 with an uncharacteristic down note after a roaring year of trading.
The S&P 500 (^GSPC) fell 0.4%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) dropped just below the flatline, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) led the losses at 0.9%.
Despite the sour final stretch, the benchmark S&P 500 closed 2024 up 23%, according to Yahoo Finance data. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite gained almost 30%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average posted a more modest 13% win.
The S&P's annual gain roughly matches 2023's performance, logging the highest consecutive back-to-back annual gain in nearly 30 years.
The major indexes posted big wins in 2024, a year that was marked by a continued surge in the artificial intelligence trade — led by the ""Magnificent Seven"" stocks — even as the bull rally broadened across the board. The single biggest winner in the S&P was Palantir (PLTR), with a nearly 350% gain for the year, while the biggest loser was Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA) which gave up 64% of its value.
Meanwhile, the Federal Reserve made its first interest rate cut in four years, and President-elect Donald Trump's impending return to the White House drove stocks higher in the last two months. (Yahoo Finance's Josh Schafer and Alexandra Canal have a great rundown of the year's big themes in charts.)
In commodities, gold (GC=F) increased 28% this year, logging its biggest yearly gain since 2010. And in cryptocurrencies, bitcoin (BTC-USD) has rallied over 100% this year, though it has pulled back from the $100,000 level it breached earlier this month.
But overall, the good times have stalled in the last week, as markets have given up some of their big gains — all the more uncharacteristic considering the typical ""Santa Claus"" rally that marks the end of the year.
US stocks slipped Tuesday, closing 2024 with an uncharacteristic down note after a roaring year of trading.
The S&P 500 (^GSPC) fell 0.4%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) dropped just below the flatline, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) led the losses at 0.9%.
Despite the weak final stretch, the benchmark S&P 500 closed 2024 up 23%, according to Yahoo Finance data. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite gained almost 30%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average has posted a more modest 13% win.
The S&P's annual gain roughly matches 2023's performance, logging the highest consecutive back-to-back annual gain in nearly 30 years.
Super Micro Computer stock (SMCI) started 2024 reaping the rewards of an artificial intelligence darling. But the year turned out to be a bust.
Shares of the AI server maker were on track to notch a yearly gain of just 6% on Tuesday afternoon — far less than other AI-themed stocks that have thrived in the bull market in 2024. And despite turning positive for the year in December, Super Micro shares remained far below their highs near $120 in mid-March.
Shares began to see signs of volatility early this year as the company struggled to meet analysts' and investors' high expectations. The stock's performance became increasingly unstable in the latter half of 2024 as Super Micro grappled with the fallout from a report published by short-selling firm Hindenburg Research, accusing the server maker of accounting violations, violations of export controls, and questionable relationships between its executives and key suppliers.
Read the full story here on Super Micro's wild ride this year.
The Federal Reserve's stance that interest rates will remain ""higher for longer"" will extend into 2025, even as the central bank has cut rates three times this year, amounting to a reduction of 100 basis points.
Fed Chair Powell has sad he expects inflation to remain more elevated than previously thought — that change played into officials scaling back the number of expected rate cuts to make next year from four to two.
Inflation is proving to be stubborn, And with the potential for Trump to reignite pricing pressures through new economic policies, the Fed is poised to take a cautious approach with any future rate hikes.
Market bets on the Fed's first policy decision of the new year predict rates to stay the same, with a roughly 90% chance, according to the CME FedWatch tool. The potential for the first cut won't come until March, according to the data.
Retail investors enjoyed another banner year by sticking with tried-and-true large-cap tech names that raked in big profits and promised advances in artificial intelligence, reports Yahoo Finance's Brian Sozzi.
The six corporate tickers with the most retail investor inflows were a who's who of tech momentum trades: AMD (AMD), Nvidia (NVDA), Apple (AAPL), Palantir (PLTR), Tesla (TSLA), and Amazon (AMZN). These five names pulled in $67.7 billion in total retail inflows this year. Nvidia overtook Tesla as the most popular stock among retail investors, at least judging by inflows.
Vanda Research estimated the year will end with about $265 billion in net new inflows into US markets by self-directed retail investors.
Read more about retail investor interest in 2024 here. 
Billionaire investor Bill Ackman is stoking new speculation that the Trump administration could end one of the oldest fights on Wall Street by loosening the federal government’s grip over Freddie Mac (FMCC) and Fannie Mae (FNMA), reports Yahoo Finance's David Hollerith.
Ackman said Monday on X that ""there is a credible path"" for the mortgage giants to be removed from government conservatorship and made into private companies within the next two years. That could result in an initial public offering in 2026.
""Trump likes big deals and this would be the biggest deal in history,"" added Ackman, the founder of Pershing Square Capital Management. ""I am confident he will get it done.""
The stocks of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae — semi-acronyms for Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and the Federal National Mortgage Association — jumped in the hours after Ackman’s comments. They are now up 168% and 138%, respectively, since Donald Trump’s election win.
Read more about Ackmann's theory about privatizing the mortgage giants here.
The last trading day of the year is set to be a disappointment as all three major indexes slipped into the red, punctuating a year of heady gains.
US stocks bounced back Tuesday, giving investors one final hurrah to cap a roaring year of trading even as the last batch of sessions limped to the finish.
The S&P 500 (^GSPC) fell 0.4% during afternoon trading, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) shed 0.7%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) lost 0.3%.
Despite the lackluster trading day the benchmark S&P 500 is up around 23.8% in 2024, according to Yahoo Finance data. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite is up almost 30%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average has posted a more modest 13% gain.
The ""Magnificent Seven"" stocks, consisting of Apple (AAPL), Alphabet (GOOGL, GOOG), Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon (AMZN), Meta (META), Tesla (TSLA), and Nvidia (NVDA), put up a blockbuster year.
The major players averaged stock gains of more than 60%, far outpacing the broader market's roughly 24% yearly return.
Nvidia took the top spot, rallying more than 170% and fully capitalizing on the AI mania that struck the market this year. Tesla, at a 67% gain in share price, is riding high on the Trump bump, as CEO Elon Musk has become a close adviser to the incoming president. Meta is close behind, registering a gain of 66%, punctuating a remarkable comeback story.
Amazon and Alphabet are set to notch 45% and 36% gains, respectively, as both platforms leverage their cloud computing businesses to generate new revenue from AI. Apple registered a 30% increase, as bullish analysts see a ""golden era"" for the iPhone maker. And Microsoft rounded out the group, rising 12%.
While the end of the year fizzle may have put a damper on Wall Street, if you zoom out just a little, the year showered investors with huge gains.
The S&P 500 (^GSPC) is on track to post a 24% gain, matching the return from 2023. These back-to-back annual gains mark the best performance for the index since 1997 and 1998. That's the best consecutive set of yearly increases since the run-up to the dot-com bubble.
And while analysts don't expect the benchmark index to log another year above 20% — as interest rates may remain elevated and corporate earnings face higher and higher expectations — 2025 is poised to be another robust year for investors.
S&P 500 earnings are expected to grow 15% year over year in 2025, according to FactSet data, fueling another bullish outlook for the year ahead.
President-elect Donald Trump and Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell have clashed before, and there is a chance they will do so again in 2025.
Their collision could unfold in multiple ways, reports Yahoo Finance's Jennifer Schonberger.
If Trump’s economic policies cause more inflation, it could force the Fed to tap the brakes and pull back any expected interest rate cuts. The new administration could make some new noise about limiting the Fed’s independence. Or Trump cost-cutter Elon Musk — who recently said the central bank is ""absurdly overstaffed"" — could seek to overhaul the Fed’s workforce.
Powell said in December that there are still too many unknowns for the Fed to game out how Trump's proposed tariffs could impact setting rates. However, he did say that some Fed officials have begun to factor in Trump’s proposed policies into their policy assumptions.
Read more about the tensions between the Fed and the incoming White House here.
US stocks bounced back Tuesday, giving investors one final hurrah to cap a roaring year of trading even as the last batch of sessions limped to the finish.
The S&P 500 (^GSPC) rose 0.2%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) gained 0.4%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) put on 0.2%.
The benchmark S&P 500 is up around 23.8% in 2024, according to Yahoo Finance data. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite is up almost 30%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average has posted a more modest 13% gain.
Economic data: S&P CoreLogic 20-City (October); Dallas Fed Services Activity (December)
Earnings: No notable earnings.
Here are some of the biggest stories you may have missed overnight and early this morning:
How the Fed and Trump could collide in 2025
Tesla stock surge runs up against potential annual sales drop
US Treasury says it was breached by Chinese-backed hacker
Ackman expects Trump to privatize Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
Meta insider sells $1.39M worth of shares: SEC filing
Paramount's power struggle leaves moguls and CEOs battling
Chinese Stocks Race Past Peers for First Annual Gain Since 2020
Travel demand is on the rise in 2025 — along with more deals
Sign in to access your portfolio"
54,2024-12-31,"Business Insider Edition 
After a little over a week of using ChatGPT search as my default search engine, I can say that it won't be replacing Google Search for me in the near future.

ChatGPT Search became available to anyone with a free account on December 16 after OpenAI launched the feature on October 31 to select users. The feature allows users to get quick, up-to-date responses with the option to open up relevant links in a tab on the right-hand side.
    

        ""This blends the benefits of a natural language interface with the value of up-to-date sports scores, news, stock quotes, and more,"" the company said in its announcement.
    

        The launch of the tool to free users also means you can go into your web browser settings and set ChatGPT Search as the default search engine — meaning that typing a question or keyword into the browser bar will route that query through ChatGPT instead of your usual default, such as Google or DuckDuckGo.
    

        I use ChatGPT frequently for a number of tasks and I find the chatbot and search engine feature valuable. However, setting it as my default search engine made me realize how necessary Google Search continues to feel to my daily workflow — and how much the two platforms differ.
    

        While I found the summaries generated by ChatGPT Search to be useful, there were instances when I wanted to better see and select the sources for myself.
    

        It can vary, but in my experience, ChatGPT Search includes about one to seven in-text links in the response and has a ""Sources"" tab at the bottom that users can select for an expanded source display. The tab includes the cited links at the top and about eight to 13 relevant links underneath. If you ask for more sources, you have to reopen sources from the first prompt to see the original list.
    

        On Google, it often feels like you can scroll endlessly.
    

        For example, if I want to shop around for a new TV stand for my living room and search ""55 inch TV stand"" on Google, I can see seemingly infinite options of stands that match that description. If I want to keep scrolling through, I can open Google Shopping which now operates more like a third-party marketplace, thanks to an AI revamp.
    

        ChatGPT Search, on the other hand, responded to my search with around 5 products and linked additional sites in the source tab. Instead of seeing a visual array of products from different brands with filters to set my preferences, ChatGPT Search selected some. I also found the source tab to be a fairly narrow display that didn't present sources in a particularly helpful way visually.
    

        Now, it's worth noting that some people may prefer the approach of ChatGPT Search to their usual search engine. And Google has been evolving the search experience over the past year as it leans into AI.
    

        There's an argument to be made about too many options being shown on Google, and ChatGPT certainly narrows it down. However, if I'm doing a broad search, I personally want to see the breadth of what's out there.
    

        While using ChatGPT Search, I found that I missed Google's layout of providing AI Overviews at the top of some queries. The feature allows users to get the short version while also having the option to scroll through other sources, which I feel offers a bit more agency in how users consume information.
    

        During this experiment, I often opened a separate browser with Google as my primary Search engine because ChatGPT Search took longer to provide the answers I needed.
    

        It's worth noting that the tech giant has dominated the search engine space for years, so my habits are naturally optimized for Google Search. I'm used to typing in a single keyword and instantly finding an array of relevant links.
    

Google's head of search, Liz Reid, said at Google I/O in May that ""Google will do the Googling for you,"" and I've generally found that to be true. When I look up a company, person, or website, I'm able to see social media accounts, recent news, and other relevant links. I can also select filters or categories such as images, videos, news, and shopping to narrow my search.
    

        ChatGPT Search worked better when I had a specific prompt or question in mind.
    

        For example, if I have an open-ended research query, like ""What was President Gerald Ford's most notable accomplishment"" or ""How did Gerald Ford's legacy differ from other presidents,"" I would probably turn to ChatGPT Search because it can organize information concisely, and save me from reading hundreds of related articles that might not address that specific question or contain those keywords.
    

        Google's lead in offering keyword-based access to the wider web is tough to beat. While I see valuable uses for both products, I don't see how ChatGPT Search could replace for me what Google has spent decades building — at least at this stage.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
55,2024-12-31,"
Computational Finance 
The term algorithmic trading is tossed around a lot these days. But what does it mean?
Let’s break it down into its components.
It’s not that defining an algorithm is all that complex. If anything, it is very simple. An algorithm is a set of instructions enabling a computer program to put together different sources of information [data] and generate a result.
If you’re talking algorithms, you’re also talking AI and data. Both are equally straightforward. At its core AI is simply a way to organize, analyze, and apply data for an outcome. Data is anything that is or can be digitized and tagged with a number. And anything—photographs, text, speech—can be digitized and numerically tagged.
Outcomes can be as basic as determining the mean of a data set or as complex as the predictive analytics needed for a self-driving car. Analyzing outcomes and then refining and adjusting the program and data inputs for a better outcome is what machine learning or deep learning are all about.
As for trading, it's a safe assumption that if you are reading a Forbes.com investment column, you know that it means buying and selling bonds, stocks, options, and other financial instruments.
Fun Fact! Algorithm is an eponym derived from the last name of Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khwarizmi, a ... [+] Persian mathematical genius who lived around AD780.
So how does all this come together as algorithmic trading?
James Pruskowski, Chief Investment Officer & Co-Founder at 16Rock Asset Management offered a general example. Integrating AI and algorithms, the firm’s municipal bond trading models regularly monitor market data—inputs like trades, volume, spreads, bid wanteds, request for quotes. One model is programmed to seek out arbitrage opportunities based on pricing anomalies discerned by analyzing market data. With regularly updated buy and sell parameters, the computer bids/buys and asks/sells.
A fully automated process, all of this can happen in a few seconds. The new trade data gets uploaded, is analyzed, and the model is updated to determine what the best opportunities might be given the new information. And the cycle continues.
Noting AI and algorithmic trading are liquifying the municipal odd lot market (an odd lot trade is comprised of a $100,000 par or less block of bonds), James also observed that separately managed account (SMA) asset growth as well as municipal ETFs were compelling many market participants to be price takers.
Be it a Financial Advisor or ETF fund manager, when faced with a pressing need to invest or sell, operational complexities force both—and their executing traders at large retail wire houses—to be price takers. These prices tend to reflect the higher yielding asking price versus the lower yielding bid price. Correspondingly, levels on market benchmark curves (such as the ICE US Municipal AAA Curve) derived from these trades reflect these price takers’ lower price, higher yielding trades. This is how, in his view, price takers define the opportunity set in today’s market.
USA, New York, New York City, Trading desk with computers and phones
Josh Rosenblum, Head of Algorithmic Trading at Brownstone Investment Group (he was formerly head of Municipal Trading Strategies at the firm), offered a different take. Combine the billions of assets under management held by mutual funds and SMA advisors with electronic trading platforms, he sees buy side firms moving from price takers to price makers. Moreover, with those platforms buy side firms could trade with each other directly. The relationship between broker and the client is evolving into more of a partnership to develop mutually beneficial workflows.
He has seen evidence of tighter spreads in the odd lot market due to algorithmic trading, also noting that AI-generated predictive pricing analytics creates a self-fulfilling pricing prophecy. If the model says the next trade on bond has a high probability to be valued at a certain amount, the maximum buy or sell price an investor would be willing take is going to be at that price or within a hair’s-breadth from it. Prediction is driving reality. Moreover, the counterparty “investor” is increasingly likely to be another AI-driven model. While a positive implication of this may be more market liquidity, computer and model dependence has its own pitfalls.
While speaking independently, James and Josh concurred that AI, electronic trading platforms, and algorithmic trading is creating a technological arms race. If you’re not the lead, you’re falling behind, which is accelerating technological adoption because absolutely no one wants to be left behind.
This is particularly true when it comes to execution speeds. If you aren’t trading faster than your worthy competitor, you weren’t going to get bonds. No bonds, no performance. No performance, no investors. Pretty simple.
Buy Now Button and Cursor. Vector Stock Illustration
It isn’t just proprietary funds using algorithmic trading.
For broker dealers who want to stay active in the municipal bond market, it’s a classic build-or-buy decision. Perhaps first out of the box was Toronto-Dominion Bank’s (NYSE-TD) acquisition of Headland Tech Holdings, LLC in 2021. Barely a year later, Raymond James (NYSE-RJF) bought SumRidge Partners, LLC in the firm’s ongoing strategy applying technology as the backbone to build out their trading business. Larger broker dealers and asset management firms such as Goldman Sachs and Blackrock, respectively, have generally pursued internal builds to remain competitive, although hiring top software engineers to do so might be interpreted as a form of buying. Then again, at least one bracket firm has thrown in the muni towel: Citigroup exited the municipal bond business in 2023.

Bond Talk
Given its direct market impacts, the market’s focus on algorithmic trading is understandable and justifiable. But there is another algorithm-based technology that might prove equally impactful on the market.
ChatGPT is based on an algorithm, specifically a type of machine learning model called a language model. More precisely, it is built on the GPT (Generative Pre-trained Transformer) architecture, which is a deep learning model designed to understand and generate human-like text. It is not a single algorithm but a complex system involving many components. The overall process can be described as an algorithm that uses machine learning to generate responses based on patterns in the data it has seen.
In fact, that entire prior paragraph was written by ChatGPT.
ChatGPT is a fascinating technology. From planning a Caribbean cruise to generating Python code to the latest procedures in hip replacement surgery, just about anything you can imagine is available at your fingertips. Enter a question and, in a few seconds, ChatGPT replies with an answer.
But interactive technology goes beyond typing in text for a response, as anyone who has talked to Apple’s Siri or Amazon’s Alexa can attest. Flipping that around, Speechify can turn anything into audio—text, pdf, email—and read it to you in high quality digital voices, including Snoop Dogg or Gwyneth Paltrow. In fact, Forbes.com offers an audio of this article for your listening pleasure. (No, it is not my voice.)
Prefer video? Pictory offers text to video, URL to video, PPT to video, and several other to-video abilities. You can copy-paste this entire article into Pictory to see how the technology transforms my jottings into a Hollywood-esque video. (Again, no, I am not featured in it. Sigh. I really need a new agent.)
In short, the abilities of interactivity are boundless. If you can imagine it, it can be done with AI in any communications medium.

Chat bot concept with 3d rendering humanoid robot with headset

That includes talking to municipal bonds.
If you are wondering why you would want to talk to your bonds, ask Robert Kane and Saul Tessler of Munibonds.ai. Founded in 2024, the firm has an AI chat function where you enter a question on a bond and the app generates a very thorough response. This user driven input functionality is far more robust than the limited, predetermined drop-down menu list.
If it has been disclosed, from the Preliminary Official Statement to the most recent quarterly financials, the app finds the data and generates an answer. It’s as close to making the municipal bond market’s PDF-laden disclosure documents into something machine readable as technology will allow. For now.
Munibonds.ai is more than just an interactive search function. Tracking both user queries and other external market data, the firm offers market sentiment analysis on any bond. Or a portfolio of bonds. Or a bid-wanted list. You get the idea.
It also offers a numerical “bond ranking”. While short of a credit rating, with the right user prompts, the report generated by the chat technology—including some fundamental analysis—is pretty close to a standard credit rating report.
Creating the customized need parameters and automating that function, everyone from portfolio managers, traders, analysts, to compliance officers can have credit, structure, use of proceeds, market sentiment, and any other decision-making or reporting information on any bond or portfolio of bonds in nearly real time at any time.
All they have to do is ask.

Predicting the Future
Imagine a perfect Laplace AI model. Possessing complete knowledge of every piece of data in the universe, past and present, to achieve a state of omniscience, it could predict the future with perfect accuracy. Whether or not the result would be an angel or a demon is up for debate, but read enough about AI and one comes away with the sense this is the ultimate state those developing and applying AI would like to achieve.
It's impossible, of course. But for the municipal bond market, even if knowledge gleaned from AI leads to asymptotic results, it’s a far better result than what exists now.
So here are the top AI predictions as to what the municipal bond market can expect going forward.
1. The rate of technological advancement and adoption across the market is going to accelerate.
2. Any market processes that can be automated will be.
3. From broker dealers to investment advisors to trading platforms, there will be further market consolidation.
4. The market will become far less opaque and fragmented.
5. A primary market electronic shelf-financing mechanism will develop for municipal bond issuers.
6. The market will adopt standardized, digital official statements, a consistent reporting taxonomy using an XBRL format, and ongoing disclosures will be in a machine readable or similarly algorithmically accessible format.
7. The pricing differential due to the current structural imbalance between odd-lot trade and institutional trade valuation will dissipate.
8. To stay relevant, credit ratings will be attached to numerical rankings that are more probabilistically based.
9. Climate change metrics will have a far greater impact on credit analysis and ratings.
10. These market evolutions will come far faster than many are expecting or are prepared for.

UNITED KINGDOM - MARCH 30:  Niels Bohr, Danish theoretical physicist, c 1950s.
Noting Nobel laureate physicist Niels Bohr’s observation that predictions are difficult, particularly about the future, it is tempting to dismiss any one or all of these or any others that can be thought of with a “that can never happen” hand wave.
Those who would do so are urged to keep in mind that, in technology, the question is not “can it be done” but “how can it be done” and then “how fast can it be done”.
Because if history shows us anything, it is that, in the end, one thing has proven consistently true:

Technology wins.

This is the sixth and final article in the series, AI and the Municipal Bond Market. Prior articles covered AI’s influence on pricing, economic drivers, data (and more data), credit, and Alternative Trading Platforms. 
The following Podcasts related to this series are:
Technology is the Solution, The Muni Matrix, Munichain, May 8, 2024
The Dynamics of Municipal Markets with Barnet Sherman, DebtBook/Where Public Finance Works, June 18, 2024
Bond Trading Roundtable—The Future of Bond Trading, Forefront Communications, September 19, 2024 

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
56,2024-12-31,"It reported revenue of $25.3 billion and adjusted earnings of $2.75 per share, compared to the consensus estimates of $25.4 billion and...
President Donald Trump on Thursday blamed the Federal Aviation Administration's “diversity push” in part for the plane collision that...
Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries enforcement agents cited a subject for alleged deer hunting violations in Jackson Parish...
Will Ferrell and Reese Witherspoon are engaged in a battle of bridal parties in Prime Video's comedy. Read the Empire review.
Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a...
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Journavx (suzetrigine) oral tablets on Thursday as a first-in-class non-opioid...
The Weeknd's latest blockbuster concert tour will bring him to Ford Field on May 24, the second night of his just-announced After Hours...
She's settled into a delightful era of senioritis on Wheel of Fortune. America isn't ready to let go. By Luke Winkie. Jan 31, 2025 ...
An innovator, showman and talented broadcaster, Dick Button leaves behind an almost immeasurable legacy on the sport of figure skating...
Armed conflicts and attacks

Business and economy

International relations

Politics and elections

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

Health and environment

Politics and elections

Science and technology


"
57,2024-12-31,"Business Insider Edition 
Starbucks was on the cusp of a big change in late 2024. This year will bring even more shifts for both baristas and coffee-lovers.

Starbucks' sales had slowed and even lost ground in the first half of 2024. Customers and employees pointed to operational challenges for the company, such as a lengthy menu and an explosion of mobile orders. There were even two activist investors with stakes in Starbucks during the summer.
    

        Then, in August, the coffee chain surprised investors by saying that Brian Niccol would take over as its CEO, replacing Laxman Narasimhan, who had held the job for roughly a year and a half.
    

        Niccol was known for turning around the Mexican grill chain Chipotle after a food poisoning crisis. He announced some changes after starting as CEO in September, such as cutting the number of discounts that Starbucks offers to members of its loyalty program.
    

        Starbucks has also stopped charging extra for non-dairy milk, and is bringing back self-service bars for milk and other condiments to reduce complexity for its baristas.
    

        It's already clear that those were just opening salvos.
    

        Niccol said in October that he's ""putting a full-court press"" on getting drinks to customers within four minutes of when they placed their order.
    

        He has also said he wants Starbucks to return to being a ""third place"" where people can hang out — a role it played for many patrons in its early years of national expansion.
    

        Store employees — whom Starbucks calls ""partners"" — could get details on how that change will happen at three-hour meetings scheduled to take place later this month.
    

        Partners have pointed to some specific areas where Starbucks might have to make adjustments to achieve Niccol's goals. Some have said that their Starbucks stores need to be better staffed, especially during the busiest times.
    

        Others have suggested that a better process needs to be developed for handling mobile orders, which can be difficult to manage in addition to customers who walk in and others who order at the drive-thru.
    

        There are further issues that Niccol will need to address in 2025.
    

        These include Starbucks' unionized stores, which account for about 4.5% of the chain's locations. Starbucks workers at those stores went on strike in the days leading up to Christmas and have yet to secure a contract. An agreement would be the first ever between Starbucks and its store workers.
    

        Starbucks and Niccol also have to craft a strategy for the company's business in China, its second-largest market after the US. In October, Niccol said that Starbucks was considering ""strategic partnerships that could help us grow in the long term.""
    

        The following month, Bloomberg reported that Starbucks was weighing selling a stake in its China business and finding a partner in the country to manage the unit.
    

        Niccol has only been at the helm for four months, but it's clear he has big plans for the coffee chain at home and abroad. Investors were hopeful when he joined the company, though it's too soon to tell whether his actions will result in a recovery this year.
    

        Starbucks' challenge for 2025 will be to make itself more than a place for a quick cup of coffee. The chain has long held itself to higher service and quality standards than most fast-food joints, from offering healthcare benefits to part-time employees to encouraging customers to stick around the store and relax.
    

        Yet one barista with almost two decades of experience at the company said his store has drifted from those higher standards lately.
    

        ""It started out as a trendy, quirky coffee shop job, and it's just morphed into this soulless fast-food empire since that time,"" the employee told Business Insider earlier this year.
    

Do you work at Starbucks and have a story idea to share? Reach out to this reporter at abitter@businessinsider.com.

 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
58,2024-12-31,Samsung must address these problems to make a comeback in 2025
59,2024-12-31,"This is a Techmeme archive page.
It shows how the site appeared at 6:25 PM ET, December 31, 2024.

The most current version of the site as always is available at our home page.
To view an earlier snapshot click here
and then modify the date indicated.
"
60,2024-12-31,"The ad for today’s Nice Price or No Dice Disco shows us the truck in question and all the seller’s other Landys. Let’s see if this long-time Land Rover fan has set a price that might make us all just as enthusiastic.
Understanding the difference between MPV and MVP means ensuring the kids get to soccer practice and instead don’t have to hear someone crow about the good game they had. The 2010 Mercedes-Benz R350 we looked at yesterday is classified as an MPV (Multi-Purpose Vehicle), but its $7,500 price tag made it an MVP in many of your books. That was made plain by the 75 percent Nice Price win it received.
Monday’s Mercedes may have been a family car, but today, we’re going to close down 2024 with a 1999.5 Land Rover Discovery II sold by someone with a family of Land Rovers. So proud are they of the collection they have amassed that a bunch of other rando family members appear indiscriminately in the ad.
Let’s start our discussion of this Disco by acknowledging that Land Rovers—and, by extension, the upper-market Range Rovers—don’t maintain the best reputation for quality or durability. There may be some basis for that argument, but there sure seem to be a lot of old Land Rovers running around, and most of those offered for sale have high mileage like the 213,000 miles this one proudly wears. This particular Disco also has binders full of maintenance and repair records, with the seller claiming that work to have totaled $33,000 over the past 25 years of driving.
It’s still said to be in excellent condition and features a number of aesthetic and practical upgrades that make it stand out from the crowd—or the family. Among the former is a goth treatment for the window frames that make the wagon look more like a Range Rover P38 than a Disco. The flat black paint extends to the raised center of the bonnet and the safari windowed roof. Above that is a large roof rack with lights on all sides and a get-out-of-trouble tool kit above the passenger side. A brush guard fitted with even more lights protects the nose while running boards offer a leg up on either side. Besides those changes, this Disco appears relatively stock, with factory alloy wheels and ride height, and with all its trim intact.
Oddly, no pictures or descriptions of the truck’s interior are provided. This is a seven-seater, so we can expect there to be three rows in there. On the plus side, the mechanicals seem sound. Power comes from a 4.0-liter edition of the Rover V8, and this being a 1999.5 model, it has many updates and upgrades over the earlier edition that improve durability and reliability.
Per the ad, the engine, ZF automatic transmission, transfer case, and diffs have all recently had their fluids changed. Other recent work includes new front suspension components and a replacement rear driveshaft. A number of gaskets have also been replaced, eliminating, for the moment, the British tradition of oil leaks. A clean title and current tags ensure a hassle-free transfer to a new owner once the $7,500 asking price is negotiated.
Let’s do that right now. After all, it’s New Year’s Eve, and we’ve got partying to do. What’s your take on this Discovery and that $7,500 price tag? Does that seem fair, given the truck’s history and presentation? Or does that price mean it’s going to stay in the family?
You decide!

Seattle, Washington, Craigslist, or go here if the ad disappears.
H/T to Don R. for the hookup!
Help me out with NPOND. Hit me up via email and send me a fixed-price tip. Remember to include your Kinja handle."
61,2024-12-31,"*Note*: Our links may go to a product variant that is out of stock or not included in this deal. Please use the available sorting options on the product page to select the available items on sale. 
..."
62,2024-12-31,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
(Bloomberg) -- Follow Bloomberg India on WhatsApp for exclusive content and analysis on what billionaires, businesses and markets are doing. Sign up here.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Detroit’s Michigan Central Is the Building Revival Story of 2024
Burned Out Parents Need Better Public Spaces
A Commuting Resolution for 2025: Ride Your Local Subway or Bus
Pakistani stocks recorded their biggest annual gain in 22 years, outperforming nearly all markets worldwide as economic conditions improve and traders bet on more interest-rate cuts.
The South Asian nation’s benchmark KSE-100 Index rose about 84% this year. That makes the index the second-best performer in local currency terms among the more than 90 tracked globally by Bloomberg.
Country watchers expect the boom to continue next year, bolstered by likely more cuts in borrowing costs and easing inflation, while a loan program from the International Monetary Fund helps to stabilize the economy. Pakistan’s economy expanded more slowly than expected last quarter, but has broadly recovered from 2023 when it narrowly escaped a default.
“This year was all about the return of domestic mutual funds to the market following a much steeper cut in rates than expected,” said Bilal Khan, head of international equity sales at Arif Habib Ltd. “Next year, we will see notable inflows from foreigners as investors will not be able to ignore allocating to Pakistan given the performance.”
(Updated to reflect KSE-100 Index’s closing price)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
What Will Elon Musk Do in 2025?
How Elon Musk Took Over America
Two Things Bluesky Needs to Become the Ultimate Sports Companion
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
63,2024-12-31,"It is hard to get excited after looking at African Media Entertainment's (JSE:AME) recent performance, when its stock..."
64,2024-12-31,"Bitcoin and crypto prices have dropped back from their post-Donald Trump election victory peaks, with traders braced for a ""major"" 2025 move.
Unlock over $3,000 in NFT, web3 and crypto perks — Apply now!
The bitcoin price has plummeted from an all-time high of over $108,000, dropping toward $90,000 per bitcoin and wiping around $500 billion from the combined crypto market amid warnings a bitcoin price crash could be imminent.
Now, as the Federal Reserve fears its ""biggest nightmare"" could come true in 2025, analysts have warned the bitcoin and crypto market has ""delusional expectations"" for Trump's incoming administration.
Sign up now for the free CryptoCodex—A daily five-minute newsletter for traders, investors and the crypto-curious that will get you up to date and keep you ahead of the bitcoin and crypto market bull run
U.S. president-elect Donald Trump's White House victory has helped the bitcoin price to soar in ... [+] recent months.
""It's highly likely that the market has delusional expectations for the pace of policy changes and will overprice the impact running into the inauguration,"" K33's head of research Vetle Lunde wrote in a December note to clients.
Trump is due to be inaugurated as U.S. president on January 20, with the crypto industry betting on him issuing a flurry of executive orders and directives—though if these fail to materialize, the bitcoin price could plummet.
""We expect the current rally to peak in mid-January before the inauguration and view that area as a natural area to reduce risk and realize profits for the short term,"" Lunde wrote.
Trump has vowed to make the U.S. into the world's bitcoin and crypto capital during his second term, with his recently confirmed plan to establish a bitcoin strategic reserve similar to the country's oil reserve helping to spur a bitcoin price boom.
Sign up now for CryptoCodex—A free, daily newsletter for the crypto-curious
The bitcoin price has dipped from its recent peak, fueling fears a bitcoin price crash could be ... [+] around the corner.
Lunde's bearish bitcoin price prediction echos a similar warning from former BitMex chief executive Arthur Hayes, who earlier this month warned of a January bitcoin price crash.
""I believe the crypto markets will experience a harrowing dump around Trump’s January 20 2025 inauguration day,"" Hayes, who now runs the Maelstrom family office, wrote in a blog post.

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
65,2024-12-31,"The trading bell in the S&P options pit at the Cboe Global Markets exchange in Chicago, Illinois, ... [+] US, on Thursday, Nov. 7, 2024. The Federal Reserve cut its benchmark lending rate by a quarter percentage point Thursday, extending efforts to keep the US economic expansion on solid footing. Photographer: Vincent Alban/Bloomberg
If the past is prelude, in 2025 many individual investors will trade options heavily. In doing so, some will win big and others will lose big, with the average options trader likely losing some money.
Recent articles appearing in The Wall Street Journal have drawn attention to increased stock options trading activity by individual investors, and have highlighted the problems of gambling addicts who use options to express their addictions.
These articles reinforce the academic literature, which has documented options trading behaviors as well as the psychology underlying these behaviors. This literature, in combination with recent data, suggests that option trading by individual investors will continue to be a severe problem for a small segment of the population. However, option trading can and will generate benefits for many in the rest of the trading population,.
The Wall Street Journal describes several cases of individual investors across the country seeking help from Gamblers Anonymous on account of having become addicted to trading options. One such investor is quoted as referring to options as analogous to “crack cocaine.”
I will draw on one of my previous posts to place the issues about options trading into context. According to the North American Foundation for Gambling Addiction Help, the percentage of the U.S. population that suffers from gambling addiction is about 2.6%. In my own research on online trading behavior, co-authored with Arvid Hoffmann, we find that the percentage of investors who behave as if they were addicted to gambling is about 2.5%, so virtually the same as in the general population.
In the data which Hoffmann and I use, 20% of investors trade options actively and 12.5% stipulate that speculation is their primary motive for trading. The intersection - investors whose primary motivation for trading is speculation, and who use options to do so - comprises about 5% of our data sample. This group has terrible investment performance, on average earning 27% less per year than investors who are non-speculators, which of course means incurring large losses.
The worst performing group of investors are those who, in addition to trading options and having speculation as their main investment objective, also use technical analysis. This last group, on average, earns a staggering 43% less per year than investors who do not trade options, do not have speculation as their primary objective, and do not use technical analysis. The behavior of this last group is most consistent with gambling addiction, and again represents about 2.5% of our data sample.
Consider investors who trade for entertainment, and do so by taking prudent risks and being disciplined. In the data underlying my work with Hoffmann, approximately 25% of investors have entertainment as their primary motivation for trading online. Just to place the key issue in context: Investors who use options and technical analysis, and who identify an objective other than speculation as their primary motivation for trading on average earn 73% more per year, risk-adjusted, than their speculating counterparts.
About 63% of investors in our data report having objectives other than entertainment and gambling for trading online. Approximately 44% report capital growth as their primary objective, and approximately 12% report building a financial buffer for the future. The remainder report saving for retirement as their primary objective.
Not all individual investors use options to speculate. For years, the most popular use of stock options was to construct covered call positions. An investor who sells an out-of-the-money call option on a stock can treat the option premium as additional income, in exchange for giving up some upside potential if the stock appreciates substantially.
Stock market speculation has a long history. In the leadup to the stock market crash of 1929, investors bought stocks on margin to make leveraged bets. Studies based on data from a half century ago describe speculating investors as “high rollers,” who rely on technical analysis to make short-term trades in high-risk stocks. During the last 30 years, option trading has gained popularity among individual investors, and we now have “high option trading rollers.”
Since 2020, daily option volume has doubled, and the share of U.S. option activity by individual investors rose from below 23% to the 27-to-30% range in 2021. It has remained in this range, except for the period between 2022 and the first few months of 2023, when the the share dipped to 23-27%. The dip coincided with a downturn in stock prices, which occurred as the Federal Reserve raised interest rates to combat inflation. This last point suggests that some individual investors pull back from trading options when the market declines. Relatedly, Bloomberg Intelligence reports that in September 2024, “amateur” investors account for 29% of U.S. options activity, compared to 23% at the start of 2020.
One of The Wall Street Journal articles describes the role that dopamine plays in addictive behavior. The article quotes Stanford University psychologist and neuroscientist Brian Knutson who emphasizes the link between dopamine flows and feelings of anticipation. Knutson points out that anticipation can induce repetitive betting behavior, stating that the speed of dopamine release is important for reinforcing habitual behavior.
That gambling addiction is dopamine related is part of the phenomenon psychiatrist Anna Lembke, in a recent book, calls “Dopamine Nation.” Lembke describes how addictions stem from people seeking pleasure, where sensations of pleasure involve dopamine flows rising above baseline.
Studies document that people who suffer from gambling addiction differ from others in at least two respects. First, those people might find it more difficult than others to generate dopamine highs. Therefore, they might need more powerful stimuli than others to induce the same kinds of highs. Second, relative to others, the executive portion of their brains can be weaker, leading them to experience greater difficulty with self-control. Taking these two features together means that people with a gambling addiction might need to take greater risks than others to achieve the same psychological highs, and are more prone to do so, even when they know they might be behaving imprudently.
Using digital prompts, the apps on trading platforms generate stimuli which activate the dopamine-based reward centers in its users’ brains. This can create trouble for people with a gambling addiction. There is research to suggest that a portion of the brain connected to vision plays an important role in regulating how much risk people seek, quite possibly by impacting dopamine flows in regions of the brain associated with anticipation.
In the 1930s, John Maynard Keynes emphasized that investors base their stock trades more on predictions about which stocks other investors will find attractive than on underlying fundamental values. Keynes described the phenomenon as “beauty contest investing.” Keynes view appears to apply just as well to today’s market, and to be amplified by dopamine flows activated by trading platform apps. In addition to high rolling option trading, meme stocks, crypto-markets, and mega-cap stocks also come to mind. These psychological phenomena are important reasons why stock market valuations deviate, in some cases dramatically, from fundamental values.
Dopamine seeking-based beauty contest trading is a poor recipe for long-term portfolio performance. Still, option trading can generate considerable entertainment for some investors, without being dangerous. However, for investors who struggle with a gambling addiction, option trading can be deadly, and in 2025 will be for some.

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
66,2024-12-31,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
While the backup in bond yields over the past few months has impacted bond prices, it also sets the stage for stronger performance ahead as yields are typically the key driver of fixed-income returns. In this context, investing in penny stocks—often seen as a niche area—can still present growth opportunities, especially when these stocks are backed by strong financial health. Despite being considered somewhat outdated, penny stocks continue to offer potential for significant returns at lower price points by focusing on smaller or newer companies with solid fundamentals.
Name
Share Price
Market Cap
Financial Health Rating
Findev (TSXV:FDI)
CA$0.445
CA$12.75M
★★★★★★
Mandalay Resources (TSX:MND)
CA$3.92
CA$372.82M
★★★★★★
Pulse Seismic (TSX:PSD)
CA$2.30
CA$117.44M
★★★★★★
Silvercorp Metals (TSX:SVM)
CA$4.20
CA$939.87M
★★★★★★
PetroTal (TSX:TAL)
CA$0.55
CA$510.73M
★★★★★★
Foraco International (TSX:FAR)
CA$2.35
CA$224.43M
★★★★★☆
East West Petroleum (TSXV:EW)
CA$0.04
CA$3.62M
★★★★★★
NamSys (TSXV:CTZ)
CA$1.26
CA$33.58M
★★★★★★
Hemisphere Energy (TSXV:HME)
CA$1.84
CA$174.58M
★★★★★☆
Enterprise Group (TSX:E)
CA$1.84
CA$116.34M
★★★★☆☆
Click here to see the full list of 957 stocks from our TSX Penny Stocks screener.
Underneath we present a selection of stocks filtered out by our screen.
Simply Wall St Financial Health Rating: ★★★★★★
Overview: Tartisan Nickel Corp. is involved in the acquisition, exploration, and development of mineral properties in Canada and Peru, with a market cap of CA$31.10 million.
Operations: There are no reported revenue segments for the company.
Market Cap: CA$31.1M
Tartisan Nickel Corp., with a market cap of CA$31.10 million, remains pre-revenue and unprofitable, having reported increased losses over the past five years. Despite this, the company has recently raised CA$1.5 million through a private placement to support its activities, including infrastructure development at the Kenbridge Nickel Project in Ontario. The company's short-term assets exceed liabilities, and it holds more cash than debt with no long-term liabilities. While volatility has decreased over the past year, Tartisan's negative return on equity highlights ongoing financial challenges amid its exploration efforts in Canada and Peru.
Jump into the full analysis health report here for a deeper understanding of Tartisan Nickel.
Explore historical data to track Tartisan Nickel's performance over time in our past results report.
Simply Wall St Financial Health Rating: ★★★★★★
Overview: California Nanotechnologies Corp. focuses on the research, development, and production of nanocrystalline materials through grain size reduction and has a market cap of CA$39.31 million.
Operations: California Nanotechnologies does not report distinct revenue segments.
Market Cap: CA$39.31M
California Nanotechnologies Corp., with a market cap of CA$39.31 million, has shown mixed financial performance. While the company reported sales of US$1.52 million in the recent quarter, it incurred a net loss compared to a profit in the previous year. Despite negative earnings growth and shareholder dilution over the past year, its debt levels are well-managed, with more cash than total debt and strong interest coverage by EBIT. The management team is relatively new, but improvements in shareholder equity reflect progress over time. The company's high return on equity suggests some underlying operational strengths despite current challenges.
Dive into the specifics of California Nanotechnologies here with our thorough balance sheet health report.
Gain insights into California Nanotechnologies' past trends and performance with our report on the company's historical track record.
Simply Wall St Financial Health Rating: ★★★★★★
Overview: Avante Corp. develops security technologies, products, and solutions across several countries including Canada, the United States, and the United Kingdom with a market cap of CA$33.04 million.
Operations: The company's revenue is primarily derived from its security segment, generating CA$26.99 million.
Market Cap: CA$33.04M
Avante Corp., with a market cap of CA$33.04 million, is navigating the penny stock landscape through strategic innovations and expansion plans. Despite being unprofitable with increased losses over five years, Avante maintains a strong cash position exceeding its debt and liabilities, ensuring financial stability. Recent product launches like the AI-powered Halo security system demonstrate technological advancement, potentially boosting future sales. The company reported substantial revenue growth to CA$16 million for six months ending September 2024 but faced widening net losses. Avante's focus on acquisitions could enhance its market presence in high-net-worth security solutions sectors.
Navigate through the intricacies of Avante with our comprehensive balance sheet health report here.
Understand Avante's track record by examining our performance history report.
Unlock more gems! Our  TSX Penny Stocks screener has unearthed 954 more companies for you to explore.Click here to unveil our expertly curated list of 957  TSX Penny Stocks.
Have you diversified into these companies? Leverage the power of Simply Wall St's portfolio to keep a close eye on market movements affecting your investments.
Simply Wall St is a revolutionary app designed for long-term stock investors, it's free and covers every market in the world.
Explore high-performing small cap companies that haven't yet garnered significant analyst attention.
Jump on the AI train with fast growing tech companies forging a new era of innovation.
Find companies with promising cash flow potential yet trading below their fair value.
 This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Companies discussed in this article include CNSX:TN TSXV:CNO and TSXV:XX.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team@simplywallst.com
One area where I'm seeing a flashing signal is in Palantir's (NASDAQ: PLTR) stock.  Palantir had one of the best 2024s of any stock, let alone an artificial intelligence (AI) company, rising 356%.  Palantir's AI product is a hit in the U.S.
Analysts at three research firms upgraded American Airlines stock to a buy and raised their price targets.
(Bloomberg) -- The shares of IonQ Inc. and other companies linked to quantum computing tumbled in extended trading on Tuesday after Nvidia Corp. Chief Executive Officer Jensen Huang said “very useful” quantum computers are likely decades away.Most Read from BloombergNYC’s Subway Violence Deters Drive to Bring Workers Back to OfficeDutch Central Bank Restores Amsterdam’s ‘Ugliest Building’Can American Drivers Learn to Love Roundabouts?Don’t Shrink the BusCan States Hit the Brakes on Runaway Roadb
Although higher mortgage rates and land/labor costs pose risks, better operating leverage and marketing strategies are likely to drive homebuilders like NVR, PHM and TMHC.
An investor in the US kefir maker, Danone argues Lifeway’s award violated their shareholder agreement.
With Ark Invest ending 2024 on a strong note, the aggressive growth icon is hoping to build on that momentum in 2025.
The irony of the crypto market is how much it falls when the economy is doing well.  On Tuesday, a couple of important economic readings came in better than expected, and Bitcoin (CRYPTO: BTC) and other cryptocurrencies dropped on the news.  As of 4:30 p.m. ET, Bitcoin was down 4.9% in the past 24 hours, Ethereum (CRYPTO: ETH) was off 7.4%, and Dogecoin (CRYPTO: DOGE) was down 8.9%.
The France-based company, which is offering to buy the kefir producer, plans to file a lawsuit claiming its top executive and board have breached their fiduciary duties to shareholders.
A number of new energy stocks, including S&P 500 nuclear stocks Constellation Energy and Vistra, along with Amazon.com supplier Plug Power, moved higher following the Treasury Department and Internal Revenue Service revising its rules for hydrogen production tax credits.  The U.S. Treasury on Friday published its final rules on clean hydrogen production, with guidelines producers must meet to qualify for the clean hydrogen production tax credit of up to $3 per kilogram.
With Berkshire Hathaway delivering an average annual return of around 19.8% over almost six decades, Buffett clearly knows what he's doing.  Unsurprisingly, he hasn't diversified Berkshire's holdings as much as most investors would.  Nearly 66% of Buffett's portfolio is invested in these five stocks as 2025 begins.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
67,2024-12-31,
68,2024-12-31,"Bitcoin cryptocurrency background. A bunch of golden bitcoin, Digital currency
After gains of 346% in 2023 and about 360% in 2024 for a total just under 2,000% for two years, it is worthwhile to consider the premium MicroStrategy’s shares are selling for versus its bitcoin holdings.
MicroStrategy announced on August 11, 2020, its first bitcoin purchase where it bought 21,454 bitcoins for $250 million or an average of $11,653. Over the past four plus years it has bought a total of 444,262 bitcoins for about $27.7 billion or $62,257 each.
While the last five purchases of bitcoin are under-water, the company has made about $14.4 billion in profit or approximately $59 or $51 per share, respectively, depending on which share count is used, 245 million basic or 281 million fully diluted. The cost basis per MicroStrategy share is about $172 or $150, again based on basic or fully diluted share count.
On December 31, 2017, MicroStrategy’s market cap was $152 million with 11.5 million fully diluted shares and two years later on December 31, 2019, about eight months before the company bought its first bitcoin, it was $147 million based on 10.3 million fully diluted shares.
With a share price of $290 on Tuesday, December 31, its market cap was just over $71 billion based on 245 million basic shares and about $81.5 billion assuming all its diluted shares are converted.
MicroStrategy stock price chart
Over the past eight years MicroStrategy’s revenue has declined from $504 million to an estimated $469 million in 2024 or 6.9% lower.
Its operating cash flow has decreased significantly the past three years and turned negative in the first nine months this year.
Free cash flows are operating cash flows minus capital expenditures. The company has seen the same trend as operating cash flow as capital expenditures have been $4 million or less the past five years.
With MicroStrategy generating a small amount of cash each year and a market cap of $71 billion or higher, it appears MicroStrategy’s bitcoin holdings are responsible for most of the company’s value.
From August 2020, when the company first started buying bitcoins, until around September this year, there was a fairly constant relationship between MicroStrategy’s stock price and bitcoin’s. However, the chart below shows starting in September MicroStrategy’s shares increased at a much higher rate than bitcoin’s. The difference peaked in late November but there is still a large discrepancy.
MicroStrategy stock price vs.bitcoin’s price
On New Year’s Eve bitcoin is trading around $94,670 per Forbes Digital Prices. Since the company owns 444,262 bitcoins, the value of them is approximately $42.06 billion or $171 per share using basic shares or $149 using fully diluted shares.
This means MicroStrategy’s market cap of $71 billion is 1.7 times the value of its bitcoin holdings using the basic share count. When using the diluted share count it is 1.9 times.
While the relationship between MicroStrategy’s stock price and its bitcoin holdings may not reach parity, if an investor is looking to own bitcoin it is probably better to own bitcoins itself versus owning MicroStrategy shares.

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
69,2024-12-31,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
While the backup in bond yields over recent months has impacted bond prices, it also sets the stage for stronger performance ahead as yields are typically a key driver of fixed-income returns. In light of these market dynamics, investors may find value in exploring penny stocks, which often represent smaller or newer companies with potential for growth at lower price points. Despite being considered an outdated term, penny stocks can still offer compelling opportunities when backed by strong financials and solid fundamentals, making them an intriguing option for those seeking under-the-radar investments.
Name
Share Price
Market Cap
Financial Health Rating
Findev (TSXV:FDI)
CA$0.445
CA$12.75M
★★★★★★
Mandalay Resources (TSX:MND)
CA$3.92
CA$372.82M
★★★★★★
Pulse Seismic (TSX:PSD)
CA$2.30
CA$117.44M
★★★★★★
Silvercorp Metals (TSX:SVM)
CA$4.20
CA$939.87M
★★★★★★
PetroTal (TSX:TAL)
CA$0.55
CA$510.73M
★★★★★★
Foraco International (TSX:FAR)
CA$2.35
CA$224.43M
★★★★★☆
East West Petroleum (TSXV:EW)
CA$0.04
CA$3.62M
★★★★★★
NamSys (TSXV:CTZ)
CA$1.26
CA$33.58M
★★★★★★
Hemisphere Energy (TSXV:HME)
CA$1.84
CA$174.58M
★★★★★☆
Enterprise Group (TSX:E)
CA$1.84
CA$116.34M
★★★★☆☆
Click here to see the full list of 957 stocks from our TSX Penny Stocks screener.
Let's review some notable picks from our screened stocks.
Simply Wall St Financial Health Rating: ★★★★★☆
Overview: Critical One Energy Inc. is an upstream mining and exploration company dedicated to sustainable uranium production in Namibia and Canada, with a market cap of CA$7.52 million.
Operations: Critical One Energy Inc. currently has no reported revenue segments.
Market Cap: CA$7.52M
Critical One Energy Inc., recently rebranded from Madison Metals, is a pre-revenue company with a market cap of CA$7.52 million, focusing on uranium production in Namibia and Canada. Despite having no significant revenue streams, the company has taken steps to bolster its position by acquiring interests in the Howells Lake Antimony-Gold Project in Ontario. This expansion into critical minerals could enhance its asset portfolio, although it remains unprofitable with an increased loss rate of 82.3% annually over five years. The company's recent capital raise through private placements may help address short-term liabilities that currently exceed short-term assets.
Unlock comprehensive insights into our analysis of Critical One Energy stock in this financial health report.
Gain insights into Critical One Energy's historical outcomes by reviewing our past performance report.
Simply Wall St Financial Health Rating: ★★★★★☆
Overview: Klondike Gold Corp. is a resource exploration company focused on acquiring, exploring, and developing mineral properties in Canada with a market cap of CA$12.42 million.
Operations: Klondike Gold Corp. does not report any specific revenue segments.
Market Cap: CA$12.42M
Klondike Gold Corp., with a market cap of CA$12.42 million, is pre-revenue and focuses on gold exploration in Canada's Klondike District. The company recently completed a private placement raising CA$508,508.95, which could provide short-term financial relief despite its current one-month cash runway based on previous free cash flow reports. Recent drilling results have expanded the Stander Zone's mineralization footprint and identified significant gold potential along the Eldorado Fault, although further exploration is needed to fully delineate these resources. However, shareholder dilution has occurred with an increase of 7.8% in shares outstanding over the past year.
Navigate through the intricacies of Klondike Gold with our comprehensive balance sheet health report here.
Review our historical performance report to gain insights into Klondike Gold's track record.
Simply Wall St Financial Health Rating: ★★★★★☆
Overview: Rockhaven Resources Ltd. is an exploration stage company focused on acquiring, exploring, and evaluating mineral properties in Canada, with a market cap of CA$23.47 million.
Operations: The company does not report any revenue segments, as it is primarily engaged in the exploration and evaluation of mineral properties in Canada.
Market Cap: CA$23.47M
Rockhaven Resources Ltd., with a market cap of CA$23.47 million, is pre-revenue and focuses on mineral exploration in Canada. The company remains debt-free, though its short-term assets (CA$429.8K) do not cover long-term liabilities (CA$3.6M). Despite unprofitability and increased losses over the past five years, Rockhaven has maintained a stable cash runway for over a year due to effective cash flow management. Recent private placement efforts raised CA$1 million, potentially enhancing financial stability without significant shareholder dilution last year. However, the stock remains highly volatile compared to most Canadian stocks, reflecting inherent risks in penny stock investments.
Click to explore a detailed breakdown of our findings in Rockhaven Resources' financial health report.
Explore historical data to track Rockhaven Resources' performance over time in our past results report.
Get an in-depth perspective on all 957  TSX Penny Stocks by using our screener here.
Have a stake in these businesses? Integrate your holdings into Simply Wall St's portfolio for notifications and detailed stock reports.
Discover a world of investment opportunities with Simply Wall St's free app and access unparalleled stock analysis across all markets.
Explore high-performing small cap companies that haven't yet garnered significant analyst attention.
Jump on the AI train with fast growing tech companies forging a new era of innovation.
Find companies with promising cash flow potential yet trading below their fair value.
 This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Companies discussed in this article include CNSX:CRTL TSXV:KG and TSXV:RK.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team@simplywallst.com
Sign in to access your portfolio"
70,2024-12-31,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
(Bloomberg) -- Vistra Corp. just pulled off a feat that no other utility stock has managed since 2001 — it topped the leaderboard of the S&P 500 Index with an eye-popping 264% annual gain.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Detroit’s Michigan Central Is the Building Revival Story of 2024
Burned Out Parents Need Better Public Spaces
A Commuting Resolution for 2025: Ride Your Local Subway or Bus
Shares of Vistra, which joined the S&P 500 in May, posted their best year in the Dallas-based firm’s history and led a pack of nuclear power plant operators higher in a performance more akin to the high-growth tech sector than the typically boring and defensive play of utilities.
Long considered one of the sleepier corners of the market, utilities advanced as the growth of artificial intelligence and data centers fueled demand for power. And growing acceptance of nuclear power as an emissions-free energy source provided a further boost.
“Everywhere you look, power demand has never been this strong,” said Shahriar Pourreza, an analyst with Guggenheim Securities. “There’s a finite number of these power plant operators and they have a scarcity value.”
Independent power plant operators — unlike regulated utilities — have seen a “tipping point” amid the rise of data centers, a huge re-shoring effort and electrification trends, Pourreza said.
The combination of increased demand and greater acceptance of nuclear power propelled Vistra’s stock to even outperform AI darling Nvidia Corp.’s 178% gain. The one stock with a claim on Vistra’s position on the S&P 500’s leaderboard is Palantir Technologies Inc., whose 350% gain comes with the caveat that it was only added to the S&P 500 in September.
The four best-performing S&P 500 utility stocks this year are all independent power producers — known as IPPs — that own nuclear generating facilities. After Vistra, those stocks are Constellation Energy, which has climbed 94%, followed by NRG Energy Inc., up 78%, and Entergy Corp., up 50%.
In September, Microsoft Corp. made a deal with Constellation to buy power from the Three Mile Island nuclear generating facility, immediately sending shares in the group higher. Similar deals signed by Amazon.com Inc. and expectations for more power purchases by tech giants have continued to propel the stocks higher.
The last utility name to outperform every other stock in the S&P 500 was AES Corp. in 2001, when defensive stocks were in demand after the dot-com collapse pushed the market down for a second year. A handful of companies adjacent to the power industry — like Enphase Energy — managed the feat in recent years, but none of them have been from the utility sector.
However, this year’s sharp rally also brings potential volatility that utility investors normally shy away from.
“We believe the opposite is likely to be true as well — IPPs are more vulnerable to downside if the rosy AI outlook doesn’t pan out,” said Nikki Hsu, Bloomberg Intelligence analyst.
Indeed, there are a few lonely bearish analysts on Vistra and on independent power producers more broadly.
“The market is too optimistic about Vistra’s long-term upside from energy demand growth,” Morningstar analyst Travis Miller wrote in a Dec. 4 note, adding that the shares are trading around three times higher than his $52 fair-value estimate. Miller has the lowest price target for the stock on the Street and has the only sell-equivalent rating on the stock, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
Still, forward price estimates of other sell-side analysts suggest the rally may have more room to run. Wall Street analysts covering the stock on average expect the shares to rally 16% over the next 12 months, which would then mark its fifth-straight year of gains.
“I think we’re probably in the second or third inning of this rally that we’re seeing in this space,” Pourreza said, adding that Vistra is his top pick for 2025.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
What Will Elon Musk Do in 2025?
How Elon Musk Took Over America
Two Things Bluesky Needs to Become the Ultimate Sports Companion
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
71,2024-12-31,"Led by Nvidia, the best Dow Jones stocks have far outpaced index's 13% gain."
72,2024-12-31,"This is a Techmeme archive page.
It shows how the site appeared at 8:35 AM ET, December 31, 2024.

The most current version of the site as always is available at our home page.
To view an earlier snapshot click here
and then modify the date indicated.
"
73,2024-12-31,"It reported revenue of $25.3 billion and adjusted earnings of $2.75 per share, compared to the consensus estimates of $25.4 billion and...
President Donald Trump on Thursday blamed the Federal Aviation Administration's “diversity push” in part for the plane collision that...
Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries enforcement agents cited a subject for alleged deer hunting violations in Jackson Parish...
Will Ferrell and Reese Witherspoon are engaged in a battle of bridal parties in Prime Video's comedy. Read the Empire review.
Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a...
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Journavx (suzetrigine) oral tablets on Thursday as a first-in-class non-opioid...
The Weeknd's latest blockbuster concert tour will bring him to Ford Field on May 24, the second night of his just-announced After Hours...
She's settled into a delightful era of senioritis on Wheel of Fortune. America isn't ready to let go. By Luke Winkie. Jan 31, 2025 ...
An innovator, showman and talented broadcaster, Dick Button leaves behind an almost immeasurable legacy on the sport of figure skating...
Armed conflicts and attacks

Business and economy

International relations

Politics and elections

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

Health and environment

Politics and elections

Science and technology


"
74,2024-12-31,"It reported revenue of $25.3 billion and adjusted earnings of $2.75 per share, compared to the consensus estimates of $25.4 billion and...
President Donald Trump on Thursday blamed the Federal Aviation Administration's “diversity push” in part for the plane collision that...
Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries enforcement agents cited a subject for alleged deer hunting violations in Jackson Parish...
Will Ferrell and Reese Witherspoon are engaged in a battle of bridal parties in Prime Video's comedy. Read the Empire review.
Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a...
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Journavx (suzetrigine) oral tablets on Thursday as a first-in-class non-opioid...
The Weeknd's latest blockbuster concert tour will bring him to Ford Field on May 24, the second night of his just-announced After Hours...
She's settled into a delightful era of senioritis on Wheel of Fortune. America isn't ready to let go. By Luke Winkie. Jan 31, 2025 ...
An innovator, showman and talented broadcaster, Dick Button leaves behind an almost immeasurable legacy on the sport of figure skating...
Armed conflicts and attacks

Business and economy

International relations

Politics and elections

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

Health and environment

Politics and elections

Science and technology


"
75,2024-12-31,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
Worksport ( (WKSP) ) just unveiled an announcement.
Discover the latest stocks recommended by top Wall Street analysts, all in one place with Analyst Top Stocks
Make smarter investments with weekly expert stock picks from the Smart Investor Newsletter
Worksport Ltd. reflected on a pivotal 2024, marked by significant growth and milestones such as U.S. manufacturing expansion and a 275% revenue increase. Looking ahead to 2025, the company plans product launches and strategic expansions to enhance market positioning, with projections of substantial revenue growth and initiatives like investing in crypto assets.
More about Worksport
Worksport Ltd. is a U.S.-based manufacturer and innovator in the hybrid and clean energy solutions sector, primarily focusing on the light truck, overlanding, and global consumer goods markets. The company designs and manufactures tonneau covers, solar integrations, and hydrogen-based energy solutions, aiming to capitalize on the shift towards clean energy with partnerships including Hyundai.
YTD Price Performance: -38.26%
Average Trading Volume: 1,522,959
Technical Sentiment Consensus Rating: Buy
Current Market Cap: $30.3M
Learn more about WKSP stock on TipRanks’ Stock Analysis page.
‘Highly Risky,’ Says Top Investor About MicroStrategy Stock
‘Wait for the Dip,’ Says Top Investor About Archer Aviation Stock
‘Hang on Tight,’ Says Top Investor About Apple Stock
Sign in to access your portfolio"
76,2024-12-31,"
					By Melanie Goodfellow 
Senior International Film Correspondent

	The French box office edged up by 0.5% year-on-year in 2024 hitting 181.3M admissions for an overall gross of roughly $1.36B, according to figures released by France’s National Cinema Centre (CNC).

	The body said that while the overall admissions figure for 2024 remained some 12.8% below pre-pandemic levels, the results were encouraging.

	It noted that the pre-pandemic gap had closed in the last eight months to 2.7%, and that the numbers were better than the U.S. and other comparable markets in Europe, such as the UK, which it said had seen a 1% drop in receipts, and Spain, where there had been a 7% year-on-year fall.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					First Image Of Omar Sy In Netflix Romantic Comedy 'French Lover' Revealed		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Disney+ Signs Landmark French Media Chronology Agreement In Return For Reduced Media Window		
			







	The body said the biggest cause for celebration was the performance of local movies, which accounted for 44% of admissions, in comparison to 36.7% for U.S. films.




			Watch on Deadline		






	This is the highest market share for French films since 2008 when Dany Boon hit Welcome To The Sticks and Asterix At The Olympic Games, propelled local movies to a 45.5% share, and far outstrips the 37.2 % pre-pandemic average.

	The top performing French films were surprise breakout title A Little Something Extra (10M entries), The Count Of Monte Cristo (9.1M), Beating Hearts (4.7M), Monsieur Aznavour (2M), Ooh La La! (1.9M), Open Season (1.9M) and The Marching Band (1.5M).

	The best performing U.S. picture was Vice-Versa 2, which drew 8.26M spectators, for a rough gross of $62M.

	Local arthouse fare also did well with awards season frontrunner and Cannes Jury Prize winner Emilia Pérez drawing 1M spectators, while François Ozon’s When Fall Is Coming sold more than 600K tickets.

	Other top achieving local indie titles included Cannes titles Souleymane’s Story and opening film The Second Act – which drew around 500,000 spectators each – and low budget breakouts Golo & Ritchie and rural drama Vingt-Deux, with more than 400,000 entries each.

	“Comparing these results with all those of comparable countries is the best proof of the artistic and industrial excellence of our model of cultural exception,” said acting CNC president Olivier Henrard.

	“It is the diversity and uniqueness of our works – spanning historical dramas, generational stories, musical films, social comedies, documentaries and animated films – that explains the rebound in overall attendance and an unrivaled market share for our national films in the world.”

	










Top Ten Films At French Box Office In 2024 (figs running up to 29/12/2024)

	Title/Admissions
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
77,2024-12-31,"Digital Trends may earn a commission when you buy through links on our site. Why trust us?
It’s not enough for a gaming laptop to look cool. You need a reliable PC with the best internal components, excellent battery life, and plenty of ways to connect with other devices, like an external monitor. And while there are numerous gaming laptop brands to choose from, we’ve always thought Dell’s lineup checks all the boxes. Fortunately, we also came across an awesome sale while looking through Dell laptop deals earlier today:
Right now, when you order the Dell G15 Gaming Laptop through the manufacturer, you’ll only end up paying $800. At full price, this model sells for $1,050. This laptop made it onto our list of the best gaming laptops of 2024, so it’s definitely worth your consideration.

This configuration of the Dell G15 comes with an AMD Ryzen 7 7840HS CPU that delivers max clock speeds of 5.1GHz, the Nvidia GeForce RTX 4050 GPU, 16GB of RAM, and 512GB of storage. Based on the internals alone, you can expect the G15 to deliver fast performance for even the most demanding single-player and online titles. And if 512GB of storage isn’t enough, we have a whole roundup of great SSD deals for you to check out!
The 15.6-inch FHD screen is the bright and colorful display you’ll be working with, which supports up to 1920 x 1080 resolution, a native 165Hz refresh rate, Nvidia G-Sync support, and 3ms response times. It may not be the fastest or fanciest screen on the market, but you’ll be able to enjoy nearly lag-free gameplay, plus a wide color gamut and solid contrast levels. There’s no shortage of ports on this machine either, so you’ll be able to connect USB flash drives and other laptop accessories.
The Dell G15 Gaming Laptop is always ready for action. The only thing you have to worry about is getting in on this sale before it vanishes. Take $250 off this phenomenal laptop when you order today, and feel free to take a look through our lists of the best gaming laptop deals and best Dell laptop deals for even more markdowns!

With the recent announcement of the Nvidia RTX 50-series of GPUs launching from the end of this month, we’re spotting some great gaming laptop deals for all things 40-series. While they may soon no longer be the latest hardware, they’re still going to offer exceptional gaming performance for a long time to come. One highlight is being able to buy the Acer Predator Helios 18 at Best Buy for $2,550 instead of $3,000. Packed with high-end hardware, here’s why it’s one of the best laptop deals around.
Why you should buy the Acer Predator Helios
The Acer Predator Helios is a supremely powerful gaming PC that is sure to rival pretty much all the best gaming laptops out there. It uses a 14th-generation Intel Core i9-14900HX processor along with packing 32GB of RAM and 1TB of SSD storage. If we were being picky, maybe more RAM or storage would have been perfect, but this is still pretty great. Alongside that, there’s a GeForce RTX 4090 GPU which is near impossible to beat (until the 50-series launches).
Best Buy often has many of the best laptop deals around, and that’s certainly the case today. Right now, you can buy the Asus ROG Zephyrus G16 OLED gaming laptop for $1,525. Normally priced at $2,000, this deal brings its price down to just $1,525, saving you $475 off its sticker price. It’s packed with great hardware, including a super sweet-looking OLED screen. One of the most tempting gaming laptop deals around, this is perfect for anyone short on space or keen to game on the move. Let’s take a look at what it has to offer.
Why you should buy the Asus ROG Zephyrus G16 16-inch gaming laptop
Considered to be one of the best gaming laptop brands around, the Asus ROG Zephyrus G16 16-inch gaming laptop highlights why the brand is so well respected. The laptop has an Intel Core Ultra 9 CPU along with 16GB of memory and 1TB of SSD storage. More memory would have been appreciated here, but it’s not a dealbreaker, given its price point.
Dell continues its reign of having some of the best gaming laptop deals around with a sizeable $400 off the Alienware m16 R2 gaming laptop right now. Normally costing $1,900, it’s down to just $1,500 right now — it’s the kind of gaming laptop I’m certainly tempted to add to my cart. If you’re in the market for a new and highly portable gaming laptop, keep reading and learn all about what it has to offer.
Why you should buy the Alienware m16 R2 gaming laptop
Alienware is one of the best gaming laptop brands, with its M-series being the most powerful range to choose from. That ethos is reflected in the Alienware m16 R2 gaming laptop, which packs a strong punch for this price. It has an Intel Core Ultra 7 155H processor along with 16GB of RAM and 1TB of SSD storage. It continues the trend of making us wish that 32GB of RAM was more standard, but otherwise, you can’t really fault this spec for the price.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks."
78,2024-12-31,"Oracle stock has slumped since its earnings earlier this month but nonetheless is set to close 2024 up 60%, its best performance since 1999."
79,2024-12-31,"We recently compiled a list of the 10 Firms Mirror Broader Market Downturn Ahead of 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Aurora..."
80,2024-12-31,"Bearish trading in bitcoin (BTC) markets continued late Monday as the asset briefly fell under $92,000 on profit-taking despite another mammoth MicroStrategy purchase, recovering to just over $92,800 as of Asian morning hours Tuesday.

Some traders expect the current price action to likely continue until February, weeks after president-elect Donald Trump takes office in the U.S. and sets into motion a barrage of policies that may help the market.""We are skeptical of any New Year fireworks especially with funding healthy,"" traders at Singapore-based QCP Capital said in a Telegram broadcast. ""January's average returns (+3.3%) are relatively similar to December's (+4.8%), and we could expect spot to remain in this range in the near-term before things start to pick from Feb onwards.""""Options flows are also reflecting similar sentiments with frontend vols drifting lower and risk-reversals most bid for Calls in March, partly due to significant March (120k-130k) Calls bought last Friday,"" they added. This means traders are betting on bitcoin prices going up in March. They're buying more call options (which profit if the stock rises) than put options. The cost of these options is going down, showing optimism for the March period.

BTC is on track to end December down 4%, its worst since 2021, as both retail investors and long-term holders cash out positions after a 117% yearly surge. Elsewhere, readings of the U.S. Chicago PMI indicate an economic slowdown, adding pressure on the market that tends to be correlated to such data.

In what looks to have been its final purchase of the year, Bitcoin development company MicroStrategy increased its BTC stash for the eighth consecutive week on Monday, adding another 2,138 BTC for $209 million in the week ended Dec. 29. That brought its total holdings to 446,400 BTC.

But news of the buying did little to stem losses. BTC prices slumped in the hours following MicroStrategy’s announcement, while shares of the company fell 8% to their lowest since early November.

The fall spread over to majors, with ether (ETH), XRP, Solana’s SOL and Cardano’s ADA falling as much as 3% before recovering. BNB Chain’s BNB was little changed, while memecoins dogecoin (DOGE) and shiba inu (SHIB) fell 5%.

The broad-based CoinDesk 20 (CD20), an index tracking the largest tokens by market capitalization, minus stablecoins, lost 2.7% in the past 24 hours.

Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) holding the asset recorded $420 million in outflows in their second-last day of trading ahead of the new year, data shows. Fidelity’s FBTC lost $154 million to lead outflows, followed by Grayscale’s GBTC at $130 million and BlackRock’s IBIT at $36 million.

The products have recorded more than $1.5 billion in net outflows since Dec. 19, pausing an impressive run in the first half of the month that saw nearly $2 billion in net inflows. Large outflows can reflect a shift in investor sentiment, possibly moving toward a more cautious or bearish outlook on bitcoin's short-term performance.

Shaurya is the Co-Leader of the CoinDesk tokens and data team in Asia with a focus on crypto derivatives, DeFi, market microstructure, and protocol analysis.


Shaurya holds over $1,000 in BTC, ETH, SOL, AVAX, SUSHI, CRV, NEAR, YFI, YFII, SHIB, DOGE, USDT, USDC, BNB, MANA, MLN, LINK, XMR, ALGO, VET, CAKE, AAVE, COMP, ROOK, TRX, SNX, RUNE, FTM, ZIL, KSM, ENJ, CKB, JOE, GHST, PERP, BTRFLY, OHM, 
BANANA, ROME, BURGER, SPIRIT, and ORCA.

He provides over $1,000 to liquidity pools on Compound, Curve, SushiSwap, PancakeSwap, BurgerSwap, Orca, AnySwap, SpiritSwap, Rook Protocol, Yearn Finance, Synthetix, Harvest, Redacted Cartel, OlympusDAO, Rome, Trader Joe, and SUN.
About
Contact
Policies"
81,2024-12-31,"“Well, this is an ingenious idea,” one person commented. 
READ MORE..."
82,2024-12-31,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the Top 20 Dividend Stocks of 2024. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stands against the other dividend stocks.
Macroeconomic factors have weighed on US stocks in the final days of the year, with the broader market declining by over 1% in the past week. Despite this post-Christmas slowdown, US financial markets are on the verge of closing out another exceptional year. The broader market index is projected to post a roughly 25% gain for 2024, marking the first back-to-back annual increases of more than 20% since 1997-1998. This strong performance has been supported by positive economic indicators, including resilient consumer spending and a robust labor market. Inflation, though still elevated, has shown consistent signs of moderation.
Improved economic data and easing inflation have also influenced the Federal Reserve’s policy shift this year. Anticipation of rate cuts contributed to market growth, with the central bank implementing its third rate reduction in 2024.
Dividend stocks have had a relatively weak performance this year, with the Dividend Aristocrats Index achieving a modest return of about 4%, widening the gap between its performance and that of the broader market. The index tracks the performance of companies that have raised their payouts for at least 25 consecutive years. However, investors shouldn't lose confidence in these results, as the value of dividend stocks becomes more apparent over the long term. A report by Franklin Templeton highlighted that, since 1926, dividends have accounted for nearly one-third of the total equity returns of US stocks. Additionally, from 1980 to 2019—a period marked by a sharp decline in interest rates—dividends contributed 75% to the market’s overall returns.
Investors are often drawn to dividend growth stocks because dividend payments are generally viewed as a sign of long-term commitment. Maintaining these payments demands profitability, strong returns, and consistent cash flow generation, making them a valuable indicator of a company’s quality. Businesses that regularly raise their dividends showcase their ability to consistently generate profits, which can also signal greater resilience during economic or market downturns. According to research, companies within the broader market that pay dividends have historically been more profitable compared to those that do not.
Reflecting investors' preference for dividend stocks, many US companies are increasing their payouts and implementing dividend policies. As of September 30, 2024, around 80% of companies in the Index paid dividends, a figure consistent with a decade ago. Notably, 24% of these dividend-paying companies now belong to the technology sector, a significant rise from 13% ten years earlier, as reported by Franklin Templeton. Other innovative industries, such as healthcare and industrials, have also seen growth in dividend payers.
This broader adoption of dividends has expanded the range of options for equity income investors, offering greater access to dynamic and high-growth companies. For instance, major tech companies that are market leaders have recently introduced dividends. Meanwhile, established tech giants demonstrate that dividend payments can coexist with innovation and reinvestment, proving that companies can excel at both.
For this list, we reviewed a selection of dividend stocks and identified those that have provided positive returns in 2024. From this group, we focused on companies offering yields above 2% as of December 30. We then narrowed down the list by selecting companies with the most hedge fund investments, based on Insider Monkey's Q3 2024 database. The stocks are arranged in ascending order of hedge funds having stakes in them.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points. (see more details here).
Aerial view of a major oil rig in the middle of the sea, pumping crude oil.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 86
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is an American multinational energy company. It described its Q3 performance as ""industry-leading"" and intends to keep investing in 2025 to sustain that position, while also continuing to buy back its stock to reward shareholders. For 2025, the company plans to increase capital investments to between $27 billion and $29 billion, alongside an additional $20 billion for share repurchases, which will reduce the number of shares in circulation, benefiting shareholders.
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) reported revenue of $90.02 billion in Q3 2024, exceeding analysts’ expectations by $1.66 billion. It remains a leader in carbon capture and storage, having secured a new agreement that increases its annual CO2 offtake commitments to 6.7 million metric tons, surpassing all its competitors in the sector. Exxon also demonstrated strong financial performance, generating $17.6 billion in operating cash flow and $11.3 billion in free cash flow for the quarter. Additionally, it returned $9.8 billion to shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks.
Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is renowned for its reliability as a dividend payer, having increased its payouts for 42 consecutive years. The company currently offers a quarterly dividend of $0.99 per share and has a dividend yield of 3.74%, as of December 30.
At the end of Q3 2024, 86 hedge funds in Insider Monkey’s database held stakes in Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM), compared with 92 in the previous quarter. The consolidated value of these stakes is roughly $7 billion. First Eagle Investment Management was one of the company’s leading stakeholders.
Overall XOM ranks 3rd on our list of the best dividend stocks of 2024. While we acknowledge the potential of XOM as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than XOM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock. 
 
READ NEXT: 8 Best Wide Moat Stocks to Buy Now and 30 Most Important AI Stocks According to BlackRock.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
83,2024-12-31,
84,2024-12-31,
85,2024-12-31,"Below is our list of the most notable career crashes of 2024, organized in alphabetical order. We have also compiled a list of the most notable career comebacks (read the full list here) featuring business leaders who, thanks to political alignments, stock comebacks and multimillion dollar investments are once again, back at the top. Readers may recognize names like Adam Neumann, who made our 2019 career crashes list, and Elon Musk, whose failure in leadership has earned him mentions in both the 2022 and 2023 lists.
US President Joe Biden looks down as he participates in the first presidential debate of the 2024 elections with former US President Donald Trump. (Photo by ANDREW CABALLERO-REYNOLDS/AFP via Getty Images)
After one term, the 82-year-old president will soon be moving out of the White House. Despite his enviable economic track record and impressive stock market performance, President Biden's re-election bid was mired in controversy as both voters and members of the Democratic party called for him to step down. A dismal performance in the year’s first presidential debate marked the beginning of the end for Biden. This led to Vice-President Kamala Harris stepping up as the Democratic presidential nominee and losing decisively.
Former Boeing CEO Dave Calhoun testifies during a Senate hearing on Boeing's broken safety culture, saying he's ""here to take responsibility."" (Photo by Andrew Harnik/Getty Images)
When Dave Calhoun testified in front of lawmakers in June over safety problems with the airplane maker’s fixture 737 Max, he started off by apologizing to the families of those killed in Boeing airplane crashes, before detailing the safety failures in its manufacturing process and admitting company whistleblowers were retaliated against. The 68-year-old CEO had by then already announced he’d be stepping down by the end of the year, but by July a new CEO, Kelly Ortberg, was already in charge.
Calhoun, who started his career at Boeing as a director and rose to be non-executive chairman, was brought in as CEO in 2020 to turn things around at Boeing following two deadly crashes that killed 346 people. But the company has continued to struggle with safety and manufacturing issues. During the first half of this year alone, a Boeing 737 Max 9 plane door blew open mid-flight in January, sparking Senate hearings, grounded flights and a Federal Aviation Administration audit that found that Boeing failed to comply with quality control requirements. A company whistleblower was found dead in March. By July, Calhoun had announced he would be retiring by years-end and the company pled guilty to one charge of defrauding the American government over safety issues in the 737 Max, though the deal was rejected by a Texas federal judge. Boeing’s woes have continued. Last weekend one of its 737-800 passenger jets operated by South Korea’s Jeju Air crashed as it was attempting to land.
Sean ""Diddy"" Combs has been hit with multiple allegations of sexual misconduct, including federal charges of sex trafficking and racketeering. (Photo by John Lamparski/WireImage)
Hip-hop mogul Sean Combs’, a.k.a. P. Diddy’s, career has crashed following a slew of sexual abuse and sex trafficking claims. Combs was first arrested in September after he was federally charged with sex trafficking, racketeering conspiracy and transportation to engage in prostitution in New York City. He pleaded not guilty, and appealed the decision multiple times. But Combs spent this Christmas in a federal jail in Brooklyn, where he will remain until his May trial date.
Just last year, the three-time Grammy-winner won MTV’s Global Icon Awards. At his peak, rap superstar Comb’s professional portfolio included the record label Bad Boy Records and several lifestyle businesses, including fashion and fragrance lines, a Ciroc vodka partnership and a TV network. All in all, Forbes estimated him to be worth $740 million in 2019. As of June, after paying for legal fees and the reputation hit to his brands, Forbes estimates his worth at  $400 million. 
The Republican congressman from Florida was poised to be Trump's next attorney general, but criticism over an ongoing investigation cost him his current and future jobs. (Photo by Nathan Howard/Getty Images)
Florida Representative Matt Gaetz, 42, was poised to be the top law enforcement officer in the country when president-elect Donald Trump nominated him for Attorney General of the United States. It was a big step-up for the former congressman, if short lived. His nomination was overshadowed by an ongoing House Ethics investigation over claims he had sex with a minor and illegal drug use. A week after, he withdrew from the nomination. The scandal didn’t stop there – the ethics committee released its report on Gaetz on December 23, where they found he paid underage girls for sex and bought illegal drugs. Gaetz resigned from the House last month after Trump’s nomination, and has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing.
Yet as much as his political career has crashed, Gaetz is now looking beyond Washington D.C. He’s getting his own show on the conservative One America News Network, a weeknight talk show starting in January.
Just one month after Dr. Claudine Gay, President of Harvard University, testified before the House Education and Workforce Committee on December 05, 2023, she resigned from her post. (Photo by Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images)
The former Harvard University president announced her resignation on January 2 after facing mounting pressure from lawmakers and university donors to step down or be fired. Gay’s handling of antisemitism on campus came under heavy fire during a tense congressional hearing on campus antisemitism in 2023, when a group of 72 House Republicans and two House Democrats demanded Harvard fire her “immediately.” Billionaires Bill Ackman and Len Blavatnik joined in on the call for her resignation, with Blavatnik putting a pause on his donations to the school. Gay also faced criticisms over allegations of plagiarism when conservative scholar Carol Swain accused Gay of stealing her work without an appropriate citation.
Gay––who was Harvard’s first Black president and only the second Black woman to lead an ivy league institution––took office two days after the Supreme Court struck down affirmative action for college admissions. Gay’s appointment itself was marred with allegations that she got the job because of her skin color. Despite the criticism she received, prominent activists came to Gay’s defense.
Emad Mostaque quickly grew Stability AI, the company behind text-to-image generator Stable Diffusion, into an AI juggernaut. But its growth was fueled by a web of exaggerations and misleading claims.
Emad Mostaque’s Stability AI was an early juggernaut, but thanks to mismanagement including wild overspending, Mostaque has lost virtually all control over the company he founded in 2019––Mostaque resigned as CEO in June and was bought out from being the majority shareholder in October.
Mostaque rose to fame after the company’s Stable Diffusion, a generative AI model that creates images, videos and even music out of text, became an early hit with AI users. But his startup’s rise was built on a series of exaggerations and misleading claims that continued after he raised $100 million at a $1 billion valuation for Stability Diffusion. Employees and investors lost confidence in Mostaque's leadership after a series of failed promises to build bespoke AI models for nation states, false claims that it had special deals with companies like Amazon and a disastrous meeting with Nvidia’s Jensen Huang. Plus, there was also what former employees called his lax approach to preventing the tool from producing such things as child sexual abuse imagery. Ultimately, his start-up ran out of money and key researchers tendered their resignations.
The former CEO of Intel Corporation Pat Gelsinger holds up a semiconductor as he testifies during a hearing before Senate Committee on Commerce, Science. (Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images)
After 3.5 years of continued underperformance, Pat Gelsinger is out as Intel’s CEO. While Intel’s chipmaker rivals Nvidia and AMD have cashed-in on the artificial intelligence boom, Intel has been lagging behind. In October, during what would turn out to be Gelsinger’s last earnings call, the company reported a staggering $16.6 billion in net loss, much higher than the $1 billion analysts forecast and its largest quarterly loss ever. Gelsinger also oversaw Intel’s worst day on Wall Street in 50 years, when it suspended its dividend and announced a 15% workforce reduction over the summer.
To make matters worse, analysts are projecting Intel to report its first annual loss since 1986 this year, and a group of Intel shareholders are now suing Gelsinger over mismanagement of Intel Foundry, the chipmaking unit the company spun-off into a subsidiary in September, and are demanding three years of salary backpay.
Karen Lynch was one of the most powerful women in the world last year as she headed CVS Health. But after a year of declining sales and a struggling insurance business, Lynch is out. (Photo by Craig F. Walker/The Boston Globe via Getty Images)
One of the most powerful women in American business is out. The former boss of CVS was also the highest-ranked female CEO of a Fortune 500 company, measured by sales, and was ranked 6th on Forbes 2023 list of Most Powerful Women. But declining sales, a struggling health insurance business and slowing retail pharmacy purchases have caused the stock to hit an over 10-year low. Wall Street investors were already losing confidence in Lynch’s leadership by August, following a period of consistently downgrading earnings expectations. By October, Lynch had stepped down as CEO. She’s been replaced by pharmacy benefits executive David Joyner.
Lynch’s leadership skills and hiring expertise have also taken a hit as seven C-suite executives, all of whom she brought on in Februrary 2021 upon taking the helm of CVS, left in the spring of 2023.
Dan Schneider, producer and showrunner of Nickelodeon TV shows ""Zoey 101"" and ""Victorious"" was accused of running a toxic work environment in a new documentary limited series ""Quiet on Set."" (Photo by Lawrence K. Ho/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images)
Nickelodeon producer Dan Schneider came under heavy criticism after a March docuseries by Investigation Discovery, “Quiet on Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV,’’ revealed a number of allegations over a toxic workplace culture. The show interviewed former child stars and crew members who allege the producer behind hit shows like “Zoey 101” and “iCarly” ran a toxic workplace and was inappropriate with young actors. Schneider apologized for his behavior, but has since sued Warner Bros and the producers of the film for defamation, stating that the documentary’s analysis of the workplace were a “hit job” and had falsely stated or implied that he “sexually abused the children who worked on his television shows.” Schneider’s latest piece of work––a movie based on the Nickelodeon TV series he created “Henry Danger”––is set to come out on January 17th, but he’s not announced any new projects.
Carlos Tavares former CEO of the automaker Stellantis, abruptly resigned in December as the company struggled with profits. (Photo by Vincent Isore/IP3/Getty Images)
The former Stellantis CEO abruptly resigned in December over differences with his board, according to his departure announcement. Tavares had been head of the Italian-American automaker, which owns key brands including Jeep, Ram and Chrysler since January 2021, when he led a merger with French automaker PSA Group and Fiat Chrysler. Tavares admits he made “arrogant mistakes” during his tenure in the U.S. market, including cost cuts and hiking Jeep and Citroen base prices. Tavares was criticized by executives, partners and his own employees for being too focused on short-term profit margins to the detriment of relationships with suppliers, unions and dealers, according to CNBC.
Tavares’ profits-first focus led to multiple workforce reductions and a strained relationship with its unionized workers. In September the United Auto Workers union threatened to strike, alleging the automaker was not fulfilling terms of its 2023 labor contract, a move which the company denied. Stellantis has cut at least 2,500 jobs this year, including letting go of 400 facility workers in Detroit, 2,450 in Michigan and offering voluntary buyouts to its salaried workforce. Shortly before resigning, Tavares announced Stellantis would lay off 1,100 Ohio Jeep plant employees, a move that has since been rolled back by the company."
86,2024-12-31,
87,2024-12-31,No cost cutting here: Samsung's rumored Galaxy Z Flip FE could use the same display as the flagship Galaxy Z Flip 6
88,2024-12-31,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
(Bloomberg) — For all the exuberance about Tesla Inc. (TSLA) benefiting from Donald Trump’s return to the White House, Wall Street isn’t so sure the carmaker can avoid its first annual sales decline in over a decade.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Migrant Crisis Pushed US Homelessness to Record High in 2024
Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg are estimating the company may deliver around 510,400 vehicles in the final three months of the year. That would set a new quarterly record for Tesla, but the company would need to sell about 4,600 more cars to make good on its forecast for slight growth in 2024.
Tesla has a lot riding on the production and delivery figures it’s expected to report on Jan. 2.
The carmaker added more than $733 billion in market capitalization from Election Day through mid-December, when its valuation peaked at $1.54 trillion. While investors have been betting Musk’s emergence as the marquee donor to President-elect Trump will pay dividends for his companies, an annual sales dip could lead to some second-guessing.
Trump’s policy prescriptions are, after all, far from a slam dunk for Tesla. While a federal framework for autonomous vehicle deployment is cause for optimism, it’s not clear the company’s technology is ready. Trump’s advisers also are recommending that he repeal electric-vehicle subsidies and roll back fuel-economy and tailpipe-pollution regulations that generate significant revenue for Tesla.
“This number is a total wild card,” Gene Munster, managing partner of growth-investment firm Deepwater Asset Management, said of Tesla’s fourth-quarter deliveries. Munster is wary about Musk distancing himself from politically left-leaning consumers and embracing fans of Trump, who haven’t been buying EVs. That said, the prospect of tax credits going away soon could “really juice” Tesla’s sales, he said.
Musk has maintained throughout the year that Tesla is between two “growth waves” and repeatedly predicted that autonomy will lead to a next leg of expansion. The first touched off when the company began rolling out its most affordable EV, the Model 3 sedan, and followed that up with the smash-hit Model Y sport utility vehicle.
Whether Tesla manages to eke out any growth or not in 2024, the company lost significant momentum in the midst of a broader slowdown in the global EV market.
Even as China’s BYD Co. continued its ascent up the sales charts, the company increasingly relied on the strength of its plug-in hybrid lineup. Volkswagen AG, Mercedes-Benz Group AG and Volvo Car AB, meanwhile, were among the automakers to scale back their EV objectives for the coming years at some point in 2024.
In the US, Ford Motor Co.’s plug-in vehicle business is bracing for a $5 billion annual loss. And in Japan, a potential partnership between Honda Motor Co. and Nissan Motor Co. to jointly work on software development, batteries and other EV components has given way to considerations of a full-blown combination under a joint holding company.
Even against this backdrop, Musk has offered an upbeat view on 2025. When Tesla last reported quarterly earnings in October, the CEO said his best guess was that the company could increase sales by 20% to 30% next year.
That outlook rests, in part, on Tesla launching more affordable models in the first half of next year that the company has yet to identify.
Chris McNally, an analyst at Evercore ISI, wrote in a report to clients Monday that his best guess is Tesla will offer new variants of the Model 3 and Y that are $4,000 to $5,000 cheaper through an improved electrical architecture and “de-contenting,” a reference to using lower-cost parts or removing certain components or features.
Tesla has already gotten a jump on its affordability drive by closing the year with a flood of deals, ranging from cut-rate financing to years of free charging and cheaper leases.
Musk’s 2025 sales growth forecast “is likely to prove aggressive,” according to Garrett Nelson, an analyst at CFRA Research.
“We see headwinds facing EV sales from the possible combination of a stronger dollar, higher domestic oil production from easing regulations, and lower oil prices,” Nelson wrote in a Dec. 2 report. “After a year in which Tesla’s vehicle sales growth will likely be flattish, we see its volumes growing only 10%-15% in 2025, or only half as strong as its guidance.”
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
How Elon Musk Took Over America
Phil Knight Is Using His Nike Fortune to Make Oregon a Football Powerhouse
Two Things Bluesky Needs to Become the Ultimate Sports Companion
©2024 Bloomberg L.P.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
89,2024-12-31,"It reported revenue of $25.3 billion and adjusted earnings of $2.75 per share, compared to the consensus estimates of $25.4 billion and...
President Donald Trump on Thursday blamed the Federal Aviation Administration's “diversity push” in part for the plane collision that...
Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries enforcement agents cited a subject for alleged deer hunting violations in Jackson Parish...
Will Ferrell and Reese Witherspoon are engaged in a battle of bridal parties in Prime Video's comedy. Read the Empire review.
Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a...
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Journavx (suzetrigine) oral tablets on Thursday as a first-in-class non-opioid...
The Weeknd's latest blockbuster concert tour will bring him to Ford Field on May 24, the second night of his just-announced After Hours...
She's settled into a delightful era of senioritis on Wheel of Fortune. America isn't ready to let go. By Luke Winkie. Jan 31, 2025 ...
An innovator, showman and talented broadcaster, Dick Button leaves behind an almost immeasurable legacy on the sport of figure skating...
Armed conflicts and attacks

Business and economy

International relations

Politics and elections

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

Health and environment

Politics and elections

Science and technology


"
90,2024-12-31,Why Wall Street Sees 40% Upside for AMD Stock by 2025
91,2024-12-31,
92,2024-12-31,"Getty
Year-end is a time for holiday cheer, introspection, and Wall Street strategist predictions for the market. As I try to emphasize to my clients, these analyst projections are nothing more than guesses, wishful thinking, and marketing. They should not be viewed as investment advice.
A more practical outlook for 2025 is to focus on events that have a high probability of coming to fruition. Preparing mentally and positioning your portfolio accordingly will help set folks up for financial success in the year-ahead. Below are predictions that will likely occur.
1) There WILL be unpleasant news: When bad things happen, the media loves to drum it up. After all, negativity attracts many more clicks than positive news. More eyeballs mean more ad revenue. It’s a simple business model. The financial media is no different than traditional news outlets. The talking heads will repeat the same bad inflation numbers or stock market declines ad nauseum until there is a fresh piece of negative news they can share with their audience.
Investors should remember that despite what is happening in the world, the markets and humankind have always prevailed. Obsessing over every scary headline will not change that reality. Stay optimistic and, in time, life and your portfolio will get better. They always do.
2) There WILL be major global events that nobody predicted: Record high inflation, war, a global pandemic, the implosion of a cryptocurrency, a global pandemic and so on. There are many things that will take place in 2025 that are unpredictable. These may be negative events, like I just mentioned. It may also be positive news, like a strong economy and a record-setting year in the stock market. It’s not the investor’s job to foresee these big events. That’s impossible. Rather, investors should focus on structuring their portfolio to withstand whatever awaits them and keep their emotions at bay. Doing so will position investors for long-term financial success.
3) Your know-it-all brother-in-law/friend WILL have a great investment opportunity that they can get you access to: The question I receive most is whether someone should participate in an opportunity suggested by someone close to them. The answer is almost always NO. Envy and speculation are two things that keep the world turning. This won’t change. In social settings, whether it’s on the golf course or a dinner with friends, it is common for people to want to share their investment winners, while conveniently leaving out the losers. These stories make others jealous. It’s important to remember that you don’t need “access” to anything special to achieve your goals. Your process should be boring, plain vanilla, and consistent over time. If your strategy represents that level of dullness, then you are likely to minimize your mistakes and build wealth overtime. Don’t let anyone with a hot deal try to convince you otherwise.
4) Your know-it-all brother-in-law/friend WILL tell you what you should be doing with your personal finances: Remember, personal finance is PERSONAL. What may be sensible for your brother-in-law, may not be relevant to you. The cornerstone of any investment strategy is to lay out your specific goals. Once you define what those are, you can develop a strategy to achieve them. Your brother-in-law may have different objectives, financial circumstances, or lifestyle preferences than you. These differences may necessitate a different strategy. You should look out for your own self-interest and your brother-in-law should look out for his. Someone else’s strategy usually does not make sense for you and your family.
5) You will NOT get a pass on math: This is one of those timeless rules that always holds true. It’s worth repeating again every year since it’s foundational to prudently managing your finances. In 2025, if you cannot afford something, then you shouldn’t buy it. If you really want to buy it, then you need to cut something else from your lifestyle to be able to afford it. Taking out loads of debt is never the right approach. For retirees, if your spending rate is too high, you will increase your probability of outliving your money. For younger folks, you may never be able to retire if you can’t appreciate this concept. Delayed gratification and discipline are not easy, but they are the tried-and-true path to financial success.
6) If you plan on making “tactical” moves with your portfolio it will likely NOT work out: Tactical portfolio shifts are synonymous with trying to time the market. You may get lucky over a short period of time. However, this strategy will not work over the long-term. Your portfolio should be structured based on your time horizon, risk tolerance, goals, and personal financial situation. It should not be repositioned because an investment strategist pontified on how 2025 will have different “investment themes” than 2024. Wall Street strategist are just as clueless to the new year’s investment themes as the rest of us Stay the course and rebalance your portfolio when necessary. Anything more than that is too much.
7) Many of the predictions by Wall Street thought leaders will NOT be correct, but my advice will be on point: This may seem overconfident, but my job is easier than a market strategist’s. I am not trying to predict the future with any great degree of accuracy. After all, specific stock or market performance is anyone’s guess. Instead, I focused on human behavior that has been consistent throughout time.
Thankfully, the recipe for financial success is no secret and doesn’t require prophetic abilities. The formula to build and maintain wealth is to spend less than you make and invest your savings in a prudent and sensible manner. If you repeat this process for decades, it will lead to building a meaningful level of wealth in the future. Everything else is just noise.
In the meantime, the most insightful remark regarding predictions came from baseball player Yogi Berra who said: “It’s tough to make predictions, especially about the future.”

Securities offered through Kestra Investment Services, LLC (Kestra IS), member FINRA/SIPC. Investment Advisory Services offered through Kestra Advisory Services, LLC (Kestra AS), an affiliate of Kestra IS. ParkBridge Wealth Management is not affiliated with Kestra IS or Kestra AS. Investor Disclosures: https://www.kestrafinancial.com/disclosures."
93,2024-12-31,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
When we invest, we're generally looking for stocks that outperform the market average. And the truth is, you can make significant gains if you buy good quality businesses at the right price. To wit, the Ramelius Resources share price has climbed 53% in five years, easily topping the market return of 21% (ignoring dividends). However, more recent returns haven't been as impressive as that, with the stock returning just 26% in the last year, including dividends.
So let's investigate and see if the longer term performance of the company has been in line with the underlying business' progress.
 Check out our latest analysis for Ramelius Resources 
To quote Buffett, 'Ships will sail around the world but the Flat Earth Society will flourish. There will continue to be wide discrepancies between price and value in the marketplace...' One imperfect but simple way to consider how the market perception of a company has shifted is to compare the change in the earnings per share (EPS) with the share price movement.
Over half a decade, Ramelius Resources managed to grow its earnings per share at 38% a year. This EPS growth is higher than the 9% average annual increase in the share price. So one could conclude that the broader market has become more cautious towards the stock. This cautious sentiment is reflected in its (fairly low) P/E ratio of 11.04.
You can see below how EPS has changed over time (discover the exact values by clicking on the image).
We know that Ramelius Resources has improved its bottom line lately, but is it going to grow revenue? This free report showing analyst revenue forecasts should help you figure out if the EPS growth can be sustained.
When looking at investment returns, it is important to consider the difference between total shareholder return (TSR) and share price return. The TSR is a return calculation that accounts for the value of cash dividends (assuming that any dividend received was reinvested) and the calculated value of any discounted capital raisings and spin-offs. Arguably, the TSR gives a more comprehensive picture of the return generated by a stock. As it happens, Ramelius Resources' TSR for the last 5 years was 66%, which exceeds the share price return mentioned earlier. This is largely a result of its dividend payments!
It's nice to see that Ramelius Resources shareholders have received a total shareholder return of 26% over the last year. Of course, that includes the dividend. That gain is better than the annual TSR over five years, which is 11%. Therefore it seems like sentiment around the company has been positive lately. In the best case scenario, this may hint at some real business momentum, implying that now could be a great time to delve deeper. While it is well worth considering the different impacts that market conditions can have on the share price, there are other factors that are even more important. Take risks, for example - Ramelius Resources has   1 warning sign   we think you should be aware of.
Of course, you might find a fantastic investment by looking elsewhere. So take a peek at this free list of companies we expect will grow earnings.
Please note, the market returns quoted in this article reflect the market weighted average returns of stocks that currently trade on Australian exchanges.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
94,2024-12-31,"Rhode Glazing Milk
Skin can feel particularly fragile this time of year thanks to harsher weather conditions, dry indoor heat and fluctuating temperatures. When the skin barrier is compromised your complexion can feel dry, tight and flushed making it a challenge to find the right winter beauty routine. To calm sensitive skin, dermatologists recommend searching out products with a short ingredient list. Board-certified dermatologist and Mohs surgeon Dr. Dendy Engelman at Shafer Clinic in NYC recommends a gentle routine to cleanse, sooth and nourish, featuring ingredients such as ceramides, aloe vera, niacinamide, squalene and calendula.
While going back to basics can feel a bit boring especially for the skincare obsessive, this doesn’t mean you need to eschew serums or toners. Dr. Dendy for instance recommends a cleanser, toner, serum, cream and SPF. She does recommend avoiding anything with salcylic acid that can strip the skin barrier and zap moisture. Toners and serums should focus on locking in moisture and providing lots of hydration to parched skin.
Two popular brands that are often recommended are affordable drugstore brands Cerave and Avene. Why are they so popular? These brands prioritize hypoallergenic, non-comedogenic, fragrance-free formulations. Notes Engelmen,
”Many of these products contain cermaides that reduce inflammation as well as strengthen and retain moisture in the skin barrier. To soothe skin they often integrate aloe vera or calming botanicals.”
We’ve rounded up an eclectic mix of high and low options that include tried and true favorites but also some newer-to-market finds designed to soothe angry sensitized skin and build up that compromised skin barrier.
CeraVe Foaming Oil Cleanser
Cerave Foaming Oil Cleanser
This new oil cleanser with ceramides helps to lock in moisture and maintain the skin’s protective barrier. It also feature squalane oil, triglyceride, and hyaluronic acid all ingredients known to encourage skin’s hydration levels.
Drunk Elephant Mello Marula Cream Cleanser
Drunk Elephant Mello Marula Cream Cleanser 
An ultra-gentle, low-lather cream cleanser that calms and balances skin with colloidal oatmeal to reduce redness and omega-rich marula seed oil to add elasticity to the skin barrier. The vanilla fruit extract present in the formula provides antioxidant benefits and a pleasantly sweet scent. All Drunk Elephant products are 100% free of essential oils, silicones, dyes, solvent alcohols, and sulfate surfactants.
Rhode Glazing Milk
Rhode Glazing Milk
There is nothing quite like this on the market, this milky essence boasts a skin identical lipid complex to soothe redness and plump skin. Even gentle cleansing can cause sensitive skin to react and this calms everything down. The formula also contains beta glucan, an antioxidant-rich humectant to encourage skin to retain moisture.
In Fiore Vitale Toning Floral Essence

In Fiore Vitale Toning Floral Essence
Julie Elliot, the founder of In Fiore has been crafting her floral-infused high-end skincare formulas for over 20 years. She uses only the highest-quality raw materials, so this aloe-vera-based toner really soothes. It also contains marshmallow root known to calm irritated skin. As a bonus, the light floral scent could be a perfume it is that lovely.
SkinMedica TNS Advanced Serum
SkinMedica’s TNS® Advanced+ Serum 
Epidermal Growth Factors (EGF) has been such a rising and buzzy ingredient in the past few years. It’s a non-irritating retinol alternative that stimulates cell growth and collagen production, similarly to retinol. It’s a really incredible anti-aging ingredient for those with sensitive skin that cannot tolerate strong actives.
The Ordinary Soothing and Barrier Support Serum
The Ordinary Soothing & Barrier Support Serum 
This is a really great option because it combines ingredients such as vitamin B12, bisabolol, ceramide and niacinamide that not only hydrate the skin but also work synergistically to soothe the skin and reduce redness.
La Roche Posay Hyalu B5 Pure Hyaluronic Acid Serum
La Roche-Posay’s Hyalu B5 Pure Hyaluronic Acid Serum 
A hydrating serum that combines a concentrated hyaluronic acid, madecassoside and vitamin B5 to hydrate and plump the skin. This serum is great for targeting wrinkles, fine lines and dehydrated skin.
SkinCeuticals Phyto Corrective Gel
 Skinceuticals Phyto Corrective Gel 
A soothing calming gel created with botanical extracts such as cucumber, olive, thyme, mulberry and eucalyptus to soothe and nourish inflamed skin.
Kiehl's Ultra Facial Cream
Kiehl’s Ultra Facial Cream
This is a cult classic for a reason, one is sold every 30 seconds in the USA. The rich formula melts into skin and works well with nearly any serum or toner. Its top three ingredients include water, glycerin and squalane. Glycerin and squalane are a dynamic duo in the skincare world as the former is a humectant that attracts moisture from the air, while the latter is a powerful emollient that helps keep that moisture deep within the skin’s layers.
Avene Cicalfate+ Restorative Protective Cream
Avene’s Cicalfate+ Restorative Protective Cream 
Dr. Dendy loves that this cream is so gentle it can be used on children. She notes, “It’s formulated with a postbiotic extract to help heal and support a healthy microbiome—the skin’s ecosystem that protects against pathogens, reduces inflammation and strengthens the skin barrier.”
Vanicream Moisturizing Cream
Vanicream Moisturizing Skin Cream
This is THE hydrator dermatologists recommend for those senstive skin types that can’t seem to tolerate any skincare brand, great for treating any myriad of sensitive skin conditions including eczema, mild rosacea and winter itch. Vanicream has been awarded the Eczema Association’s seal of acceptance. It’s petroleum based but also boasts soothing ceramides and the humectant beta glucan.
Ultra Facial Advanced Repair Barrier Cream
Kiehl’s Ultra Facial Advanced Barrier Repair Cream
Formulated with colloidal oatmeal and beta-glucan, this potent formula is equipped with an Advanced Barrier Technology that mimics skin’s lipid structure to help support the moisture barrier and reduce redness. The brand claims it helps to relieve skin dryness up to 10 surface skin layers deep to support skin barrier recovery. Like Vanicream, Ultra Facial Advanced Repair Barrier Cream has received the National Eczema Association's Seal of Acceptance
Isdin Eryfotona Actinica Ultralight Emulsion SPF 50
Isdin Eryfotona Actinica Ultralight Emulsion SPF 50
A zinc oxide-based sunscreen is preferred over chemical sunscreens due to zinc oxide’s natural anti-inflammatory properties. Zinc oxide is a key ingredient in most infant diaper creams so its ultra gentle. For oilier sensitive skin types Isdin sunscreens are the ideal option. Super lightweight and ideal for daily use, this formula also contains DNA repairsomes which are naturally occurring enzymes that are clinically proven to repair existing sun damage.
Alastin Silkshield All Mineral Sunscreen
Alastin Silkshield All Mineral Sunscreen
A bit more moisturizing than the Isdin and also boasting some heavy duty anti-aging benefits thanks to Alastin’s patented TriHex technology that works with the skin to remove damaged elastin and collagen and replace it with healthy cells. Provides protection from UVA/UVB, IR rays, pollution, and blue light with a nearly 20 percent zinc oxide content.

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
95,2024-12-31,"While Nvidia may lack competition at the high-end when it announces its RTX 5000 series, if you're content with performance equivalent to its current RTX 4080 then AMD's RX 9700 XT could be just what you're looking for and hopefully for a lot less cash too.
Like Nvidia, AMD is expected to make some significant announcements in January, such as the Ryzen 9 9950X3D and 9900X3D - it's final two 3D V-Cache Zen 5 processors following in the wake of the excellent Ryzen 7 9800X3D. It will also be announcing its next generation graphics cards with the Radeon RX 9070 XT expected to take center stage. However, this is a launch with a difference and here's everything we know about it so far ahead of the expected announcement at January's CES event in Las Vegas.
This could be AMD's reference design for the Radeon RX 9070 XT

AMD is struggling with graphics card market share and has been for a while despite its models often offering better value than Nvidia and in some cases more longevity too thanks to more memory. However, the fact is that Nvidia is utterly dominant in sales and Steam's Hardware Survey is good proof of this. To combat Nvidia's dominance, AMD has decided to do something it's done once or twice in the past and focus on the mid-range and ignore the high-end gaming GPU space, saving development costs and hopefully being in a better position to offer decent competition and better value in higher volume areas of the market.
Current rumors point at RTX 4080-level performance for the Radeon RX 9070 XT, which will be the AMD flagship for its RDNA 4 architecture on desktop gaming PCs. This would mean that the current RX 7900 XTX is likely to remain the most powerful option for AMD seeing as it often outperforms the RTX 4080 and has a lot more memory too.
This makes sense for AMD as it's only the richest gamers that can afford the huge price tags of flagship graphics cards and it's the same reason Intel has aimed low in terms of pricing with its new ARC B580 graphics card. The reality is the vast majority of gamers own graphics cards that cost less than $600 so if AMD can offer great value here, market share will surely follow, especially given rumors of high pricing for Nvidia's RTX 5000 series.
Little is known about AMD's new RDNA 4 models, but we're fairly certain the RX 9070 XT will be joined at launch or shortly after by an RX 9700. Sensibly, AMD is apparently opting for 16GB of VRAM on the card according to regular leaker @momomo_us via Club386, which matches the RTX 5080. As discussed on that website, though, there's no indication of the type of memory AMD will use.
Nvidia is using fast GDDR7 memory with the RTX 5000 series, but AMD could opt for cheaper GDDR6 with the RX 9000 series to focus on value, which does seem to be a recurring theme. That continue with the card rumored to be using the current PCIe 4.0 interface rather than PCIe 5.0 according to rumors and current specification tables. While modern motherboards support PCIe 5.0, there's little to be gained currently by using it, especially with what will essentially be an upper mid-range graphics card.
While Nvidia is sticking with its 16-pin 12VPWR connector with the RTX 5000 series, AMD is reportedly sticking with the traditional 8-pin power connector. This is good news for owners of old power supplies, most of which lack native 12VPWR connectors, although adaptors are usually included with graphics cards that use the new connector. It would likely cost AMD more to develop cards around the new connector, though, so if value and market share are its main goals, opting for the usual 8-pin connector is sensible.
While Nvidia is sticking with its 16-pin 12VPWR connector with the RTX 5000 series, AMD is reportedly sticking with the traditional 8-pin power connector. This is good news for owners of old power supplies, most of which lack native 12VPWR connectors, although adaptors are usually included with graphics cards that use the new connector. It would likely cost AMD more to develop cards around the new connector, though, so if value and market share are its main goals, opting for the usual 8-pin connector is sensible.
Tech website Videocardz claims that AMD will have software feature announcements in addition to the hardware side at CES in January with FSR 4 coming at the same time as the RX 9070 XT announcement.
I'll be covering the hardware launches in January so follow me here on Forbes using the blue button below, Facebook or YouTube to get the latest news and reviews.

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
96,2024-12-31,"From artificial intelligence and data analytics to cloud computing and cybersecurity, the demand for ... [+] tech-savvy professionals continues to soar across sectors.
As we stand on the cusp of a new year, the job market continues to evolve at an unprecedented pace, driven by technological advancements and shifting economic realities. In this dynamic environment, professionals across all industries are recognizing the critical importance of upskilling and reskilling to remain competitive and relevant.
The coming year presents a golden opportunity to invest in yourself by acquiring the in-demand skills that employers are actively seeking, ensuring you're well-positioned for career growth and new opportunities in an increasingly digital and automated world.
The rapid acceleration of digital transformation, catalyzed by recent global events, has reshaped the way businesses operate and the skills they require from their workforce. From artificial intelligence and data analytics to cloud computing and cybersecurity, the demand for tech-savvy professionals continues to soar across sectors.
As traditional job roles evolve and new positions emerge, the ability to learn and adapt quickly has become a critical asset in itself. By proactively developing these in-demand hard skills, you not only enhance your marketability but also position yourself to thrive in the face of future disruptions and opportunities in the job market.
AI and machine learning are becoming indispensable skills in the job market, with their importance growing exponentially across industries. The demand for AI-related skills is 3.5 times higher than the average job skill, reflecting the rapid integration of these technologies in various sectors, a PwC report revealed.
This surge in demand is driven by the transformative potential of AI and ML in the workplace. This fast-emerging technology is expected to automate up to 300 million jobs in the United States and Europe, according to investment bank Goldman Sachs, while simultaneously creating 97 million new roles that require advanced technical skills, as predicted by the World Economic Forum. This shift is not just about job displacement; it's about job evolution. Companies adopting AI are planning to expand their workforce, with 91% of firms integrating AI aiming to increase their employee numbers by 2025.
Cloud computing skills will remain in high demand, as the industry continues its explosive growth and transformation of business operations across sectors. Gartner forecasts global end-user cloud spending to reach $723 billion in 2025, a 21.5% increase from the previous year.
The rise of generative AI and the need for integrated platforms are accelerating cloud adoption, with 90% of organizations projected to have hybrid cloud deployments by 2027. As organizations continue to migrate their applications and workloads to the cloud, with 48% planning to move at least half of their applications within a year, proficiency in cloud computing will be crucial for professionals looking to stay relevant in the rapidly evolving job market of 2025.
Cybersecurity skills are highly coveted, as the digital landscape faces unprecedented threats and skyrocketing costs associated with cybercrimes. By 2025, global cybercrime costs are projected to reach a staggering $10.5 trillion annually, according to a report by Cybercrime Magazine.
This surge in cybercrime is accompanied by a severe shortage of qualified professionals in the field. The cybersecurity job market is expected to grow by 33% between 2023 and 2033, with an estimated 3.5 million unfilled cybersecurity positions worldwide by the end of 2025. This talent gap is further exacerbated by the rapid evolution of cyber threats, with encrypted threats increasing by 92% in 2024 and malware rising by 30% in the first half of the same year.
Businesses are increasingly relying on transforming unstructured data into actionable insights to drive growth, improve user satisfaction and maintain a competitive edge in the market. The demand for data analytics expertise is surging across industries, with trends like AI-enhanced analytics, natural language processing and advanced data visualization reshaping how organizations leverage their data assets.
As organizations grapple with the challenges of data quality and governance, professionals skilled in ensuring data integrity and implementing effective data strategies will be in high demand, making data analysis an essential skill.
In today's digital landscape, businesses are leveraging online social platforms to connect with and engage their target audiences and customers.
With global digital ad spending projected to surpass $740 billion in 2024, and over 5 billion social media users worldwide, proficiency in digital marketing strategies will be crucial for professionals looking to thrive in the competitive job market.

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
