,date,content
0,2026-07-24,"Disney Lorcana: Attack of the Vine is out now, but secondary market prices are sky-high. Check current stock, MSRP breakdowns, and where to buy."
1,2026-07-24,"Nearly two years after Robert F. Kennedy Jr. vowed to end the FDA's ""war"" on peptides, he has convened an unusual FDA advisory committee.
A panel is meeting this week to weigh the future of several popular peptides — including trendy compounds prized for injury recovery, fat loss, and sleep that the FDA has banned.
Unlike a typical FDA panel, several members make their living prescribing, researching, or selling peptide therapies, raising questions about how the debate will unfold.
The compounds under review aren't GLP-1 drugs or insulin — both FDA-approved peptides. These are lesser-studied injections that have gained traction in fitness and wellness circles.
Under Kennedy's leadership, this team of doctors, peptide sellers, and pharmaceutical experts is evaluating seven compounds that the FDA recently barred pharmacies from compounding in the US.
On the first day of the meeting, July 23, the panel voted to approve the ever-popular ""wolverine"" shot, BPC-157, marketed for speedy recovery and wound healing. Others being discussed during the two-day meeting include TB-500 (touted for wound healing) and epitalon (ostensibly a hack for insomnia).
Here's a breakdown of the big issues and power players you need to know to wrap your head around the fiery debate.
Try a
                                  Level Up action pack.
Build a simple, steady morning ritual that supports energy, recovery, and the long game.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Peptides are an incredibly broad category of substances.
At the most basic level, they're signaling molecules that aren't long enough to be considered proteins. Our bodies produce thousands of peptides every day.
Insulin, GLP-1 drugs, and the growth hormone tesamorelin are all peptides that are already FDA-approved to treat certain conditions.
There is also a gray market of peptides that have gained popularity as fitness and wellness hacks — there's one that ostensibly tans your skin, and another that people use to build lean muscle.
The FDA says each peptide deserves its own careful evaluation, including safety and efficacy testing, just like a drug.
The US Food and Drug Administration has long played whack-a-mole with peptide production and distribution.
In 2023, under the Biden Administration, 19 peptides were removed from the list of substances that US compounding pharmacies can legally prepare due to safety concerns.
Last week, ahead of the meeting, the FDA released a fresh string of documents recommending against bringing the seven peptides in question back into compounding pharmacies nationwide.
The FDA reviewed the available clinical evidence for each peptide and raised concerns about both its safety and efficacy.
The safety concerns center on the potential for immune reactions to peptides, the possibility that ""your immune system wants to go a little bit haywire when you start injecting things,"" as peptide practitioner James LaValle, who is scheduled to testify during the meeting, told Business Insider.
""I think that's one of the biggest concerns from the FDA side,"" LaValle, who chairs the International Peptide Society, said. ""There's a lot of research that's being done to try to be supportive and create assurances around that.""
The FDA also cites a lack of evidence that these compounds really work. The argument, in a nutshell: Why allow products to be dispensed from compounding pharmacies that, at best, don't work, and at worst, could cause serious health problems?
""It's not true that there's something inherent in peptides that makes it not susceptible to the conventional aspects of FDA regulation,"" Peter Lurie with the science advocacy group Center for Science in the Public Interest told Business Insider.
""What they're asking is to unleash upon the American public a group of products for which they haven't bothered to create any evidence of safety or effectiveness.""
Industry leaders argue that peptides are here to stay, and that means we need better access to peptides and a safer supply.
Jeff Cohen, co-founder of the American Peptide Association, which provides clinical guidance for doctors and organizations, says that the FDA system of evaluating and approving drugs based on expensive, large-scale clinical trials is unrealistic for this industry.
Cohen argues so-called ""n of 1"" medicine — a system in which the consumer sits in the front seat of their care using trial-and-error to determine their own ""stack"" of medications — should be respected.
""I think they should take a step back and say: how do we validate safety and efficacy for a product that is consumer-driven, that is all over the consumer space, without sacrificing consumer access?"" Cohen told Business Insider.
Cohen said he has tried many peptides and wants the committee to preserve access, while promoting a safer supply. Since many people get their peptides online through sellers operating in a gray ""research purposes only"" market, peptide enthusiasts like Cohen say it would be better to create a new set of standards for peptide sellers, ensuring purity and potency of these compounds.
""It's a reality. And if they act like it's not a reality, all they're going to do is drive people into darker areas of the world to source products that are not safe,"" he said, ahead of the FDA meeting.
The stakes extend well beyond peptide clinics.
Wall Street analysts say a loosening of FDA restrictions could open a multibillion-dollar market for telehealth companies and compounders, Reuters reported. Hims & Hers, which has already invested in peptide manufacturing after its compounded weight-loss business came under pressure from regulators, is widely viewed as one of the companies best positioned to benefit if pharmacies are allowed to compound more peptides.
Several new members of the committee run peptide-selling clinics and promote peptide therapy.
""It's unheard of for somebody who is selling a product to vote on an advisory committee on that very product,"" Lurie said.
Though the committee's decisions are non-binding, the FDA has historically followed its recommendations.
Here are six of the peptide-prescribing doctors and clinic heads who stand to potentially win more business from their decisions:
Gabriel Alizaidy
Dr. Asare Christian
Melissa Loseke
Dr. Haleem Mohammed
Dr. Joshua Starbuck
Dr. Kris Wusterhausen
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
2,2026-07-24,The alt-phone company confirmed it's 'reorganizing' some teams but not exiting any markets.
3,2026-07-24,"The price of streaming services has been climbing for quite a while, but now streaming devices are joining them. 
Roku just raised the prices on all of its streaming devices by 50% to 60%. 
The Roku Streaming Stick went from $30 to $40, the Roku Streaming Stick Plus from $40 to $60, the Roku Streaming Stick 4K from $50 to $80, the Roku Ultra from $100 to $150, and the Roku Streambar SE from $100 to $150.
RAM shortage hits hard
The increase was first reported by The Desk, which spoke to an executive at Roku who said that the increase is a direct result of the RAM shortage. 
Back in its first-quarter earnings call in April, Roku CEO Anthony Wood said that the memory shortage would not affect the company much. “[T]he Roku TV operating system requires significantly less memory and storage than all our competing platforms,” Wood said. 
At the time, Wood said that the bill of materials cost for Roku devices is also relatively low because the company is more versatile in the types of memory it can use. 
“[A]s memory prices go up, the bill of materials advantage that we have versus our competitors gets bigger,” Wood said. “You know, the price difference expands, that attracts TV OEMs and retail partners, that's good for our business. It helps us win more accounts and win more retail placements.”
Cut to today. Roku is far from alone. Its competitor, Apple, raised the price of the Apple TV (Wi-Fi) 54%, from $129 to $199, and the Apple TV (Wi-Fi + Ethernet) 67%, from $149 to $249, just last month. Even Walmart's budget alternative to the Google TV streamer has doubled in price. 
The Roku store currently has a sale. Third-party retailers like Amazon and Best Buy have not yet changed prices on Roku devices, but once current supplies run out, they will raise them. 
The price hikes come just a month after Fox announced that it is buying Roku. 
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved

Lol. Yeah, raising the prices of those devices they use to spam you with ads. That's definitely worth paying for. 
Price of anything with a CPU is going up
The best of Android Police, directly in your inbox.
By subscribing, you agree to receive newsletter and marketing emails, and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe anytime."
4,2026-07-24,The Boox Picco will be the company's smallest e-reader yet.
5,2026-07-24,"A huge debate is brewing in Silicon Valley over the proliferation of Chinese-made artificial intelligence tools, particularly “open-weight” AI systems that, by some measures, can compete with or even outperform some of the best US models. My WIRED colleague Hugo Lowell has written about the Trump administration’s internal debate on how to handle these Chinese models. Among AI companies in the Valley, the issue is proving even more divisive.
A top concern in both DC and the Valley relates to distillation, in which a less capable AI model is trained on the outputs of a more powerful one. In June, Anthropic accused the Chinese tech giant Alibaba of illicitly stealing its IP through distillation attacks. Then, earlier this week, the White House said that it believes the Beijing-based Moonshot AI had developed its Kimi K3 model by distilling Anthropic’s Fable 5 model.
Another big concern is how quickly China’s models are appearing and spreading. An open-weight AI model has its core components made public, so that it can be fine-tuned to suit a user’s needs. But they don’t have the kinds of guardrails on which Anthropic has been building its reputation. Yasir Atalan, deputy director and data fellow at the Center for International and Strategic Studies, points out that the main benefit of open-weight AI models is their speed of diffusion. They can spread especially easily “through Hugging Face, GitHub, cloud providers, local deployments, and third-party inference platforms,” he writes. If you’re Anthropic, and you’ve built a cult around safety and charge for access to your big expensive proprietary models, you have every reason to want to regulate this.
But some Silicon Valley startups—not the trillion-dollar ones like OpenAI and Anthropic—really don’t want the US government to put restrictions on these AI models. On Wednesday a group of over 200 startups called the Little Tech Association sent a letter to Michael Kratsios, science adviser to President Donald Trump, and US Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick lobbying against an outright ban of open-weight AI models. The group, which includes famed startup incubator YCombinator, has argued in favor of certain safeguards but says that denying Americans access to AI models abroad would weaken US startups and create a monopoly among the AI giants.
Bill Gurley, the legendary tech investor and longtime partner at Benchmark Capital, has publicly argued in favor of letting “the free market work.” In a lengthy blog that offers a nice little history of open-source software, Gurley writes that open-weight models avoid lock-in, encourage true academic research, and are critical for capital-constrained startups.
“Every AI startup, every solo developer, every two-person team building a product on top of AI infrastructure depends on having access to good models at affordable prices,” Gurley says.
Chamath Palihapitiya, one of the All-In podcast hosts, wrote on X that “tricking the US Government to protect frontier labs’ business model by using a China boogeyman is a mistake…It is protecting the equity of 5,000 people who are investors in OAI and Ant at the sale of everyone else. This would be a terribly stupid decision.” His cohost and fellow VC Jason Calacanis piled on. “Daddy Trump protect us!!!!” he wrote on X, with an alarming number of crying-laughing emoji.
This stance from some of Silicon Valley’s most ruthless capitalists might at first seem counterintuitive. Why let a foreign adversary’s technology flourish in the US? It’s as if the US is up just 1-0 in the AI World Cup, a slightly uncomfortable lead, and the crowd is chanting for the opposing team to get a free kick.
The reason, as always, is money. In a sense, open-weight models are the “move fast and break things” of the AI era, if the new motto tacked on something like “and use a scalpel to fix it.” Having access to open-source software allows startups to scale, scale, scale—and deal with the consequences down the road. Meanwhile, the AI labs and hyperscalers that make proprietary platforms, like OpenAI, Anthropic, Google, Microsoft, Meta, and XAI, stand to benefit greatly if their systems remain protected and dominant.
The bigger question that none of these companies seem to be asking is what best serves the 99 percent of us who don’t have their financial future fully staked on advancing AI. Anthropic CEO Dario Amodei has warned repeatedly that open-weight LLMs present an untenable security risk, because they can be downloaded by anyone and tuned to malicious ends. That argument might sound hard to dispute, except that the recent Hugging Face hack happened to show the opposite. After an OpenAI model escaped containment and infiltrated the open-source platform, “our own forensic work was blocked by the guardrails of the hosted models we first tried,” Hugging Face wrote on its blog. The company then turned to a Chinese open-weight model to help resolve the threat.
The US government has much to weigh as it decides how to handle Chinese open-weight models. Thank goodness this administration doesn’t seem to be at all financially motivated.
This is an edition of Steven Levy’s Backchannel newsletter. Read previous newsletters here.
In your inbox: Inside WIRED’s newsroom with Katie Drummond
Trump mocked Zuckerberg and Bezos by showing off fawning texts
Big Story: I found Jesus at a drone show
Apple is making your older iPhone run faster and stay alive longer
WIRED event: PepsiCo’s once-in-a-generation transformation
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2026 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
6,2026-07-24,"New York City landlords are pushing back against Mayor Zohran Mamdani's rent freeze.
A coalition of seven NYC landlords filed a lawsuit Wednesday against the long-promised freeze for rent-stabilized apartments in the city, passed on a 7—1 vote by the city's Rent Guidelines Board in late June. The decision blocks rent increases for one- and two-year leases signed between October 1, 2026, and September 30, 2027, affecting about 1 million rent-stabilized apartments citywide.
The lawsuit alleged that the outcome of the RGB vote was the product of a ""sham process with a predetermined outcome,"" that will place a financial burden on property owners.
Do you have a story about the cost of living in New York City? Reach out to these reporters at mros@insider.com and allisonkelly@businessinsider.com
Freezing the rent had been one of Mamdani's key affordability goals since the early days of his campaign. It's unlikely a single landlord lawsuit will overturn the policy, but the mayor may face an uphill battle in maintaining the freeze for more than a year or two. When NYC and other cities like St. Paul, Minnesota, have tried to cap rents in the past, local governments haven't been able to sustain the economic support or political will to keep it in place for the long haul.
Mayor's Office spokesperson Matt Rauschenbach said that the city's law department is prepared to defend the policy in court, and ""the Mamdani administration remains committed to the success of the rent stabilization system, which has prevented displacement and provided stability to generations of New Yorkers.""
Other cities have seen situations like this before — as has New York City.
The city of St. Paul won a lawsuit against landlords in 2023, after a challenge to the 3% annual rent cap ordinance was dismissed.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
During Mayor Bill de Blasio's two 4-year terms in New York City, the RGB successfully implemented one-year rent freezes for leases in 2015, 2016, and 2020. The second time, in 2016, the board was unsuccessfully sued.
Rosenberg & Estis attorney Deborah Riegel, co-counsel for the current New York landlord plaintiffs, told Business Insider that the legal argument in the 2016 case hinged on the extent to which the RGB could consider tenant affordability in its decision to grant a freeze. The current lawsuit has a different argument, she said, anchored in both the rising costs landlords face and the alleged misuse of the city's bureaucratic approval process.
""Whether or not you consider tenant affordability, your data on the cost side is so clear — it is so irrefutable that owners' costs are increasing,"" she said, adding that other city-controlled costs like local property taxes are also rising. ""They're still taking the position that the owners should absorb those increases without any corresponding increase in their income.""
A June Moody's Ratings report found that a hypothetical five-year rent freeze could put 6% of the NYC multifamily loans in commercial mortgage-backed securities at risk of default.
The city and the landlords are set to meet before a judge in September.
The landlord's suit said a rent freeze would make it hard for owners to survive amid rising costs.
Jake Krimmel, a senior economist at Realtor.com, said this debate is not about ""tenants versus landlords"" but rather about analyzing the effects the policy could have on the rental market. People who live in rent-stabilized apartments will benefit, while spillover effects on the rest of the market are expected, he said.
One of these effects will be increased pressure on market-based rental apartments, as New York City housing supply is low, and people in rent-stabilized units will be less willing to move out, he said. Krimmel added that new construction likely won't be discouraged by the rent freeze, as it applies only to existing units.
Market pressure will also be affected by how landlords adjust amid stabilized rents and rising operational costs, such as high energy prices, property taxes, insurance, and general inflation. Landlords with both rent-stabilized and market-rate units might raise rents on their market-rate apartments to offset the costs of maintaining their stabilized properties.
Meanwhile, landlords who mostly own rent-stabilized units might have to pull back on maintenance or leave apartments vacant once they reopen to the market because it can be less costly to leave them empty instead of managing tenants. Many of these ripple effects occurred in St. Paul and its surrounding areas, prompting the city to roll back its rent cap.
""Ultimately, there's a balancing act,"" Krimmel said. ""The landlord is going to have to balance the income that they get coming in versus the costs of operating their building, and because they feel like they're being really squeezed on the income, their costs are feeling more acute right now.""
Regardless of legal challenges, these financial impacts on the market make it hard for cities to maintain both the resident support and lawmaker backing for a sustained freeze. As founder and President of New York YIMBY Nikolai Fedak put it, a freeze may sound good in theory, but end up raising prices for millions of tenants.
""It creates two classes of renters,"" he said. ""Subsidizing the protected group within rent control drives up prices and unaffordability for the rest of the market rate housing.""
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
7,2026-07-24,"""This is the fastest and clearest way to prove that this transaction is good for competition, good for consumers, and good for creators,"" Paramount said."
8,2026-07-24,"This week at Galaxy Unpacked, Samsung introduced the Galaxy Watch 9 in a presentation that was purely about its health features.
It focused so heavily on them that the entire presentation was done by Sharanya Desai, head of digital health algorithms at Samsung.
Desai showed off the newest health capabilities of the Galaxy Watch 9, from Vitals, which tracks five biometrics to a Fitness Index that manages your activity needs and capabilities to an enhanced sleep apnea detector.
On Samsung’s page to purchase a Galaxy Watch 9, health is also the sole focus. And in the press release the company issued about it, it’s the same: ""Galaxy Watch9 is the ultimate everyday companion, designed for wellness-conscious users who want to build healthier habits through effortless, continuous activity and sleep tracking.""
I tested three fitness trackers over 5,000 steps
While smartwatches, including the Galaxy Watch 9, do much more, it’s only their health tracking that truly distinguishes them from phones.
And that market has made a shift to less burdensome devices that Samsung is not keeping up with.
It’s no longer necessary to wear a chunky health tracker on your wrist to receive all of the benefits that they can provide. That’s why low-profile health-tracking smart rings, led by Oura and followed by others, including Samsung with their Galaxy Ring, have become so popular.
Whoop introduced an entirely new idea with its screenless health tracker, which, yes, is worn on the wrist but is exceedingly thin and light and does not interfere when you’re engaging in the very fitness activities it’s designed to encourage and track. It’s also not cumbersome to wear to bed at night to monitor sleep and health metrics.
Google followed with the Fitbit Air, which has faced some issues but still had trouble staying in stock on its release. This week, Garmin entered the game to much fanfare with Cirqa. It’s being celebrated for being subscription-free, which is likely to expand the reach and demand for such devices.
It’s clear that sleeker, more subtle health trackers are where the immediate future lies, and yet Samsung not only didn’t release a screenless health device on stage, it also neglected to make a sequel to the Galaxy Ring that is now two years old.
Desai proudly declared that over 77 million users rely on Samsung Health. Yet Samsung’s seeming desire for dominance in the health-tracking market is in opposition to its being able to keep up with rivals.
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved

Screenless? You can't be serious. You're saying it's better to have a ring or a wrist strap that only takes information and sends it to the phone where you have to actually open the phone instead of having something you can read on your wrist? It seems a little far-fetched that seems more convenient. I like having a watch that gives me notifications and helps with my health. Also... You know.... Not having to look at your phone just to see the time (and not wear another accessory along with the ring/wristband) is kind of the main point of a watch 
I am glad Samsung offers a phone alternative for the wrist.  At least for me, I have to have LTE all day in my job and it is so much easier to message coworkers on Wear OS without lugging a phone around. And if the watch includes all of the health features as well, that's a bonus. 

I am truly excited about the 800mah Ultra Watch.  Hopefully no more daily battery anxiety even with very heavy use and LTE. 
Where is my ankle tracker?  Thigh tracker? Less chance of tan line on the wrist haha. 
I have tachycardia and I look at my Pixel watch whenever I feel my pulse is getting high. Relaxation techniques then help me stave off a possible Afib attack. I could not imagine having to open my phone, open the health app and find the HR option when I can just look at my watch and see the latest readings. Going to a no screen option is not ideal for many people. Not to mention that I can quickly take an ecg reading which you can't on Fitbit Air. In fact, they should have also released a Google/Fitbit Charge 7. Just one man's opinion. 
The best of Android Police, directly in your inbox.
By subscribing, you agree to receive newsletter and marketing emails, and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe anytime."
9,2026-07-24,"Creatures of Thought
In the early 1980s, the personal computer market was a raucous bazaar, teeming with variety. Each distinct type of personal computer—from Atari, Radio Shack, Apple, Commodore, Texas Instruments, and many more—had its own sub-culture of clubs and magazines, full of partisans ready to tout the superiority of their chosen machines.[1]
Though a substantial bloc of smaller manufactures such as North Star and Vector Graphic all supported an Altair-compatible hardware standard (8080-compatible processor and S-100 bus) and Gary Kildall’s CP/M operating system, they were far from a monopoly share. Standards in graphics, sound, and peripheral connections varied even more widely. Most microcomputers used processors compatible with Intel’s 8080 or MOS Technology’s 6502, but the BASIC programming language was the only near-universal lingua franca, often pre-installed in read-only-memory (ROM) chips on the computer and usually supplied by Microsoft.
Over the course of the 1980s, the IBM PC and its successors paved over all of that, leaving behind a near-uniform cookie-cutter subdivision of compatible computers. By the end of the decade only fragmentary remains attested to the lost world that preceded it: the antiquated Apple IIs still populating school computer labs; the strange boxes at the electronics store labeled “Amiga” and “Atari ST” (the last gasps of dying giants); the Macintoshes found in the offices of graphic designers, writers, publishers, and other members of the cultural avant garde.
The full story of how that unfolded will have to wait for another volume. For now, we will see how it began, with the launch of the IBM Personal Computer in 1981. Ironically, the ecosystem was closed by openness.
Ever since Thomas Waston, Junior launched International Business Machines (IBM) into the electronic computing market in the 1950s, the company had become nearly synonymous with the idea of the computer. Though many of their offerings were technically impressive, especially the breakthrough System/360 line launched in 1965, their success rested mainly on the comprehensiveness of their product line and their unmatched sales and service departments. Though not quite so dominant as it had been in prior decades, the IBM of 1980, with 40% of the global computer market, was still a powerhouse—the popular press routinely called it a “colossus.” To other computer makers, it was simply “the environment”; to be in the business was to swim in IBM’s sea.[2]
IBM’s greatest strength lay in large, mainframe computers. It could not dominate everywhere along the ever-expanding digital frontier, swarming with upstarts staking out new territories for minicomputers, software, dedicated word processing systems, and more. Each market segment had its own leading companies—smaller than IBM individually, but collectively a grave threat to its position as the center of gravity of the computer business. When it came to the very small computers that were selling in the hundreds of thousands by 1980 and projected to continue growing at an astonishing 40% per year, IBM had nothing at all to show for itself.[3]
IBM leadership had known since the early 1970s that the plummeting cost of electronics would make it practical to dedicate an entire computer to a single user. The problem was translating that knowledge into a product that would reach a mass audience. In 1973, IBM engineer Paul Friedel launched a single-user computer project that became the IBM 5100, a fifty-pound, all-in-one computer and terminal for scientists and engineers. In 1983, its creator tried to claim the 5100 as the “missing link” in personal computer history, but with a starting price of $9,000, it hardly belongs in the same forest as the Altair, let alone in its family tree.[4]
The 5100 did not have a microprocessor (which most computer engineers in 1973 still considered far too feeble an instrument to power a real computer). It ran on a multi-chip processor developed out of the IBM office in Boca Raton, Florida, about an hour north of Miami, which housed IBM’s Entry Level Systems Division. As the personal computer rose and rose in the second half of the 1970s, it became obvious in Boca Raton (and even in the airy heights of IBM headquarters in Armonk, New York) that to maintain its reputation as a leader in the world of computing, IBM had to respond. In 1978, the Florida office started work on the System 23/Datamaster, a true microcomputer based on the 8-bit Intel 8085 (a variant of the popular 8080). But two years into that project, it remained mired in development, weighed down by a succession of changes mandated by leadership to align the product with other parts of the company. It was also obvious based on its cost structure that the Datamaster would cost far more than leading personal computers like the Apple II and TRS-80.[5]
Forty-year-old Boca Raton executive Bill Lowe was so disgusted with this state of affairs that in July 1980 he went before the corporate management committee in Armonk and declared that IBM was culturally incapable of producing a personal computer; they would have to slap the IBM logo on a white-label device from the likes of Apple or Atari to bring anything to market. This may have been a gambit intended to force corporate to give him a free hand, but it was not all bluster; there had certainly been talks about selling an Atari computer under IBM livery.[6]
Whether in accordance with Lowe’s plan or not, IBM CEO Frank Cary refused to accept that there was any kind of computer that IBMers couldn’t build. He “decided that the assumptions behind these machines [the 5100 and Datamaster] were the problem. His executives were all assuming that the systems would use only IBM technology, that they’d be sold only by IBM salesmen, that they’d carry all the standard IBM service policies.” An internal study had found that procuring the physical parts alone for a personal computer through the normal IBM channels would cost more than the computer’s target retail price. Cary’s solution was to give Lowe carte blanche to develop a personal computer within a newly invented corporate structure, the Independent Business Unit. Lowe would report directly to the CEO and be shielded from all corporate politics. He had one month to come back with a proposal that would deliver a saleable computer in one year. Internally, the initiative was called Project Chess and the device the Acorn; externally IBM would call it simply the IBM Personal Computer (PC).[7]
Lowe, a corporate climber who had been moving up the IBM ladder since 1962, soon saw the chance to grab another rung: the sudden heart attack of the head of the Rochester, Minnesota office put him in line for a Vice Presidency. He quickly dropped Project Chess, which had already served his purposes by raising his profile with corporate leadership, to pursue this new opportunity. Responsibility for the development of the IBM personal computer thus fell into the lap of Don Estridge.[8]
Slightly older than Lowe, Estridge appeared to have a much less bright future at the company. After stints on the SAGE air defense project and the Apollo project, he eagerly put down roots at the newly opened Boca Raton office in 1969, back in his native state of Florida. Rebelling against the “I’ve Been Moved” company culture, he had no interest in leaving home again to chase promotions. He was also coming off of a rocky “Series 1” minicomputer project that had nearly sunk his career. It was salvaged from financial ruin only by a lucky order from State Farm Insurance.[9]
Nonetheless, Estridge had two qualities that made him perfectly suited to bring Project Chess to fruition. First, the fact that he held the norms of IBM management culture in low regard. He wielded his direct line to the CEO as a talisman to ward off vice-presidential demands and bureaucratic process, and in so doing prevented the lightning sprint to a 1981 launch from bogging down into a multi-year slog. Second, he had insight into the target market because he belonged to it: he had bought an Apple II in 1977 and, like thousands of his fellow hobbyists, tinkered on it in the evenings after work.[10]
Estridge protected his people from pressure to use only the IBM dealer network and IBM suppliers. They would sell the PC through third-party retailers—most importantly, ComputerLand. And, though IBM factories were allowed to put in their bids like everyone else, the Acorn would be built mostly from third-party parts: disk drives from Tandon, power supplies from Zenith, printers from Epson, and a processor from Intel. Even after the release of the PC, internal IBM suppliers would be forced to compete with outside vendors for business: to bootstrap an ecosystem as quickly as possible, Project Chess would follow in the footsteps of Apple and publish all the technical specs needed to allow and encourage third parties to write software and create hardware accessories for their new computer.[11]
Intel was a natural choice for the processor, because many of the engineers in Boca Raton had already become familiar with Intel hardware from the Datamaster project’s 8085. But Estridge’s hardware team wanted to move up to a sixteen-bit processor from the eight-bit processor of the Datamaster (and the vast majority of microcomputers than in use). Doing calculations in sixteen-bit chunks would make the Acorn 1 more efficient at data processing and (most importantly) allow it to support larger amounts of memory. Intel offered the fully-sixteen-bit 8086, but the Chess team chose the hybrid 8088, which processed sixteen-bit chunks internally but communicated with the external word (over its “data bus”) eight bits at a time. This would substantially reduce the overall cost of the machine, since eight-bit support chips were much more common and less expensive to produce.[12]
Even as they were settling these major hardware problems, the Chess team began its search for software. Jack Sams, tasked with heading up this effort, wanted the Acorn to support two modes of operation, both very popular in the personal computing world: running BASIC from read-only memory (ROM) for simple programming tasks and games, and running a disk-based operating system like CP/M from Digital Research for word-processing, accounting, and heavy data-processing tasks.[13]
Sams was tasked with finding suppliers for this software, and he went first to a name he already knew and trusted: Microsoft, which provided the BASICs installed on most of the major brand names in the personal computer market. In August 1980, he met with Microsoft’s principals, Bill Gates and Paul Allen, in Seattle. Aware that aligning themselves with IBM could prove very lucrative, they eagerly agreed to supply their BASIC and any other software IBM might require (they ultimately provided several other programming language packages as well as Microsoft’s version of the increasingly musty Colossal Cave Adventure). When asked about licensing CP/M, however, Gates had to regretfully decline. Microsoft had no rights to CP/M, but he was happy to phone up Gary Kildall at Digital Research in Pacific Grove, California, and arrange a meeting.[14]
Much has been made of this fateful meeting, on August 22, 1980, to which Kildall, unlike the solicitous Gates and Allen, arrived hours late. The negotiations about licensing the yet-to-be-released sixteen-bit CP/M-86 thus fell to his business manager (and wife) Dorothy Kildall. Though the events of that day are much disputed, it is certain that everyone walked away unhappy, and no deal was reached. But IBM had no one else to turn to, and so negotiations continued. The ultimate outcome (a triumph for Microsoft and the eclipse of Digital Research) was determined not by the events of that day, but by the predispositions of the three main parties.[15]
Sams disliked the standoffish attitude of Digital Research and had wanted, in the first place, to deal only with the supplier he already trusted: Microsoft. As for Gates and Kildall, though they both loved computers, and had once briefly considered a merger of their companies, they had very different personalities. Gates had been angling to build a business since he was in high school; he and Allen created Microsoft to meet a market need: a BASIC interpreter for the Altair, which they believe would sell like hotcakes. Kildall had created CP/M as the incidental byproduct of a hobby interest: his desired to write PL/M code on a microcomputer. For better or worse, he lacked Gates’ relentlessness and drive. He certainly wanted to do well for himself, but he cared more about building interesting software than winning in the market, and he disliked IBM’s attitude more than he liked their money. The Digital Research of the 1980s would never have become the Microsoft of the 1990s, no matter what happened on August 22nd.
The facts of how these dynamics played out were as follows: a frustrated Sams went back to Gates to ask again about a disk operating system. Through Allen, Gates knew of one other possibility: a 16-bit CP/M clone created by a local company, Seattle Computer Products (SCP). In 1979, SCP had started selling an S-100 compatible motherboard for the Intel 8086 processor, designed by employee Tim Paterson. But unlike in the ancient of the Altair, by 1979 most hobbyists expected to have a disk operating system available for their computer. So, Paterson wrote one, which he called Quick and Dirty Operating System (QDOS), and which SCP sold externally as 86-DOS. It was a near-perfect clone of CP/M for the 8086. Because the 8086 and 8088 used identical machine code, this meant it would also work on the IBM personal computer.[16]
Gates offered to put Sams in touch with SCP, but the dealings with Digital Research had already exhausted his patience with microcomputer software makers. He asked Gates to do the deal himself and license 86-DOS to IBM. Gates duly did so (all the while concealing the existence of his deep-pocketed customer from SCP) and then worked diligently to make sure Microsoft could deliver exactly what IBM wanted, in plenty of time for the 1981 PC launch—he even hired Paterson away from SCP to polish 86-DOS into what IBM would call PC-DOS. But the crucial moment for Microsoft came in July 1981, when Gates convinced SCP’s owner to sell him all the rights to 86-DOS, in exchange for $50,000 and a perpetual license back to SCP. Because IBM had not secured an exclusive license to PC-DOS, Microsoft could now sell it to others, giving this same piece of software its fourth name, MS-DOS. This deal was the basis for Microsoft’s future multi-billion-dollar empire.[17]
With Digital Research threatening to sue over the similarities between PC-DOS and CP/M-86, IBM agreed to offer the latter as an additional operating system for the IBM PC. But this alternative did not actually become available until April 1982, months after IBM launched its computer, and because Digital Research demanded per-copy royalties (while Microsoft licensed DOS for a flat fee), it sold for $240, six times as much as PC-DOS. This was not the end of Digital Research, which found a niche in the operating system market and survived until 1991, when another software maker, Novell offered $80 million to buy the company. The previous quarter, Microsoft had made $140 million in profit.[18]
The IBM PC debuted on August 12, 1981, in a press conference at New York’s Waldorf Astoria hotel, almost exactly a year after Lowe had committed to delivering it. The Chess team had estimated one million units in sales in the first three years, but corporate planning, unable to credit such a figure, cut the target down to 200,000, which restricted supply in the back half of 1981. Nonetheless, after three years, the PC was right on target for one million sold. Estridge rose from obscurity to become an overnight star: having “delivered nearly $1 billion of revenue, that, not being in anyone’s business plan, appeared to come out of thin air… Estridge’s bosses looked at him as something of a magician.”[19]
An ungenerous historian might credit the PC’s success solely to the IBM name: businesspeople skeptical of the microcomputer fad (or uncertain whether existing brands could be trusted to last) felt comfortable betting on a machine to which this venerable, trusted brand had lent its credit. And there is certainly truth to that. As soon as he heard the IBM PC was coming, Martin Alpert, president of a small technology company in Cleveland, shifted his whole business on making add-ons for the computer. He spoke for third-party vendors as a whole when he said that “people wanted a standard. They didn’t know what to buy until they heard about the IBM PC and they figured they couldn’t go wrong because it was IBM. As soon as we saw the machine, we believed in it and we bet the future of our company on it.”[20]
Yet it is also true that the PC would never have succeeded so well had it not also been an excellent, forward-looking design, which combined many of the best features of its competitors. As BYTE’s senior editor wrote, it had “color graphics like the Apple II, an 80-column display like the TRS-80 Model II, a redefinable character set like the Atari 800, a 16-bit microprocessor like the Texas Instruments TI 99/4, an expanded memory space like the Apple III, a full-function uppercase and lowercase keyboard like the TRS-80 Model III, and BASIC color graphics like the TRS-80 Color Computer…”[21]
The most important of these features were the sixteen-bit microprocessor and the expanded memory access, which went hand in hand. Most 8-bit computers could read from or write to a maximum of sixty-four kilobytes of memory (by combining two eight-bit addresses). The Apple III had quadrupled this with a technique called bank-switching, but the IBM, with sixteen-bit addresses plus a four-bit segment identifier, could access an entire megabyte (though applications could access only 640 kilobytes—later a notorious number—with the rest reserved for system software and input/output devices). One would be hard-pressed to find a microcomputer user in possession of so much memory in 1981, but with prices falling and application software growing ever more sophisticated, business users would soon both want that much memory and be able to afford it, and the PC was well-prepared for that eventuality.[22]
By the spring of 1983, IBM’s personal computer sales already matched those of Apple and Tandy. Andrew Pollack of the New York Times noted that “an entire subindustry has sprung up to supply parts, accessories and advice for the I.B.M. personal computer,” and that “I.B.M.’s role in the personal computer world is beginning to resemble its central role in the mainframe computer business, in which I.B.M. is the sun around which everything else revolves.” A new catalog of IBM-specific literature sprung up to serve this new market: David Bunnell, who had left MITS (creator of the ALtair) to found Personal Computing, now became editor-in-chief for PC Magazine, entirely dedicated to IBM’s new computer. Many brands (from Dumpster to Kleenex) had found their proprietary name transformed into a generic label, but IBM had managed to turn the previously generic term “personal computer” into the proprietary acronym “PC.”[23]
The PC’s open architecture, borrowed from minicomputers via Apple and the Altair-compatibles, attracted software and hardware vendors and kicked off a new flywheel of success even more powerful than the one that propelled the Apple II. As much from necessity as from calculation, Estridge’s team had blended the open traditions of the personal computer and the authority of IBM’s imprimatur into an enticing cocktail. Both conformists and rebels could find something appealing in its flavor. The marketing campaign struck the same chords: “My own IBM computer. Imagine that,” went one tagline. Now you could have complete control over your own computer without giving up the assurance of the IBM brand.[24]
Yet, this concoction that so enchanted its drinkers also proved dangerous to the brewer. An open architecture was more easily copied, and by March 1983, more than 20 “clones” of the IBM PC already existed, “interchangeable or almost interchangeable with the I.B.M. computer.” Internally, IBM executives seethed at the press focus on Don Estridge, who generate only a small fraction of IBM’s revenue while hurting the rest of the company “by not trying to tie his products into the rest of the company’s, by not working with the IBM sales force, or by not being willing to buy his parts from IBM.” In short order, the full force of internal politics was unleashed on the formerly sheltered PC group. The immediate successor models to the PC, 1983’s XT and 1984’s AT, both sold terrifically, but darker times loomed ahead. After its magician died in a horrific plane crash in Dallas in 1985, IBM would dig deep into its hat but never produce another rabbit.[25]
The full story of IBM’s downfall will have to wait for another series. But in the next post we will look at the consequences of the IBM PC’s arrival for the rest of the industry.
[1] Petri Saarikoski and Markku Reunanen, “Great Northern Machine Wars: Rivalry Between User Groups in Finland,” IEEE Annals of the History of Computing (April-June 2014), 16-26.
[2] John Greenwald, “The Colossus that Works,” Time (July 10, 1983); Kathleen Burton, “Anatomy of a Colossus, Part II,” PC Magazine (February 1983), 327; Katharine Davis Fishman, The Computer Establishment: The Inside Story of America’s Most Dynamic Industry (New York: McGraw-Hill, 1981), 14-18.
[3] Kathleen Burton, “Anatomy of a Colossus, Part II,” PC Magazine (February 1983), 327.
[4] Paul J. Friedl, “SCAMP: The Missing Link in the PC’s Past?”, PC Magazine (November 1983), 191-197; James Chposky and Ted Leonsis, Blue Magic: The People, Power and Politics Behind the IBM Personal Computer (New York: Facts on File), 1988. Unfortunately, Blue Magic, the only book-length account of the creation of the IBM PC, is filled with errors and confusions (To give just one example, page 7 credits the creation of the modem to Dennis Glayes of Glayes Microcomputer Products. Setting aside the accuracy of the core claim, the more glaring error is the bizarre typo: the correct name is Dennis Hayes). I have attempted to cross-check all of its claims with other sources, where possible.
[5] Chposky and Leonsis, Blue Magic, 17-18; Paul Carroll, Big Blues: The Unmaking of IBM (New York: Crown Publishers, 1993), 22; David J. Bradley, “The Creation of the IBM PC,” BYTE (September 1990), 414. On release in 1981, the Datamaster in a basic configuration with a printer included cost nearly $10,000. “IBM Combines Data and Word Processing,” Personal Computing (October 1981), 154.
[6] Chposky and Leonsis, Blue Magic, 9-10; Paul Carroll, Big Blues, 1; Marty Goldberg and Curt Vendel, Atari Inc.: Business is Fun (Carmel, NY: Syzygy Company Press, 2012), 607; Stephen Manes and Paul Andrews, Gates: How Microsoft’s Mogul Reinvented an Industry—and Made Himself the Richest Man in America (New York: Touchstone, 1994), 150. None of these accounts of what happened prior to and during the management committee fully agree but all are consistent with some discussion between Lowe and Atari.
[7] Chposky and Leonsis, Blue Magic, 8-10; Carroll, Big Blues, 56-57; Kathleen Burton, “Anatomy of a Colossus, Part II,” PC Magazine (February 1983), 327.
[8] Chposky and Leonsis, Blue Magic, 58-59; Carroll, Big Blues, 26.
[9] Chposky and Leonsis, Blue Magic, 30-31; Carroll, Big Blues, 27-28.
[10] Chposky and Leonsis, Blue Magic, 32; Carroll, Big Blues, 28-29.
[11] Chposky and Leonsis, Blue Magic, 68, 73, 88-91; Carroll, Big Blues, 36.
[12] Bradley, “The Creation of the IBM PC,” 414, 416.
[13] Jimmy Maher, “The complete history of the IBM PC, part one: The deal of the century,” Ars Technica (June 30, 2017) [https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2017/06/ibm-pc-history-part-1]
[14] Manes and Andrews, Gates, 150-155.
[15] Manes and Andrews, Gates, 155-156; Maher, “The complete history of the IBM PC, part one.”
[16] Manes and Andrews, Gates, 157-158.
[17] Manes and Andrews, Gates, 159-160, 174-175; Jimmy Maher, “The complete history of the IBM PC, part two: The DOS empire strikes,” Ars Technica (July 31, 2017) [https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2017/07/ibm-pc-history-part-2/].
[18] Manes and Andrews, Gates, 173, 192; Jim Edlin, “CP/M Arrives,” PC Magazine (June/July 1982), 43; David Laws, “Oral History of Tom Rolander” Computer History Museum (December 12, 2016), 26-27; Paul Andrews, “A Career Spent In Gates’ Shadow — Computer Pioneer Dies At 52,” Seattle Times (July 14, 1994); John Markoff, “PC Software Maker Novell To Buy Digital Research,” New York Times (July 17, 1991); Andrew Pollack, “Microsoft’s Net Up 73% in the 2d Quarter,” New York Times (July 25, 1991). Some accounts, including Manes and Andrews’, attribute the $240 price to intentional IBM sabotage.
[19] Carroll, Big Blues, 40, 44.
[20] Chposky and Leonsis, Blue Magic, 105, 114.
[21] Gregg Williams, “A Closer Look at the IBM Personal Computer,” BYTE (January 1982), 36.
[22] Bradley, “The Creation of the IBM PC”, 417.
[23] Andrew Pollack, “Big IBM Has Done It Again,” New York Times, March 27, 1983.
[24] “My own IBM computer. Imagine that,” Personal Computing (January 1982), 4.
[25] Andrew Pollack, “Big IBM Has Done It Again,” New York Times, March 27, 1983; Caroll, Big Blues, 44, 59, 66.


					View all posts by technicshistory				


Δ


The book version of The Switch series: Print Kindle

The book version of The Backbone series: Print Kindle"
10,2026-07-24,"Apple is pushing OLED panel suppliers to lower their prices for the iPhone 18 Pro Max, as the cost of memory chips and other components rises, reports The Elec.
According to the Korea-based report, Apple has proposed paying around $70 for OLED panels, but it might end up paying even less. Industry estimates suggest that Samsung Display and LG Display will supply the panels for around $66.50 each. That would be a roughly 20 percent drop from the prices paid for iPhone 17 Pro Max OLED panels.
The report says that the price Apple has paid for iPhone OLED panels has fallen with each new generation. However, this year's reduction is unusually steep, especially considering that the iPhone 18 OLED panel is expected to require greater manufacturing complexity – Apple will be using Samsung Display's latest M16 OLED material set, which improves luminous efficiency, lifespan, and color performance. 
Smartphone makers across the board are said to be trying to offset rising memory costs by reducing procurement expenses for other components, including display panels and camera modules.
According to market research firm UBI Research, Samsung Display is expected to supply 46 million OLED panels for Apple's iPhone 18 lineup this year, comprising 2 million for the standard iPhone 18 model, 18 million for the iPhone 18 Pro, and 26 million for the iPhone 18 Pro Max. Meanwhile, LG Display is forecast to supply 41 million panels, including 1 million for the standard model, 19 million for the 18 Pro, and 21 million for the 18 Pro Max.
Apple is expected to launch the iPhone 18 Pro models in September alongside its first foldable iPhone, followed by the iPhone 18 and iPhone 18e in spring 2027. Analysts suggest the iPhone 18 Pro and Pro Max could start at $1,299 and $1,399, respectively. In other words, a $200 jump over their predecessors, with rising memory and storage costs largely to blame.
Get weekly top MacRumors stories in your inbox.
Our comprehensive guide highlighting every major new addition in iOS 26, plus how-tos that walk you through using the new features.
End-to-end encrypted RCS messaging in beta, Suggested Places in Maps, new Pride Luminance wallpaper, and more.
New features and lesser-known changes to check out if you're upgrading.
Apple's four new iPhones feature more differences between the latest models than ever before, so which one should you buy?
Siri AI, Apple Intelligence features throughout, child safety improvements, and more. In developer beta now.
Siri AI, design refinements, new Apple Intelligence features, and more. In developer beta now.
Apple's first foldable iPhone, with a book-style design featuring a ~5.5-inch outer display and a ~7.8-inch inner display with a minimal crease down the middle.
iPhone 18 Pro and Pro Max with smaller Dynamic Island, new color options, camera and chip improvements, and more.
9 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
9 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
11 hours ago by Tim Hardwick
11 hours ago by Tim Hardwick
11 hours ago by Tim Hardwick
 
MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and other Apple platforms."
11,2026-07-24,"Infosys reported results below expectations, impacting its stock performance negatively.  Other major IT companies also showed weak revenue growth in dollar terms.  AI-driven sales are gaining traction, though still on a small base.  Profitability varied across companies, with some margins contracting and others improving.  Stock valuations reflect uncertainty over future growth prospects and market conditions.
Listen to this article in summarized format
Unlock AI Briefing and Premium Content
While slower execution due to delayed decision making by clients amid geopolitical tensions has affected the overall revenue growth, the sample companies reported traction in AI driven sales though on a small base. 

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Adani wants to run airlines, but IndiGo isn't liking it
Is Bitcoin finally becoming digital gold equivalent?
“Shortchanged ahead of IPO”, ex-Juniper CEO seeks INR365-cr compensation
As Cult.fit prepares for IPO, questions on balance sheet health weigh
From gym shelves to kitchens, India's whey protein boom hits price pinch
Stock Radar: SBI Cards & Payment Services stock showing signs of turnaround after falling over 30% from highs; time to buy?
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Definitions
Top Slideshow
Most Searched IFSC Codes
Top Performing MF
Top Prime Articles
Top Story Listing
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime








What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
12,2026-07-24,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Tech > Gaming > Nintendo
Pick your game, pocket the savings and walk away with more than just a console.
Contributor
Former Contributor
Article updated on July 24, 2026, 2:01 pm EDT
Everything is getting more expensive, and the Nintendo Switch 2 is no exception. The company has confirmed that a price increase for the Switch 2 will kick in on Sept. 1. The move will see the base price of a Nintendo Switch 2 increase by $50 to $500, but the good news is that you still have some time. If you’re in the market for a Nintendo Switch 2, the impending price hike means that it makes sense to pick one up as soon as possible, before it kicks in. Currently, the console is in stock across a range of retailers, with some even offering bundle deals.
There are no direct discounts on the console itself right now, but there are smart ways to save. The standalone console sells for $450, or you could upgrade for $500 to the “choose your game” bundle, which also comes with a digital copy of either Mario Kart World, Donkey Kong Bananza or Pokemon Pokopia. These games typically sell for $80 on their own, so you’re effectively getting $30 back just by choosing the bundle.
Below, you’ll find every retailer currently carrying these options, plus other ways to save on games and accessories across the board. We’ll keep this page updated as things change, so check back regularly.
Nintendo isn’t offering any direct deals on the Switch 2 right now, but you can still score some savings. The “choose your game” bundle costs $500, and comes with a download code for a digital copy of either Mario Kart World, Donkey Kong Bananza or Pokémon Pokopia. With this deal, you’re saving $30 compared to buying the game and console separately. 
Like Nintendo, Amazon also offers the “choose your game” bundle. It comes with a digital download code for either Mario Kart World, Donkey Kong Bananza, or Pokémon Pokopia, saving you $30 compared to purchasing the game and console separately. Note that you choose the game when the bundle arrives at your home, not on the Amazon screen. The other offers are for consoles with physical games. 
GameStop also has the “choose your game” bundle deal available. The included code scores you a digital copy of Mario Kart World, Donkey Kong Bananza, or Pokémon Pokopia, saving you $30 compared to purchasing the game and console separately. 
You can save $30 with the “choose your game” bundle offer at Best Buy. It’s $500 total, and lets you choose a digital copy of Mario Kart World, Donkey Kong Bananza or Pokémon Pokopia.
Walmart has the new Super Mario Galaxy bundle available for $518, which doesn’t reflect any direct discounts. If you don’t want the bundle, the standalone console is also available at the current retail price of $449. 
Target has joined in on the “choose your game” bundle as well. You can also save 5% if you have a Target Circle Card.
These wheel accessories can put you directly in the driver’s seat, making them perfect for games like Mario Kart World. This two-pack includes a wheel for both the left and right Joy-Con, so you can easily race against friends. 
This is a great option for those who prefer the feel of a more traditional controller. It’s wireless, supports motion controls and has mappable buttons so you can customize it to suit your playstyle. 
This compact camera plugs directly into the Switch 2 console or the dock’s USB-C port. It allows you to chat with friends or access in-game features for select titles. The camera has a wide-angle lens, which you can adjust to keep yourself in frame easily. It also automatically adjusts its brightness so your face is always visible.
Even with the Switch 2’s boosted storage, you may want to expand its memory with a microSD card. This Samsung Express microSD is designed specifically for Nintendo’s new console and features a unique Mario-inspired design.
Released alongside the console last summer, CNET’s Scott Stein called this game the “best reason to buy a Switch 2 yet.” With massive multilevel worlds, it offers hours of fun and chaotic “smash-everything gameplay” for either one or two players, thanks to its support for local co-op.
Though Nintendo is no longer stocking the Mario Kart World console bundle, you can still pick up this iconic racing game on its own. There are 30 unique tracks, 50 playable characters and you can race up to 23 other players at a time.
Canadian shoppers can get the standalone console for CA$630, the standard price. But the “choose your game” bundle for CA$700 offers better value, saving you CA$40. You can choose between one of the three included titles: Mario Kart World, Donkey Kong Bananza or Pokemon Pokopia.
Best Buy Canada has the Switch 2 console in stock for CA$630. There aren’t any discounts, but you can save up to 15% on select Elgato Game Capture Cards with the purchase of a Nintendo Switch 2 game console.
EB Games doesn’t have any current discounts, bundles, or other offers, but they do have the standalone console and the ‘choose your game’ bundle in stock. Just note that console orders are limited to three per household.
As seems to be the case at most retailers, the Switch 2 console is in stock but is not discounted. 
Like other retailers, Nintendo Canada also has the “choose your game” bundle and the standalone console available for purchase. So take your pick.
Nintendo UK still has the standalone console available, but the Mario Kart World and Pokémon Legends: Z-A bundles are currently sold out.
John Lewis has the standalone console and the Pokemon Pokopia bundle in stock online.
Argos has the standalone console available right now for £16 off. You can also purchase the Pokemon Pokopia but for full price.
Smyths has both the standalone console and the Pokémon Pokopia bundle in stock, with a £16 discount applied to the standalone and £19 for the bundle.
EE has the Switch 2 console available, as well as bundles with various games or accessories. And you can save up to £27 on the bundles and £11 on the standalone console.
Currys only has the standalone console available right now.
Game has the standalone Switch 2 and the Pokemon Pokopia bundle available.
The Game Collection has the standalone console available, as well as a handful of other unique bundles. 
The standalone console costs $450 and a bundle with a game is $500. However, Nintendo recently announced a price increase. Beginning Sept. 1, the standalone console will go up by $50 to $500.
For $500 you can get the “choose your game” bundle, which includes a digital copy of either Mario Kart World, Donkey Kong Bananza or Pokémon Pokopia. Since the games sell for around $80 on their own, you’re saving $30 with this bundle.
Though it’s getting pretty tough to find since Nintendo ended restocks, the $500 Mario Kart World bundle saves you $30 compared to purchasing the game and console separately. There’s also the Pokémon Legends: Z-A bundle, but that has been sold out pretty much everywhere since it first hit shelves.
To celebrate the recent release of the Super Mario Galaxy movie, several retailers are also offering $20 off Super Mario Galaxy 1 and 2 when bundled with the console, though this offer isn’t as widespread now that the choose your game bundle is around. Some retailers offer their own unique bundles of games and accessories, which often include a slight discount.
For the new Switch 2, Nintendo has ditched the colored Joy-Cons for a more sleek, monochrome look — although there are still pops of red and blue around the analog sticks. As of now, Nintendo hasn’t said anything about additional colors. Additionally, it’s rumored that Samsung — which makes the displays for the Switch 2 — is pushing for an OLED version of the console.

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
13,2026-07-24,"Yves here. Richard Murphy contends that stock prices could fall by 50%. That may seem a bit extreme until you look at how badly overvalued AI shares are. From a recent post, Bank of International Settlements Warns That AI Crash Could Produce Investment Drought, Economic Contraction and Even a Crisis:
We have embedded the germane section of the BIS Annual Economic Report at the end of this post. The Financial Times made it their lead story:

And the money chart from their write-up:

Note this graphic plots only tech-related bubbles and not real estate ones, which are represent a very large component of collective wealth and are levered on top of that, so that a big fall in value is deflationary. Even so, note how tame the dot-com bubble looks even thought, at the time, its magnitude compared to post-Depression levels was worrisome, even before getting to proof-of-mania practices like valuing companies based on eyeballs. But as you can see, the 1920 boom was even worse. In addition to its its much greater severity, its use of leverage was the reason the bust blew back so hard to the economy. High levels of margin debt wound up generating large losses to banks. The stock market then also had leveraged structures, such as trust of trusts and trust of trusts of trust, that were a lot like the crisis-era collateralized debt obligations.
Even though strict securities laws limit margin debt, the current level is flashing red:
There hasn’t been a better time in a long while to review the quality of your portfolio.
History offers a clear verdict on rising margin debt.
Don’t let FOMO sway you. https://t.co/plx60LYayI pic.twitter.com/q0JXa7VvVE
— Thierry from arvy 🇨🇭 (@ThierryBorgeat) June 27, 2026

The fact that the AI mania makes the dot-com era look tame should focus some minds.
By Richard Murphy, Emeritus Professor of Accounting Practice at Sheffield University Management School and a director of Tax Research LLP. Originally published at Funding the Future
Stock markets in the United States and the United Kingdom are flashing increasingly serious warning signs. Share prices are at extreme valuations, confidence is weakening, and the artificial intelligence boom is beginning to look much less convincing than investors expected.
In this video, I explain why these risks are reinforcing each other and why the consequences could extend far beyond those who directly own shares.
Robert Shiller’s cyclically adjusted price-to-earnings ratio, commonly known as the CAPE ratio, is now close to levels previously associated with the Wall Street crash of 1929 and the dot-com bubble of 2000. History does not tell us exactly when markets will fall, but it does tell us that valuations of this kind cannot be assumed to continue indefinitely.
The danger is not confined to the stock market. Banks and shadow banks have lent vast sums against inflated financial assets. A sharp fall in share prices could therefore spread through the financial system, threaten pensions, undermine lending and create a wider economic crisis.
AI may provide the trigger. The technology is expensive, unreliable and taking longer to implement than many forecasts assumed. If expected profits fail to materialise, the companies supporting today’s extraordinary market valuations could fall sharply.
Is Andy Burnham’s government prepared for that possibility? There is little evidence that it is.

This is the audio version:

The Debate Ammunition for this video is available here.
This is the transcript:
I know I keep on saying that stock markets in the UK and in the USA might crash sometime soon, and I’m going to say it again in this video. Sometime soon I think we’re going to see them topple over the edge, and the value of stock markets is going to tumble. By how much? Well, if we follow the precedents, by up to 50%. That’s what the data tells me, but this video is about more than data.
There are a number of factors which are coming together now to suggest we are facing a crisis, and I’m not now the only person saying it. Martin Wolf in the Financial Times is saying things like this. We are seeing the financial warnings growing. It is time to take them seriously. It is time for our government to take them seriously. This is a crisis of this moment, and it’s one that’s going to happen during the premiership of Andy Burnham. Is he prepared for it? That’s my question.
The warning signs within our economy are now becoming very much harder to ignore. I think there are three of them.
The first is that confidence is weakening right across our society.
The second is that the AI boom is showing serious signs of weakness right now, and I think that’s going to get worse.
And the third is that share prices have reached extreme valuations.
All of these risks reinforce each other. They compound, and they could spill over into other parts of the economy as well, and that’s what I’m worried about.
Let’s look at the first. Alienation is growing within our society. People are feeling alienated from politics and from public life at present. I’m sensing it everywhere. People I talk to. People are turning off from this news channel. People are turning off from the media generally. UK politics feels detached from reality, and people are also alienated by the behaviour of people like Donald Trump. US politics appears increasingly destructive, and that trait is transferring into the UK. People are choosing ignorance as a coping strategy in the face of this. Time and again, people are telling me they’re turning off their social media. They don’t read newspapers anymore. They don’t watch the news. That loss of engagement matters economically.
People are withdrawing because they feel overwhelmed, but that sense of being overwhelmed has a consequence. Markets depend upon confident and informed people. Both of them are disappearing simultaneously. The same people, in fact, are suffering both conditions, and the consequence is a reduction in people’s willingness to spend. That is going to help drive down the economy.
And at the same time, AI is beginning to unravel. We are seeing this, again, everywhere. The people I talk to are all saying, “I’m trying this. I’m getting better at it, and it isn’t really working for me.” AI is not delivering what investors expected. Seven AI companies we know dominate US stock market valuations. They now represent 40% of the extraordinary values that underpin the US stock market. But the reality is that AI is not keeping up with its own hype.
AI is encountering serious commercial problems. We’re even seeing companies like Facebook telling its staff not to use AI as much as they previously did because it’s too expensive. And AI is also proving expensive to implement, and it’s not answering all the problems people expect it to tackle. Bugs are being found in software written by AI. It is not reliable. It often fails to repeat itself, even when undertaking routine tasks, and people are getting frustrated and time is being wasted. Instead of saving labour energy, AI is actually absorbing it.
That means adoption may be much slower than forecast at present, and this is unsurprising. I remember the dot-com bubble. I was involved in the dot-com bubble. I ran a dot-com company at one point. And people were saying the rise of the internet was going to sweep away jobs in a way that didn’t happen. Why? Because implementation took a great deal longer than anyone expected, because people had to adapt to what was going on. And the same is true with AI. The process of adaptation is going to be much slower than people have expected. And as a consequence, AI companies are not going to make the money they have forecast.
There’s also another problem with AI. The public backlash to AI is now very strong. It’s obviously happening. AI-generated content is, for example, widely disliked on social media. People are avoiding it. YouTube is even delisting it, and that’s true of some other channels as well. And automated customer services are often alienating people with whom they interact.
You think you’re getting a great service and then you realise it’s a machine. This has happened to me, and I felt really annoyed when these responses were repeated time and again, and I realised that the company didn’t actually care about me at all. It was just a computer talking to me. Companies may lose goodwill as a result. Replacing people is going to have a real cost. AI profits may fail to meet expectations, but other companies may also see their profits fall if they overly rely on AI as well. And at the same time, social tensions are rising because people are losing their incomes to AI for the time being, and all of that is creating stress.
And then we have to talk about the share valuations that are being driven by AI. We know that this is the major driver of the extraordinary valuation of shares on the US stock market at present. Issues are not as significant in the UK because we do not have a major AI presence on the London Stock Exchange. But when the US stock markets rise, so do those around the world, and we are seeing the same phenomenon in the FTSE 100 to some extent.
This then brings me to the third point. US stock market valuations are extraordinarily high. We know this because we can look at this chart.

It shows Robert Shiller’s Cyclically Adjusted Price-to-Earnings Ratio, in short terms, called the CAPE ratio. And that indicates measures of long-term valuation of shares quoted on US stock markets. In essence, it compares prices with the last 10 years of real earnings in the companies in question, and the long-term average ratio was about 16. In other words, people bought shares on average at about 16 times the average earnings of a company at the point in time that they bought them.
Today that ratio is around 42, over two and a half times more than the average. The chart on the screen now shows how unusual current valuations are. There are three peaks on this chart, and the chart runs from 1900 right through to the present. As you can see, the first peak was in 1929, and we all know what happened then. The second peak was during the dot-com era in around 2000, and we all know what happened next. The third peak, just below that of the dot-com era, is today.
The dot-com era had a peak of 44. Today we have a peak of 42, and after the dot-com era was over, the ratio fell to 15, a massive fall in value, which did admittedly happen in two stages, the second stage being precipitated by the global financial crisis of 2008.
I don’t know what’s going to happen, but I can tell you there’s a pattern in here and that pattern looks to be very uncomfortable. The fact is, markets look incredibly expensive at this point in time. When people are buying shares on the US stock exchange, they’re doing so at a price that represents 42 years’ earnings of the companies whose shares they’re buying. And that is an extraordinarily low rate of real return on the investment that they’re making. And that is something which normally gives rise to a major stock market valuation adjustment, as we saw in 1929, as we saw in 2000, and as we might see again. My point is the market says “this time it is different”, but they always say that, and history says it never is.
There are several risks that could trigger a market fall; of course, the economic, social, and political confidence I’ve already talked about is one of them. Another is war, and Donald Trump is creating growing global uncertainty about the war in the Gulf. And climate costs are also being ignored, and the world now knows they’re real after the summer we are suffering, which is worse in many countries than it is here. Political instability is also spreading. And amongst all of this, AI companies do appear overvalued, and as I’ve already mentioned, the hype appears to be over.
That means that there looks to be a situation where the bubble might burst. I can’t pretend otherwise. Once confidence breaks, prices can fall quickly. The chart shows that. The collapse in 1929 was very rapid. The collapse in 2000 was very rapid, but not quite as fast as 1929. The collapse now could be as strong, and the fall in valuations could be as big as it was on those occasions, which means that share prices might halve.
These things are all now possible, and the probability of that correction happening is increasing. As I say, even the Financial Times is talking about it as though it is almost a certainty and they’re doing so regularly.
The risk is that a crash would spread beyond stock markets. If the crash was just within stock markets, the question would be: so what? It would have a bit of a risk with regard to some people’s prospects with regard to their retirement, and I don’t take that lightly, but the fact is that the stock market crash will not be contained only within that market.
Banks have lent heavily against inflated share prices, and in the shadow banking sector, it’s thought highly likely that trillions of dollars could be involved in this lending process. Financial stability could therefore be seriously threatened if the shadow banking sector comes under risk, and that is translated into the mainstream banking sector as a consequence.
The Bank of England thinks these risks are real. I’m not talking here about something which I’m making up. This is a mainstream concern. The Bank of England think that’s how the contagion will spread. This would then become an economy-wide problem. This would impact government. This is going to be the biggest threat that Andy Burnham might face during his Prime Ministership. This could all happen well and truly before 2029. And ignoring these political risks is utterly irresponsible. Yet that is what our politicians are doing.
They keep talking about growth as if it’s the only credible strategy for their economic policy, but governments should be preparing for financial disruption instead. Failing to plan for that disruption could destroy Andy Burnham’s premiership long before he gets to a 2029 general election, but we’ve not heard him say a word about this risk, and that is what worries me.
I don’t think 50% would be extreme at all, given the valuations and the debt implosion that is likely to happen. Hussman has interesting models based on historical valuations and outcomes, and this suggested that even 70% off wouldn’t be outlandish. 
In a real crash, stocks don’t merely revert to fair value; they tend to overshoot to deeply undervalued. Although that never happened in 2008/2009. At the bottom stocks became somewhat cheap but never ridiculously cheap, due to all government and central bank interventions and also China counterbalancing the debt implosion in the West. 
The question is if such interventions would be possible this time, with bloated central bank balance sheets, governments deep in debt and China now having its own debt problems. Everybody expects a central bank “put option” to be able to contain such a crash, but what if the central bank itself is in trouble? With high inflation due to real physical constraints, can/ should you sacrifice the currency to save the stock market?
Every stock crash tends to be unique as investors and governments respond based on the last crash within living memory.  So it can be extremely hard to predict the reaction to a sharp drop, especially as the upcoming crash will probably occur at a time when the economic fundamentals are a lot weaker than with the last one, in particular with such high oil prices, ongoing climate disruption and world manufacturing under such stress from the incoming China shock.   And to add to the confusion, US, European, Japanese and other Asian stock markets seem to be diverging in all sorts of ways – many seem to resemble prediction markets more than traditional stock markets.  
The only certainty is that someone will, through sheer dumb luck, get a major prediction right and will make lots of money selling books and movie rights for the following decade based on their supposed financial genius.
To your last point; just like Napoleon and his “lucky” generals.
Stock market “crashes” are where Meritocracy is shown for the hollow shell it is.
Justice may not be blind, but Fate certainly is.
Stay safe.
Another match that could ignite the fall is the price of crude/gas. IIRC, crude hit $147 a barrel in July of 2008. We know what happened a few months later. American’s cannot afford $5 gas, and given what’s going on in the Middle East, an oil price spike isn’t out of the question.
“Could a Crash Halve Stock Prices?”   Of course it could.  Will it? Probably.
When will it happen?  If I know that I’ll soon be rich. My bet would be before the Spring. Maybe much before.
Is the outlook grim?  Aye, aye, Skipper. Really grim.
I suppose it’s a measure of how grim things are that even a blithering idiot like Murphy has noticed.
Yes, of course.
And 100% in some cases.
I’m just thankful that Trump is a stable genius or we’d be in deep doodoo and sinking fast.
Oh, wait.
I believe the diagnosis was ‘Very stable genius’ …
Have faith Citizen Investor. The “well off” will be trying to float on the rising tide with solid gold life vests.
I will admit that Trump is a Stable Coin Genius.
To imagine that we voted for a “Disruptor” and instead got a “Grifter-In-Chief.” (I personally can rest easy knowing that I “wasted my vote” in pulling the lever for the Greens. I even voted for Perot way back when we hunted for Mammoths on the frozen tundra.)
Stay safe.
The Fed has almost unlimited money printing power, and it can leverage this with derivatives.  They will use this power to “stabilize” the market.  This was originally known as the Greenspan put.
The Fed could buy S&P 500 futures. I think (not totally sure of the exact number) the leverage is 20 to 1. It would directly support the S&P and send a signal. Also the US government could buy shares of AI companies for “national security” reasons.
Nonetheless this wouldn’t counteract the fall-off of investment caused by AI companies failing to make the profits they expect. The economy would still sink, just not as low as if S&P were devastated and the top 10% cut way back on spending as a result. Recall the top 10% by income account for 50% of consumption spending and are very heavily “invested” in the stock market.
“The risk is that a crash would spread beyond stock markets.”  
Almost certainly correct.  We are witnessing skyrocketing market valuations, skyrocketing debt, and skyrocketing inequality.  Not a hopeful set of symptoms.  And this syndrome is largely based on three myths: an invincible US dollar, an invincible US military, and an insatiable demand for AI.  But what is worse is that underpinning all this is an oligarchic designed architecture that has given us a deindustrialized and financialized economy, optimized for maximum wealth extraction from the 90% to the top 10%, along with a broken healthcare system, a broken higher education system, a broken housing system, and a money-corrupted and broken political system.  When the damn breaks the flood will engulf just about everyone.
So what is a retiree like me supposed to do?  Take our modest IRA’s out of market indexes to what?  Treasuries? Money market?  Someone will make out “ like bandits” even in a crash, but I fear it won’t be us pensioners.
As always, ask yourself – “what would Warren do?”
Bail now, get back in when prices have tanked?
Caveat: Friend just had someone hack into and peel her bank account empty, SS deposits is all she has.
Pretty farking scary, and very very troublingly sad. 
FOMO FAFO TACO TOFU DOODOO.
Bail, if your plan allows get CDs all under $250k, which I know of one person in 2007 who had dozens of FDIC secured CDs.
Buffet was for cash several years now.
Who could foresee that GOOGL with its best revenue and great margins has negative free cash.  That means mean GOOGL could have a solvency problem, with hundreds of billions debt back by leases, internal and with likes of Anthropic for collateral.
Some of them rhyme with Enron.
While open source and China AI need a fraction of big lab AI compute.  
US cannot have efficient AI if it means GOOGL et. al. take a big haircut.
When your portfolio is all from the 401-K and will incur income tax if withdrawn, you’re in a tight spot, no? Or could it be rolled into another built entirely with CDs? Or perhaps the Jason Boxman method described just below.
So what we’re doing for my mother, is we’ve got a Fidelity account and you can use their Fixed income section on the web page to buy 4 week treasury bills. It is not intuitive, as you need to do it when the action is happening or thereabouts, so it shows up as an option to buy. Then you click the reinvestment button.
I like to take the amount and divide by 4; Then you buy 4 week treasuries 4 times, so at any time 25% of your money you can stop renewal and it becomes available the following week. You’ll get the 4 week treasury rate.
These are zero coupon and sold at a discounted face amount. At maturity, you get the full face amount. The difference is the interest that’s paid on the treasury bill. Per Fidelity
> Typically, 4-week T-bills are offered each week, except for holidays or special circumstances. Offerings are announced on Tuesdays, and auctions are auctioned on Thursdays, generally at 1:00 p.m. ET. T-bills are then issued on the following Tuesday. As for trading Treasury bills, notes, and bonds available at auction, they are not listed on our website until between 2:00 and 3:00 p.m. ET on the Announcement date. Once they are listed online, you can indicate your interest until the Auction date at 10:00 a.m. ET for bills, and 11:00 a.m. ET for notes and bonds. Check out this PDF on trading auction Treasury Securities/TIPS here at Fidelity.

So you gotta wait until they’re listed, then you can jump. If you auto-reinvest, you only have to deal with this hassle 4 times in 4 weeks.
Just take a bubble and blow it to the plebes,
Then watch the money that funnels into me,
My face swells so bigly into your eyes,
Disturbing the living of your lives.
Shreds of your memories are taken in my grasp
Stolen words of Reddit are a gravy train from the past
Photographs of you and yours, data in my fields
Letters of your memories are my spiel.
Wearing greatness on my shoulders like a Technicolor overcoat
With pockets stuffed to bursting with the money from all you mopes
By daybreak I’ll have sold you a metric ton of lies
Disturbing the living of your lives,
Of your lives, of your lives, lives, lives, lives
Of your lives 
Emerson, Lake & Palmer – Take A Pebble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sb6xWcqlpdw
Overhyped AI seems to be intertwined in everthing and I’ve been reading about how the bond market might be a slippery slope too.  No safe spaces.   May we live in interesting times, indeed.
We’re talking about stock indexes, plenty of “stocks” have dropped by 50% recently.  The indexes are propped up by a fairly small number of high flyers, 50% of the Nasdaq market cap is contributed by just 6 stocks.  Even the S&P 500 owes it’s total to just 22 stocks.
The next crash will provide the opportunity to “privatize” the public square. Time to pay your property taxes? Great, please make your check out to Amazon.com (or whatever consortium now owns the revenue streams it has purchased from your state government). Water, power, policing? The halls of power already rotting under the stench of gross corruption. This is the result of the general population turning their backs (and in some cases even idolizing) to the vast accumulation of wealth into the hands of the few. Worried about bailouts? Government is already co-opted.
“Since corrupt people unite amongst themselves to constitute a force, then honest people must do the same.” Tolstoy.
If it’s not too late then it’s certainly reached the “it’ll take a miracle” stage for honest men to unite en mass.
The stock market is the way the rulers control the management class.  The bright, educated, and skilled are yoked into service and mental obedience to advance the goals of the rulers.
You may pay for college for your kids, perhaps a second home and a ritzy car.  All you have to do is support the system designed to keep about a thousand people on top of a mountain of pain and despair.  Gleefully rub your tender hands together for 11% a year and shut up about changing the system. Sidestep the homeless and console your sister about her dead teenager who just died from a hot fentanyl shot.  The market is the system, its neither random nor uncontrolled.  
An alternative view might be that it is the measure of how much control normal people are losing each year.  Gosh darn it Mabel, the monopolies beat us for another 11%!
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
 





	SUBSCRIPTIONS
"
14,2026-07-24,"This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with Leslie Sonnenklar, a 55-year-old communications and content professional from Phoenix, Arizona. It's been edited for length and clarity.
I was laid off in March 2025, and honestly, the job search since then has been one of the most frustrating and defeating experiences of my life.
As a professional in my mid-50s, I have more than 32 years of experience in the communications industry. I started my career in 1994 as a marketing coordinator, owned my own business for 11 years, and most recently served as the director of content and communications at a marketing agency.
Over the last 14 months, I've applied for over 300 jobs. I've tailored my résumé, written thoughtful cover letters, reached out to hiring managers, met with recruiters, and tried to keep an open mind about positions with titles similar to those I held much earlier in my career.
Many people are nice and say things like, ""Oh, I've been there twice"" or even three times. I've never been in a situation where I couldn't find a job. It's difficult, and sometimes I feel embarrassed. Still, I have to believe that I'll find something — that it's all a blip —and I'll pick right back up where I left off.
In Still in the Game, Business Insider is chronicling the realities of job hunting in your 50s — from overcoming age bias and navigating career transitions to rebuilding confidence, updating skills, and finding new opportunities in a competitive job market. Read more stories here, and share your own experience here.
LinkedIn will say ""over 100 people"" have applied to a job — but that could mean 101 or 1,001. It makes me feel like the odds are stacked against me before anyone has even seen my résumé.
I find it hard to believe companies look at my résumé and think I'm not qualified. I make it a point to tailor every résumé with AI to align my experience with what they say they want in the job description. I know I bring value. I bring good judgment, perspective, maturity, creativity, and decades of experience helping organizations strengthen their brand.
Try a
                                Level Up action pack.
Build a calm, realistic plan to recover from job loss and move toward your next role.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
I truly want to learn and innovate, and I even taught younger people how to use AI at my last agency. It's been hard to stay optimistic, but I know I have to because I still need to come across as professional, capable, and qualified.
The only conclusion I can come to is that I'm overqualified for a lot of these jobs, or they think that I'm too stuck in my ways because I've been doing this for 32 years. I believe ageism is at play in today's job market. I was even told by recruiters: only include the last 10 years of your job history.
A company can hire someone in their 20s or 30s and pay them less, and mold them. Maybe companies are looking to teach younger employees along the way and pay them less than what they'd pay someone with my experience.
Companies say they're looking for experienced people, but the job descriptions read like they're looking for a unicorn. I've seen roles that want one person to lead strategy, write copy, manage SEO, be an analytics expert, and even handle design. Those aren't the same skill sets, and senior communications professionals shouldn't have to have all of those to prove their value.
In 2025, I was only applying for remote jobs because that's what I ideally want. But after nine months and only a few interviews, I started applying to jobs with companies in the Phoenix area.
I also pivoted away from applying to jobs posted on LinkedIn and started focusing more on jobs where I could find an inside connection or referral. When you're out of work and doing everything you can, even a small introduction can feel like a lifeline.
One of the more frustrating things has been reaching out to people I know — including people I've known for years — and getting no response.
Occasionally, someone has been kind enough to make an introduction to a hiring manager or recruiter, and I've secured a couple of interviews that way, but it hasn't been enough.
This search has been one of the most humbling experiences of my life. I never thought I'd be in this situation. The constant questions from family and friends come from a good place, but every time I have to say, ""No, I still haven't found a job,"" it makes the process feel even more defeating.
I'm not worried about my future retirement, financial plans, or sense of stability yet. I've saved well — I was smart and planned financially, should something like this ever happen.
It does bother me, though, that I want to be prepared when I do retire, and I've spent the last year not contributing to that retirement. I also know that it's just a matter of not finding that right opportunity. I know in my heart that I'll find something.
Do you have a story to share about navigating your career in your 50s? If so, please reach out to the reporter at tmartinelli@businessinsider.com.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
15,2026-07-24,"
			        July 24, 2026 6:30am by
			        Barry Ritholtz 
My end-of-week morning reads:
• The Credit Market Lens: Rich Spreads, Cheap Treasuries, and an Incomplete Explanation: The evolution of credit spreads remains driven primarily by credit fundamentals, investor risk appetite, flows, and broader market technicals rather than relative value between Treasuries and swaps. (PIMCO)
• Meet All The Middle Aged Women Who Don’t Exist: They’re all gorgeous. They’re all “57.” And they’re all selling you NMN. AI-generated wellness influencers targeting women over 40 — fake people selling real supplements with fabricated testimonials. The grift is sophisticated and growing fast. (Charlotte’s Book) see also The Fake Influencers Selling Wellness on Your Feed: The New York Times video investigation of the same phenomenon. (New York Times)
• Palantir’s greatest enemy: Not competition or regulation. The thing most likely to undo Palantir is its relationship with the U.S. government. Barrett Brown has spent 15 years investigating Peter Thiel. Now he lives in exile in Mexico. But he’s plotting his comeback (Dispatch)
• How Wall Street’s Bots Are Cashing In on Trump’s Truth Social Posts: Traders who already monitor the president’s pronouncements with automated systems can pay for an ultrafast feed. At least five firms have signed up. (Wall Street Journal) but see also The ‘decayed’ impact of Trump’s Truth Social bombs: Markets are gradually learning to ignore the president. (Financial Times free)
• Forever chemicals are hidden in farm soil. Scientists found a new way to remove them: Existing methods of PFAS cleanup are expensive. A new approach is an order of magnitude cheaper—and could also help fight climate change. (Fast Company)
• The breakthrough changing how Americans donate organs: A growing form of donation is expanding the organ supply in the US — and testing how medicine protects dying patients. (Vox)
• ‘Ideological Emigration’: The Most Optimistic Israeli in Jerusalem Is Leaving the Country: Former brain researcher Hagai Agmon-Snir is behind a raft of initiatives to promote tolerance between Israelis and Palestinians, but he now has a one-way ticket to Italy. For him, Israel has become hopeless. A Haaretz profile of an Israeli who spent years arguing that things would get better — and finally gave up. The piece says as much about the state of Israel as it does about the man. (Haaretz) See also A Growing Number of Americans Are Seeking Residency and Citizenship Abroad—Here’s Where They’re Going: The emigration wave continues. Condé Nast Traveler maps where Americans are going — Portugal, Mexico, New Zealand, Ireland — and what’s pushing them out. It’s part of a global trend of travelers building so-called “sovereign portfolios,” a new report shows. (Conde Nast Traveler)
• ‘See the whole world in lichens,’ the marvels that grow anywhere: You might think that in the kingdom of green that is our Northwest, the mighty Douglas fir is supreme, or perhaps the red cedar. Ah, but consider the humble, the ancient, the ultimate in Northwest non-fussy, the enduring, inspiring signature of our regional character. That companion to Washington landscapes, whether east side or west, that thrives on just about any surface — dry, wet, bright, dark, hard, soft, natural, manufactured, whatever. Consider lichens. (Seattle Times)
• The history of stadium design in 15 buildings. From Ancient Greece Colosseum to SoFi Stadium to the modern Gulf States, the stadium’s evolution over millennia has relied on numerous innovations, many of them first tested at the buildings on this list. How the places where we watch sports have evolved, and what they reveal about the cultures that built them. (De Zeen)
• The Biggest Hygiene Mistakes People Make in the Pool: We asked infectious disease doctors and water-quality experts which hygiene mistakes they see most. Here’s what you’re probably getting wrong—and what to do instead. (Time)
Video of the day: Jamie Dimon: Why I Won’t Buy Bonds, AI’s Future & Leadership Lessons
Be sure to check out our Masters in Business interview this weekend with Lori Heinel, Global Chief Investment Officer of State Street Investment Management, the money management arm of investing giant State Street. She oversees over $5.7 trillion in assets (as of year-end 2025), which includes everything from index funds and ETFs to active strategies, multi-asset solutions, and alternatives. She was named to Forbes’ 2025 “50 Over 50” list.
IPOs Have Been a Losing Bet Since 2019

Source: Apollo
 
Sign up for our reads-only mailing list here.
 
This content, which contains security-related opinions and/or information, is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon in any manner as professional advice, or an endorsement of any practices, products or services. There can be no guarantees or assurances that the views expressed here will be applicable for any particular facts or circumstances, and should not be relied upon in any manner. You should consult your own advisers as to legal, business, tax, and other related matters concerning any investment.  The commentary in this “post” (including any related blog, podcasts, videos, and social media)  reflects the personal opinions, viewpoints, and analyses of the Ritholtz Wealth Management employees providing such comments, and should not be regarded the views of Ritholtz Wealth Management LLC. or its respective affiliates or as a description of advisory services provided by Ritholtz Wealth Management or performance returns of any Ritholtz Wealth Management Investments client.   References to any securities or digital assets, or performance data, are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute an investment recommendation or offer to provide investment advisory services. Charts and graphs provided within are for informational purposes solely and should not be relied upon when making any investment decision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The content speaks only as of the date indicated. Any projections, estimates, forecasts, targets, prospects, and/or opinions expressed in these materials are subject to change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by others.   The Compound Media, Inc., an affiliate of Ritholtz Wealth Management, receives payment from various entities for advertisements in affiliated podcasts, blogs and emails. Inclusion of such advertisements does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by the Content Creator or by Ritholtz Wealth Management or any of its employees. Investments in securities involve the risk of loss. For additional advertisement disclaimers see here: https://www.ritholtzwealth.com/advertising-disclaimers  Please see disclosures here: https://ritholtzwealth.com/blog-disclosures/
Previous Post
Next Post

Read More 
Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry daily.




How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy
Learn More...



    © 2026    The Big Picture  
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks.




Subscribe
"
16,2026-07-24,"Even before 3D graphics and advanced shaders became common in the gaming world, there were concerns that virtual violence looked too realistic. Fighting games in the 1990s were routinely toned-down by having gratuitous displays of blood removed, which was often seen as disappointing by dedicated fans. [Raphaël Boichot] has been working to right this wrong in one obscure case, by rectifying the lack of blood in Sengoku 2.
Sengoku 2 was a title released in 1993 for the Neo Geo AES/MVS and the Neo Geo CD. It hit the market with relatively tame graphics that didn’t reflect the realistic amount of blood that should be released when an enemy was chopped in half with a sword. Noting that there was no simple DIP switch configuration or bit to flip to enable a more adult version of the game, [Raphaël] decided to create a custom blood hack the hard way. What ensued was a heavy-duty reverse engineering effort, swapping out palettes, and carefully editing tilesets in order to turn the censored graphics into something more lurid. A lot of artistic decisions had to be made to manipulate things just so in order to create a pleasing effect that didn’t mess up other aspects of the graphics at the same time.
If you’re a big Sengoku 2 fan, or you just want to learn more about reverse engineering and hacking on an obscure platform, dive into the project and enjoy the learnings. Otherwise, dive into the entirely different sorts of blood-related hacks we’ve featured over the years.


I was going to make a comment but then decided against it. 🥲
I’m glad you didn’t, I wish I did the same thing.
I was going to ask you both why and then decided against it =:>
Hacking retro anything with modern tools feels pretty wild. Cracking the case of something then and feeling how daunting it was versus looking into that same device or software now is a whole other matter. Good on Raphaël Boichot for this little passion project. Scientist by day, blood spattering video game hacker by night?
Hey Zoe, you might as well disable comments on this one, that will take less time than removing all comments every time someone posts something not to your liking.
and to be on topic again: where is the uncensored Lazy Larry?
Leisure suit Larry.  Lazy Larry is something entirely different.
yeah, that one
“ken sent me”
“You wonder how many naugas had to give their all just to decorate this sleazehole”
Please be kind and respectful to help make the comments section excellent. (Comment Policy)
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed."
17,2026-07-24,"Strategy (MSTR), the biggest corporate holder of bitcoin, has created a new market metrics framework, replacing gross BTC-based figures with net equivalents that take out the company's growing preferred stock and convertible debt obligations. The purpose of the new framework is to give common equity holders a more transparent overview of the company’s position. The metric overhaul is part of a broader pattern, with Strategy repeatedly refining its guidance over the past year as it grapples with a bear market that began in October. The company’s flagship preferred stock, STRC, trades near $85 and has not returned to its intended $100 par value since mid-May.Bitcoin is currently trading at roughly $65,000, 50% below its all-time high, while MSTR sits 84% below its November 2024 peak. 
The first metric is the new ""Net Reserve"", which currently sits at $36.6 billion. That figure takes Strategy's $55.6 billion BTC reserve (843,775 BTC), adds $3.2 billion in USD reserves, then subtracts $6.8 billion in out-of-the-money convertible debt and $15.5 billion in notional preferred, the $22.3 billion in senior claims that rank ahead of common shareholders in any liquidation scenario.The company has also updated its multiple to net asset value (mNAV) formula. Under the old accounting method, the accretion threshold would usually keep the company’s mNAV above 1.0x, making it increasingly difficult to know whether new share issuance was actually beneficial for existing holders. The new formula anchors that threshold permanently at 1.0x — if MSTR trades above it, issuing new shares adds BTC per share for all investors. 
According to the company, the formula is: MSTR Price, divided by Net Bitcoin Per Share, representing whether MSTR trades above or below Net Bitcoin Per Share after debt and preferred claims.The BTC Floor ARR is the minimum sustained BTC growth rate over the credit structure's duration before restructuring becomes a consideration for the company. Currently, the BTC Breakeven ARR sits at 3.22%, meaning bitcoin only needs to appreciate faster than that rate annually for Strategy to fund all interest and dividend obligations through BTC gains alone, in perpetuity.Strategy has also introduced new bitcoin market metrics, such as the premium to the 200-week moving average and the Fear and Greed Index.
Markets repositioned since June, but Binance held share (~55% user funds, ~24% spot) and drew net inflows in early July while the tracked market saw outflows.
Markets repositioned since June, but Binance held share (~55% user funds, ~24% spot) and drew net inflows in early July while the tracked market saw outflows.
Why it matters:
Markets repositioned since June, but Binance held share (~55% user funds, ~24% spot) and drew net inflows in early July while the tracked market saw outflows.
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
18,2026-07-24,"The vote is non-binding and will still need sign off from the FDA.
An advisory committee for the Food and Drug Administration has narrowly voted to add six peptides to a drug compounding list.
Over a two-day hearing on Thursday and Friday, the Pharmacy Compounding Advisory Committee voted to recommend that BPC-157, KPV, TB-500, MOTS-c, Epitalon and Semax be added to an approved list of ingredients that specialty pharmacies can use to make custom medications.
The decision could reshape how Americans access peptides, siding with popular demand over warnings from the agency's own scientists.
The vote is non-binding and will still need sign off from the FDA. Robert F. Kennedy Jr, who oversees the FDA as the Health and Human Services Secretary, has expressed his support for peptides.  
Peptides are strings of amino acids, smaller than a protein. Some -- like insulin and GLP-1s -- are FDA-approved medicines that have been rigorously tested. But others have exploded in popularity online despite a lack of robust data, with influencers suggesting they can help build muscle, improve metabolism and more.
The panel rejected adding a seventh peptide, emideltide, to the list, citing especially weak evidence. The compound was proposed as an under-the-skin injection to treat narcolepsy and opioid withdrawal, yet clinical studies used an intravenous route, which puts an injection directly into a vein.
The studies consisted of a single patient case report for narcolepsy and two small, uncontrolled studies for opioid withdrawal. The FDA also noted emideltide is poorly understood and that well-tested, approved treatments already exist for both conditions.
The votes exposed a deep divide between the outside advisers, appointed under the Kennedy-led HHS, and the FDA's own reviewers. Six of the eight recently appointed members run clinics that offer peptides. 
FDA staff scientists had unanimously opposed every peptide being added to the list, citing a lack of solid clinical trial data, inconsistent recipes from batch to batch and the risk the compounds could trigger harmful immune reactions.
The committee members who voted yes framed their support as a way to reduce harm, steering consumers away from a booming online black market, where many people already buy these compounds from overseas sellers as unregulated ""research chemicals,"" with no doctor involved and no guarantee of what's in the vial.
""As a physician, I have to make sure that I'm keeping patients as safe as possible,"" panel member Dr. Haleem Mohammed said on Thursday. ""So, when I look at something like saying no to this and pushing it to the gray market, am I doing greater harm? That's what I lose sleep at night over.""
Public health advocates and agency scientists strongly pushed back, warning that adding these peptides to the list could set a dangerous precedent.
""Would the government endorse manufacturing heroin because it's cleaner than what is sold on the street?"" Dr. Adriane Fugh-Berman, a professor of pharmacology and physiology at Georgetown University, said during public testimony. ""Just because a market is large doesn't mean that a product should be legalized. It means that a product should be studied.""
Adding these peptides to the list does not turn them into supplements anyone can grab off a store shelf nor does it mean the FDA has declared them safe or effective.
Instead, it opens a narrow, regulated path. Specially licensed compounding pharmacies that mix customized medications for individual patients could legally buy the raw ingredients and prepare them for someone with a doctor's prescription.
Landing on the list does require some safeguards, such as confirming where ingredients come from and testing them for contamination.
But these custom-mixed products still skip key protections that come with standard FDA-approved drugs, including ongoing tracking of dangerous side effects and clear safety labeling.
The recommendations are not binding. Before anything becomes official, the FDA must review the meeting records, public comments and votes, then publish proposed rules and open them for feedback, a process that can take up to a year.
However, top public health officials could speed things along. Kennedy has publicly backed wider access to peptides, casting restrictions as unnecessary barriers that may push patients to the grey market.
The recommendations are a major win for the fast-growing telehealth, wellness and medical spa industries, which stand to profit from offering more treatments.
Drug manufacturers oppose the move, warning it creates a loophole around the years of clinical trials normally required to approve a medication.
For now, safety advocates and scientists worry patients will mistake a spot on the list for an official stamp of approval.
""When you write a script for TB-500, what form do you think your patients are getting? Does anyone know? I certainly don't,"" Russell Wesdyk, associate director for Regulatory Affairs at the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, said during the hearing. ""If you don't know what it is and I don't know what it is, how do I put it on the list?""
Yonathan Daniel, M.D., is an internal medicine resident physician at NYU Langone Health and a member of the ABC News Medical Unit
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events"
19,2026-07-24,"YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    Instacart, YouTube Music join a Connected Apps expansion in Google's AI Mode
                                

                                    Pixel 11 leak reveals double the storage and a price hike you won't like
                                

                                    The Fitbit app is rebranding and becoming Google Health — here's what to know
                                
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
EU slaps Google with another huge fine for favoring its own services and blocking app alternatives.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Google’s battles with European regulators are far from over. After recently losing its fight against the EU’s record €4.1 billion antitrust fine over Android's market dominance, the European Commission has now issued its first fines against the company under the Digital Markets Act (DMA).
The EU announced that it has fined the company €890 million (around $1 billion), saying that Google broke the Digital Markets Act (DMA) by giving its own services an unfair advantage in Search, and limiting how Android developers can reach customers outside the Play Store.
The penalties are divided into two parts. Google was fined €460 million for allegedly favoring its products, including Shopping, Hotels, Transport, and Sports results, over rival services in Google Search. EU regulators said that Google's services were consistently given better placement and richer visual treatment than rival services, making it harder for competitors to get visibility.
The second fine, worth €430 million, was imposed on Google Play. The Commission said Google blocked developers from directing users freely to cheaper offers or alternative payment methods outside the Play Store. Under the DMA, developers should be able to promote those options without facing restrictive conditions, and Google’s steering-related fees were also found to be higher than what regulators consider acceptable.
These are the first fines that Google has received under the DMA, Europe’s landmark law aimed at reigning in the power of the biggest “gatekeepers” in the tech industry. The ruling also orders Google to change its Search ranking practices and its Play Store policy to comply with the law. Failure to take corrective action within 60 days can result in additional penalties based on the company’s global revenue.
Android Central has contacted Google for a statement and will update this article when we hear back. Anyway, the tech giant is expected to appeal the decision but will continue discussing possible compliance measures with regulators.
I don’t think most people will lose sleep over Google getting another billion dollar fine, but if these rulings push Google to give developers more freedom and make Search a little fairer, that’s ultimately a win for users. At the same time, I can’t help but notice the pattern here: Google changes its products, regulators object, Google appeals, and the process repeats itself. For years, you’d think we’d be talking about lasting fixes after billion-euro penalties instead of another chapter in the same regulatory saga.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
Jay Bonggolto always keeps a nose for news. He has been writing about consumer tech and apps for as long as he can remember, and he has used a variety of Android phones since falling in love with Jelly Bean. Send him a direct message via X or LinkedIn.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
20,2026-07-24,"For the past few months, the stock market has been dominated by twin narratives: (1) the long-term viability of the AI trade and (2) the impact of the Iran war.
On a day in, day out basis, the narrative has rotated. A multi-billion-dollar AI-infrastructure collaboration might juice tech stocks one day. The next day that same group might rally because of data showing inflation is cooling.
They've also served as cover for one another. If a major chipmaker issues a disappointing sales forecast, that might be offset by a deescalation in US-Iran tensions.
Long story short, there's usually something to either excite investors, or at least temper any negativity. And that's helped keep major indexes up within shouting distance of record highs — albeit with some volatility along the way.
On Thursday, that volatility reared its angry head in a way that felt different, because the sell-off was a byproduct of both headwinds flaring up at the same time.
The trading session ended with the S&P 500 down 1.2% and the tech-heavy Nasdaq 100 losing nearly 2%. The damage was even deeper in AI-adjacent areas like the Magnificent 7, which collectively tanked 4%.
Ultimately, the episode amounted to two of the market's most important catalysts combining to form a giant arrow lower for stocks. In many ways, the situation offers a glimpse at a worst-case scenario of sorts for stocks. Let's unpack both parts:
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
What's happened: After a blissful and brief period back below pre-war levels, crude oil prices have surged back above $100 as the US and Iran conflict has reignited. This, in turn, has sent inflation expectations higher. Investors have been on high alert for this after seeing the impact of a prolonged Strait of Hormuz closure reflected in CPI data.
A hotter inflation forecast has investors starting to accelerate expectations for rate hikes, which have historically been kryptonite for stocks. This entire chain of events helps explain the market's bad day on Thursday.
What's next: As always, the ball is in the court of the Trump administration, and their negotiation counterparts from Iran. The market has shown itself to be desperate for a peace deal, and more than willing to price one in. All they need are some signs of progress, which have been scant to non-existent lately.
What's happened: On Thursday, Alphabet and Tesla were the latest tech companies to find out that impatient traders are getting tired of capex spending and are instead looking for tangible results. Chipmakers including TSMC found this out earlier this earnings season in what now looks like a warning of what was to come.
Alphabet tumbled 7% after raising its spending forecast, cancelling out strong earnings and immense growth in its AI-focused Google Cloud business. Tesla, meanwhile, fell 15% after pledging more spending and missing profit estimates.
What's next: The rest of the main Magnificent 7 hyperscalers — Meta, Microsoft, and Amazon — report earnings next week. It's safe to say at this point that, no matter what numbers the company reports, none of it will matter if they boost capex spending. And since companies have been unabashed in their deployment, we could be looking at another series of AI-stock sell-offs.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
21,2026-07-24,"
PCPhysical GamesSega 
Sega used to be in the hardware business. And unlike Nintendo, whose early games came in cardboard boxes, the Sonic maker sold its physical cartridges in sturdy plastic cases. Decades after the company abandoned consoles following the launch of the Dreamcast, Sega president Shuji Utsumi said that history still means something, but also that the ongoing digitalization of gaming remains “crucial.”
“When it comes to titles we call ‘full games’ for consoles and PCs, we believe that a digital shift is crucial,” he said in an interview with Japanese publication Famitsu (via a translation by Eurogamer). “Of course, consoles are important, but the proportion of people who play on PCs is steadily increasing. Even in areas where consoles are not widely available, there are many people who say, ‘I can play it on PC.'”
Utsumi continued, “In order to cultivate that market, we believe it is important to strengthen our digitalization. We tend to think from a physical perspective, so I think we need to be more digitally conscious and become more global.”
What about physical packaging, Famitsu asked? “We were originally a platform provider, and of course, we still value the culture of physical media,” he responded. “Rather than completely abandoning that, we are currently challenging ourselves to shift so that we can think about and act on the important aspects of digital media in parallel.”
It’s important to note that these answers weren’t specifically asked in the context of Sony’s decision to end PlayStation discs in 2028, but rather Sega’s broader business perspective on the video game industry. But the answers do suggest that Sega, like other publishers, including Capcom, is increasingly focused on PC as the main pillar of its gaming business rather than home consoles.
As Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot noted on an earnings call this week, PC went all-digital many years ago, and has kept growing as a result. At least on PC, there are competing marketplaces, though DRM-free game releases still remain the exception rather than the norm.
Donât miss the latest reviews, news and tips. Sign up for our free newsletter.

          Turns out that Microsoft's new Xbox emulator is actually an Xbox 360 emulator in disguise
        

          The game's prolonged development will drag it into the PS6 era
        

          LG Electronics' latest pricey model of PC monitor has been automatically forcing ads for McAfee onto consumers' screens, among other things
        

          The Assassin's Creed maker was asked about physical games on its latest earnings call
        

          The former NIS president had some harsh words for the decision
        

          Microsoft says this is just the start of its efforts to bring old Xbox games to the PC
        
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2026 KOTAKU USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
22,2026-07-24,"Elon Musk built Tesla into the world's most valuable carmaker. Now he's betting the company's future on a robot that walks on two legs.
Musk predicts its robot, Optimus, could become ""the biggest product ever,"" with legions of the humanoid robots working in factories, doing household chores, and eventually building more robots. He even has a name for them in the plural: ""Optimi.""
But Tesla has yet to prove the robot can navigate the physical world or perform useful work autonomously, much less that it can be manufactured by the millions.
On Tesla's earnings call this week, Musk offered few details about Optimus and tempered expectations for how quickly production would increase. He said Tesla would begin producing its third-generation robot ""soon"" in Fremont in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Tesla is competing in an increasingly crowded humanoid market. Agility Robotics, which plans to go public, has deployed its Digit robot across nine customer facilities, while Figure AI has announced deployments in logistics and distribution centers this year. Sunday Robotics, 1X, and Weave Robotics are preparing to ship robots into homes this fall.
Guy Hoffman, an associate professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering at Cornell University who leads its human-robot collaboration lab, called humanoids a ""fantasy product.""
Autonomous cars took about 20 years to reach the market after the technology was first shown to work, he told Business Insider. Building humanoids is even harder, and a fully autonomous machine has yet to be developed.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
""Humanoid robots are a very risky bet,"" Hoffman said. ""I don't see the product having a viable future in the near term.""
Musk has never shied away from moonshot projects. But even he has acknowledged that Optimus is harder to develop than Tesla's Model X, Cybertruck, or gigafactories. If Tesla pulls it off, Musk believes Optimus could usher in ""sustainable abundance,"" a future in which AI and robotics make human labor largely optional.
Tesla did not repond to a request for comment from Business Insider
Here's everything we know about Optimus so far:
Musk introduced the ""Tesla Bot"" in 2021 with a person dancing in a robot costume.
Three years later, Optimus robots danced, served drinks, and spoke with guests at Tesla's ""We, Robot"" event. The robots walked on their own, but more complex movements, such as pouring drinks, handing out desserts, and interacting with attendees, were assisted by remote human operators.
Tesla hasn't yet revealed what the next version of Optimus will look like. All we know is that it stands nearly six feet tall and has a humanlike design, a form that one Silicon Valley investor dismissed to Business Insider as a ""parlor trick"". Musk has defended humanoids, arguing that robots must resemble people to perform the full range of human tasks.
Chinese companies, including Unitree and UBTech, accounted for about 90% of humanoid shipments last year, according to technology research firm Omdia. Musk has argued that Optimus will be much more sophisticated than its Chinese rivals, but has shared few details so far.
""Optimus is designed to have a lot of intelligence and to have the same electromechanical dexterity, if not higher, than a human,"" Musk said on a podcast earlier this year. ""Unitree does not have that.""
Even though Tesla has not publicly unveiled the next-generation Optimus, it released photos this week of the Fremont production line, where manufacturing is expected to begin soon. Musk previously said that Tesla was keeping the robot under wraps to prevent competitors from copying its design.
Tesla stopped producing the Model S and Model X in Fremont earlier this year to make room for an Optimus line designed to eventually produce a million robots a year. A second line under construction in Austin is planned to have an annual capacity of 10 million robots.
The first bots will join Tesla's ""Optimus Academy,"" where they will practice tasks and generate data used to improve the AI models that serve as their ""brains."" Musk has said that 10,000 to 30,000 robots will refine their real-world skills at the academy.
On the company's earnings call this week, AI chief Ashok Elluswamy said that the training could push the robots' capabilities to a ""superhuman level.""
Musk cautioned investors this week that production will ramp slowly because there is no established supply chain for many Optimus components.
To make Optimus a reality, Musk says Tesla must solve three problems: intelligence, hands, and mass production.
First, the robot must learn to understand and move through the physical world. Musk believes Tesla's self-driving work gives it a head start because Optimus can use Tesla-designed AI chips and technology developed to help its cars interpret camera footage.
Tesla has adapted its driving simulator, a virtual environment used to train and test its self-driving technology, to train millions of virtual robots. But simulations cannot capture every real-world scenario, so Tesla also needs data from physical tasks. Tesla employees have recorded themselves performing factory jobs, for instance.
Hoffman, the Cornell professor, said Musk is underestimating how much harder humanoid robotics is than self-driving.
""It's like playing checkers versus doing nuclear physics,"" he said. Humanoids must balance on two legs without falling, he added, and today's AI models are still far from operating reliably in the physical world.
The second challenge is what Musk calls the ""hands problem"": replicating the human hand with motors, sensors, and software. A robot hand must combine strength, precision, and flexibility in a remarkably small space, making it exceptionally difficult to engineer.
On Tesla's earnings call this week, Musk said Optimus is being designed to have ""human and then superhuman dexterity."" Achieving that has required Tesla to develop custom motors, gears, and sensors.
The final challenge is scaling up manufacturing. Musk has warned that early production will be ""agonizingly slow."" But once Tesla starts producing a million robots a year — the timeline for which is still unclear — he estimates each Optimus could cost about $20,000 to $25,000 to produce.
Musk has increasingly talked about a ""convergence"" across his business empire, which is becoming more intertwined around AI.
Ahead of and during Tesla's earnings call this week, shareholders and analysts pressed Musk about a rumored merger with SpaceX. Musk wouldn't comment on the speculation, but highlighted the company's synergies, including the Robotaxi and AI businesses.
Musk has previously explained how Optimus could work with SpaceX's technology, which acquired xAI in February. Each robot would have enough computing power to perform some tasks independently, while xAI's Grok could coordinate larger groups, he said.
""Let's say you wanted to build a factory,"" Musk said earlier this year. ""Grok could organize the Optimus robots, assign them tasks to build the factory floor to produce whatever you want.""
Have a tip? Contact Rya Jetha via email at rjetha@businessinsider.com or Signal at rjetha.07. Use a personal email address and a nonwork device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
23,2026-07-24,"Lohia Corp plans an offer for sale to raise funds.  The company's revenue grew significantly while its net profit surged.  Its order book expanded substantially after strong financial performance.  The business is cyclical, depending on agriculture and construction sectors.  Investors with higher risk appetite may consider this long-term opportunity.

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Adani wants to run airlines, but IndiGo isn't liking it
Is Bitcoin finally becoming digital gold equivalent?
“Shortchanged ahead of IPO”, ex-Juniper CEO seeks INR365-cr compensation
As Cult.fit prepares for IPO, questions on balance sheet health weigh
From gym shelves to kitchens, India's whey protein boom hits price pinch
Stock Radar: SBI Cards & Payment Services stock showing signs of turnaround after falling over 30% from highs; time to buy?
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Slideshow
Top Commodities
Top Definitions
Top Prime Articles
Top Story Listing
Top Performing MF
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime








What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
24,2026-07-24,"As I’m writing this, we’re in the middle of an AI-induced mass psychosis. People are literally token-maxxing themselves into hospital beds, scrambling to capture some of that market value before everything is automated away. I can’t blame them. Models keep ge…"
25,2026-07-24,"TikTok is ripping a page from Amazon's playbook.
The social-video app is testing a Prime-style membership program for some US shoppers, according to screenshots of the offering viewed by Business Insider.
The program, called TikTok Shop Plus, is built into Shop, its e-commerce platform. Like Amazon Prime, it offers members a mix of perks like free shipping, product discounts, and coupons.
In one example of the service in action, a hair product normally sold on TikTok for around $57 was discounted to $47 for Plus members, along with free three-day shipping. In another, Plus members were offered a $5 discount on a beauty product that normally costs close to $50.
TikTok is testing the Plus service at various price points, including $6, $10, or $15 a month, according to screenshots viewed by Business Insider.
TikTok did not respond to a request for comment.
The introduction of a membership program could help TikTok keep its shoppers from leaving its app to make purchases, a former Shop staffer said.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
""TikTok, for a long time, watched a lot of their bottom-funnel buyers go over to Amazon,"" the ex-staffer said. People would see an item on TikTok and ""run over to Amazon to make a purchase,"" they added.
""I think TikTok is really trying to squash that and capture as much of those final conversions as they can,"" they continued.
Other large US e-commerce players like Walmart and Target have offered similar membership programs designed to engender customer loyalty, offering free shipping and special discounts for a fee.
TikTok Shop Plus is the latest in a string of product releases and strategy shifts at the ByteDance-founded company that have mirrored offerings popularized by Amazon. Like Amazon, TikTok offers its own full-service shipping and fulfillment service to merchants. It has also leaned into buyer-friendly offerings, such as fast delivery windows.
The overlap in ideas isn't surprising. TikTok hired dozens of Amazon staffers to join its team when it prepared to launch in the US in 2023. Current and former TikTok employees previously told Business Insider that its early staff meetings sometimes felt like Amazon alumni reunions, and that the company adopted similar internal practices, such as using narrative memos to share ideas and encouraging single-person ownership of projects from start to finish.
TikTok's US e-commerce business, which EMARKETER — a Business Insider sister company — forecasts could cross $23 billion in sales this year, is still a small player compared to Amazon, which EMARKETER expects will make more than $500 billion in US sales in 2026.
TikTok is thinking long-term about how it can further crack the US market and build a shopping marketplace that comes closer to the hundreds of billions of dollars its Chinese sister app, Douyin, drives in annual sales.
""There are brands now that are TikTok-Shop first and do their new launches exclusively on TikTok,"" said Kierra Butcher, a TikTok agency partner who works with Shop creators. ""TikTok has proven itself as a marketplace, and the opportunities have continued to grow with time.""
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
26,2026-07-24,"YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    I was fully prepared to hate Samsung's new wider Galaxy Z Fold 8, but after testing it with the new Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra, I've completely changed my tune
                                

                                    Samsung Galaxy Unpacked 2026 launch live: Z Fold 8 Ultra, Z Fold 8, Z Flip 8, and Galaxy Glasses, and everything that's been launched
                                

                                    Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra vs. Galaxy Z Fold 7: A new name with better specs
                                
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Samsung's next foldable could face strong competition from Motorola's first book-style device.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

 




Samsung's Ultra upgrade
Samsung's Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra may look familiar to the predecessor Galaxy Z Fold 7, but there are plenty of upgrades under the hood. It comes with a bigger 5,000 mAh battery, a new 200MP primary sensor, and an updated inner foldable display with a less visible crease. Other improvements include the new Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 processor and a slimmer form factor when unfolded.
 




Motorola goes aggressive
Motorola Razr Fold doesn't feel like the company's first book-style foldable at all. It takes a much more aggressive approach and features an 8.1-inch inner display and a 6.6-inch cover screen, powered by the Snapdragon 8 Gen 5 chip. It also packs a triple-camera setup, a large 6,000mAh battery, and much faster 80W charging.
After weeks and months of leaks, the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 series is finally official. Samsung took the wraps off the lineup at its Galaxy Unpacked event in London on July 22, 2026, launching a new set of foldables. There's the Galaxy Z Fold 8, the ""wider"" of the two, which is set to take on the foldable iPhone arriving later this year, and then there's what Samsung calls its ""Ultra Foldable,"" the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra.
The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra is the successor to last year's Galaxy Z Fold 7. This new ""Ultra"" foldable retains many of the same elements as last year's book-style foldable, but there are plenty of upgrades underneath that make it an even more compelling option this year.
And while it previously seemed like there wouldn't be much competition in the book-style foldable space in the U.S. this year, that's not quite the case. Motorola has also entered the ring with its Razr Fold.
So if you're wondering what sets the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra and the Moto Razr Fold Ultra apart, and how the two compare, here's everything you need to know.
 



Motorola officially launched the Razr Fold in the U.S. on April 29, 2026. The book-style foldable is available for $1,899. The Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra, on the other hand, is the more premium of the two, carrying a starting price of $2,099.
While Samsung has raised the price of its ""taller"" book-style foldable, Motorola has undercut the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra by $200, which is a sizable gap. On top of that, the Razr Fold comes in a single configuration with 16GB of RAM and 512GB of storage.
The Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra, meanwhile, starts with just 256GB of storage and only 12GB of RAM.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
 



The Moto Razr Fold, at first glance, doesn't feel like an entirely new direction for Motorola. It sticks to the company's familiar design language, with a clean back, the Motorola's ""M"" logo in the center, a Razr logo at the bottom, and a squarish camera module housing the triple camera setup.
In typical Motorola fashion, the Razr Fold comes in PANTONE colors like PANTONE Blackened Blue and PANTONE Lily White. It also has slightly rounded corners, along with polished aluminum rails that complement the back panel.
On the other hand, Samsung hasn't made major design changes to the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra compared to last year's Galaxy Z Fold 7. You get a similar form factor, with a taller cover screen and a more squarish inner display, in a design with flat-edged, sharp corners.
 



In terms of dimensions, the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra is pretty much the same as its predecessor. However, Samsung has made the foldable phone even slimmer, so the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra is only 4.1 mm thick when unfolded.
The Razr Fold is both thicker and heavier in comparison. It measures around 160.1 x 144.5 x 4.7 mm when unfolded and weighs 243 grams, whereas the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra comes in at only 215 grams.
 



As for the displays, Motorola seems to have put a lot of focus on them. The Razr Fold ships with a large 6.6-inch P-OLED cover display, which is a 10-bit panel protected by Gorilla Glass Ceramic 3.
The company claims it can hit up to 6,000 nits of peak brightness and is Pantone validated for color accuracy. It also supports Dolby Vision, but what really stands out is the 165Hz refresh rate on the cover display, something you don't usually see on foldable phones.
Inside, the Razr Fold has an 8.1-inch 2K panel. It goes up to 6,200 nits of peak brightness and supports a 120Hz refresh rate.
 



The Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra keeps similar screens to last year's Galaxy Z Fold 7. That means it comes with a 6.5-inch cover Dynamic AMOLED display and an 8-inch inner display. Both displays top out at 120Hz.
The biggest upgrade this time is the less visible crease. Samsung has introduced a new Flex Titanium technology that makes the crease on the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra much less noticeable than in previous generations.
We haven't had a chance to directly compare it to the Razr Fold yet, but so far it looks pretty seamless. It's pretty similar to the improvements we have seen in other foldable phones this year, including the OPPO Find N6.
 



At this price point, you usually expect top-tier hardware and specs, and that's exactly what you get with the Motorola Razr Fold. It ships with the Snapdragon 8 Gen 5 chipset (not the top-end Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5), but from what we've seen, it's still a very capable chip.
The Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra, on the other hand, carries the ""Ultra"" price tag and comes with the Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 for Galaxy, the same chip used in the Galaxy S26 Ultra, which sits a tier above the Snapdragon 8 Gen 5 on the Razr Fold.
Category
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra
Motorola Razr Fold
Operating System
One UI 9 (Android 17)
Android 16
Display
Inner: 8-inch Dynamic AMOLED 2x, 120Hz, crease-free; Outer: 6.5-inch, AMOLED, 120Hz
Inner: 8.1-inch LTPO OLED, 120Hz, 2484 x 2232 pixels, 6200 nits (peak); Outer: 6.6-inch, pOLED, 2520 x 1080 pixels, 165Hz
Stylus support
No
Yes
Processor
Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 for Galaxy
Snapdragon 8 Gen 5
RAM
12GB, 16GB
16GB
Storage
256GB, 512GB, 1TB
512GB
Rear cameras
200MP wide camera, 50MP ultrawide, 10MP telephoto 3x zoom
50MP wide camera, 50MP ultrawide, 50MP telephoto 3x zoom
Front camera
10MP, 10MP
32MP, 20MP
Battery
5,000mAh
6,000mAh
Charging
45W wired
80W wired, 50W wireless
IP rating
IP48
IP49
Weight
215 grams
244 grams
Dimensions
Unfolded: 158.4 x 143.2 x 4.1 mm; Folded: 158.4 x 72.8 x 8.9 mm
Unfolded: 160.02 × 73.66 × 5.08 mm; Folded: 144.78 × 160.02 × 10.16 mm
Colors
Violet Shadow, Graphite, Cream
PANTONE Blackened Blue, PANTONE Lily White
Samsung may lose out on starting storage with the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra, but it's made major strides elsewhere on the internal hardware front. The Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra finally brings a much larger 5,000mAh cell, which is the biggest battery jump we've seen on a Samsung foldable in the last five years. It also supports up to 45W wired fast charging.
That said, the Motorola Razr Fold one-ups the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra here, packing a massive 6,000mAh battery, the largest we've seen on a foldable in the U.S. market. On top of that, it supports 80W wired charging and 50W wireless charging, something most foldables still don't come close to.
 



Another hardware advantage for Motorola is the stylus support. The Razr Fold supports the Moto Pen Ultra, which you can use for note-taking or doodling on the large inner display. It's sold separately for around $100, but the phone supports it natively. The Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra does not support the S Pen.
 



Coming to the camera setup, the Moto Razr Fold features a triple camera system on the back. It includes a 50MP primary sensor, a 50MP ultra-wide with a 122-degree field of view, and a 50MP telephoto lens with 3x optical zoom, which Motorola says can go up to 100x super zoom.
On the front, the cover display houses a 32MP selfie camera, while the inner display uses a 20MP sensor. In terms of video, the Razr Fold supports up to 8K at 30fps and 4K at up to 60fps.
For the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra, Samsung has stuck with the same 200MP primary sensor we first saw on the Galaxy Z Fold 7 last year. There are major changes to the ultra-wide sensor this time around, though, as it jumps from 12MP to 50MP. The 3x telephoto sensor, however, remains unchanged at 10MP.
 



The Moto Razr Fold might be Motorola's first move into the book-style foldable market, but the company has been making foldables for over seven years now, and the Razr Fold looks like a strong entry.
It brings a large display, a big battery with some of the fastest wired charging we've seen on a foldable (even compared to many flagship phones), along with a capable triple camera setup and stylus support, making it a pretty compelling option.
And that $1,899 price tag honestly can't be ignored either. The Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra isn't a bad foldable by any means, but a higher starting price than last year, less RAM in the base model, and no S Pen support, despite the upgrades to the battery, charging speeds, and cameras, all make it a tougher sell.
That said, we'll be going hands-on with both devices and comparing them more deeply in the coming days, so stay tuned.
 




Ultra price tag, minimal upgrades
The Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra focuses on small upgrades rather than a full redesign. There may not be a complete redesign from last year, but it does bring a newer chipset, a bigger 5,000mAh battery with faster charging, and a much-needed camera hardware upgrade.
 




Big battery, big play
The Motorola Razr Fold might be the brand's first book-style foldable, but it's coming in strong with upgrades like an 8.1-inch inner display, a 6,000mAh battery, 80W charging, Snapdragon 8 Gen 5, and a triple camera setup. It may be a bit thicker than the Galaxy Z Fold 8, but it also comes in cheaper.
Sanuj is a tech writer who loves exploring smartphones, tablets, and wearables. He began his journey with a Nokia Lumia and later dived deep into Android and iPhone. He's been writing about tech since 2018, with bylines at Pocketnow, Android Police, Pocket-Lint, and MakeUseOf. When he's not testing gadgets, he's either sipping chai, watching football, or playing cricket.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
27,2026-07-24,"This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with Leslie Sonnenklar, a 55-year-old communications and content professional from Phoenix, Arizona. It's been edited for length and clarity.
I was laid off in March 2025, and honestly, the job search since then has been one of the most frustrating and defeating experiences of my life.
As a professional in my mid-50s, I have more than 32 years of experience in the communications industry. I started my career in 1994 as a marketing coordinator, owned my own business for 11 years, and most recently served as the director of content and communications at a marketing agency.
Over the last 14 months, I've applied for over 300 jobs. I've tailored my résumé, written thoughtful cover letters, reached out to hiring managers, met with recruiters, and tried to keep an open mind about positions with titles similar to those I held much earlier in my career.
Many people are nice and say things like, ""Oh, I've been there twice"" or even three times. I've never been in a situation where I couldn't find a job. It's difficult, and sometimes I feel embarrassed. Still, I have to believe that I'll find something — that it's all a blip —and I'll pick right back up where I left off.
In Still in the Game, Business Insider is chronicling the realities of job hunting in your 50s — from overcoming age bias and navigating career transitions to rebuilding confidence, updating skills, and finding new opportunities in a competitive job market. Read more stories here, and share your own experience here.
LinkedIn will say ""over 100 people"" have applied to a job — but that could mean 101 or 1,001. It makes me feel like the odds are stacked against me before anyone has even seen my résumé.
I find it hard to believe companies look at my résumé and think I'm not qualified. I make it a point to tailor every résumé with AI to align my experience with what they say they want in the job description. I know I bring value. I bring good judgment, perspective, maturity, creativity, and decades of experience helping organizations strengthen their brand.
Try a
                                Level Up action pack.
Build a calm, realistic plan to recover from job loss and move toward your next role.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
I truly want to learn and innovate, and I even taught younger people how to use AI at my last agency. It's been hard to stay optimistic, but I know I have to because I still need to come across as professional, capable, and qualified.
The only conclusion I can come to is that I'm overqualified for a lot of these jobs, or they think that I'm too stuck in my ways because I've been doing this for 32 years. I believe ageism is at play in today's job market. I was even told by recruiters: only include the last 10 years of your job history.
A company can hire someone in their 20s or 30s and pay them less, and mold them. Maybe companies are looking to teach younger employees along the way and pay them less than what they'd pay someone with my experience.
Companies say they're looking for experienced people, but the job descriptions read like they're looking for a unicorn. I've seen roles that want one person to lead strategy, write copy, manage SEO, be an analytics expert, and even handle design. Those aren't the same skill sets, and senior communications professionals shouldn't have to have all of those to prove their value.
In 2025, I was only applying for remote jobs because that's what I ideally want. But after nine months and only a few interviews, I started applying to jobs with companies in the Phoenix area.
I also pivoted away from applying to jobs posted on LinkedIn and started focusing more on jobs where I could find an inside connection or referral. When you're out of work and doing everything you can, even a small introduction can feel like a lifeline.
One of the more frustrating things has been reaching out to people I know — including people I've known for years — and getting no response.
Occasionally, someone has been kind enough to make an introduction to a hiring manager or recruiter, and I've secured a couple of interviews that way, but it hasn't been enough.
This search has been one of the most humbling experiences of my life. I never thought I'd be in this situation. The constant questions from family and friends come from a good place, but every time I have to say, ""No, I still haven't found a job,"" it makes the process feel even more defeating.
I'm not worried about my future retirement, financial plans, or sense of stability yet. I've saved well — I was smart and planned financially, should something like this ever happen.
It does bother me, though, that I want to be prepared when I do retire, and I've spent the last year not contributing to that retirement. I also know that it's just a matter of not finding that right opportunity. I know in my heart that I'll find something.
Do you have a story to share about navigating your career in your 50s? If so, please reach out to the reporter at tmartinelli@businessinsider.com.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
28,2026-07-24,"Redis shipped seven security releases on July 23 after researchers published authenticated RCE PoCs for stock Redis 6.2.22, 7.4.9, 8.6.4, and 8.8.0.
All four chains require RESTORE. The Streams chains also need EVAL and XGROUP; the 8.8.0 chain needs EVAL and the bundled RedisBloom module. Redis says the underlying memory flaws may lead to remote code execution.
Redis 6.2.23, 7.2.15, and 7.4.10 fix the Streams shared-NACK use-after-free; Redis 8.2.8, 8.4.5, and 8.6.5 fix both the Streams issue and the RedisBloom and TDigest out-of-bounds writes; Redis 8.8.1 fixes the RedisBloom and TDigest loaders, while the Streams guard was already present in Redis 8.8.0.
Two PoC targets, Redis 6.2.22 and 7.4.9, were the May security updates Redis told users to install, but those releases did not include the shared-NACK ownership guard.
Upgrade to the fixed release for the deployed branch. Until then, revoke RESTORE from accounts that do not strictly need it and block untrusted network access. Restricting RESTORE cuts off both disclosed paths.
Neither Redis's July 23 release notes nor the public PoC repositories reviewed reported in-the-wild exploitation as of July 24, 2026.
The Redis Streams path is a shared-ownership bug. A corrupt RDB object can make two consumers point to the same pending-entry record, so removing both consumers frees the same object twice.
The published script is designed to turn the resulting memory corruption into arbitrary memory access and ultimately invoke system().
The RedisBloom path is an out-of-bounds write in the TDigest RDB loader. The loader allocated memory from one serialized value but trusted a separate attacker-controlled capacity field when deciding how much data to load.
The Redis 8.8.0 script is designed to turn that mismatch into read and write primitives, leak Redis and libc addresses, and call system().
The first path is in Redis Streams. A corrupt RDB object can make two consumers point to the same pending-entry record, represented internally by a streamNACK. Removing the first consumer frees the object and leaves the second holding a dangling pointer. The scripts then remove the second consumer too. One chunk, two frees.
Redis 8.6.4's release notes cite PR #15081. But a source review by The Hacker News found that the tagged 8.6.4 source lacks the duplicate-ownership check added by that change. The guard appears in Redis 8.6.5, released on July 23.
The published Redis 8.6.4 script is designed to turn the double-free into arbitrary memory access, then poison a database hash function so a crafted GET invokes system(). It restores the pointer and checks whether Redis still responds.
The second path sits in the RedisBloom TDigest RDB loader. It allocated its centroid arrays from a serialized compression value, then trusted a separate attacker-controlled capacity field when deciding how many nodes could be loaded. A small real allocation paired with inflated metadata produces an out-of-bounds write.
The Redis 8.8.0 script is designed to turn the write into read and write primitives, leak Redis and libc addresses, and poison a database hash function so a crafted GET calls system(). A separate proof of concept published the same root cause and an authenticated RCE chain against Redis 8.8.0.
Redis's July fix requires the loaded TDigest capacity to match the allocation derived from the compression value. It also bounds the merged and unmerged node counters before reading the arrays.
The repository calls the Streams issue part of a CVE-2026-25589 ""incomplete fix family,"" but Redis maps that CVE to RedisBloom memory corruption during RESTORE, not the Streams shared-NACK flaw. Redis's July release notes list no CVE or CVSS score for either new bug class.
As of July 24, searches by The Hacker News found no separate NVD record for the July shared-NACK or TDigest findings. NVD still listed the May records for CVE-2026-25243 and CVE-2026-25589. A search of CISA's Known Exploited Vulnerabilities catalog returned no entry for either identifier.
The disclosure follows another AI-discovered Redis RCE flaw patched in May. Bera Buddies describes itself as ""AI Agent Research."" Chaofan Shou said on X that Kimi K3 agents found 19 Redis zero-days in about 90 minutes, and said another run produced the Redis 8.8.0 exploit in 27 minutes.
Those counts, timings, and the claimed degree of autonomy remain self-reported. Redis's public record confirms the flaws and fixes. It does not validate the claimed zero-day count or how independently the agents worked.
Redis 6.2.22 and 7.4.9 were the May destination. By July, both needed another update. Check the exact branch version, not whether Redis was merely ""recently patched.""
Learn how 300 enterprise leaders are managing AI-driven open-source risk, remediation debt, and governance at scale.
Learn how to govern risk, secure AI-built software, and keep control as development moves at machine speed.
Get the latest news, expert insights, exclusive resources, and strategies from industry leaders, all for free."
29,2026-07-24,"Riverwater Partners, an investment management company, released its “Micro Opportunities Strategy” Q2 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter is available..."
30,2026-07-24,"This Reddit story got me thinking about our worth. Our value, what we do, and how much it matters. We make a difference, we are capable of something, and we do it. That has real value. Sometimes we feel as if companies only saw us as numbers or robots. Something that is there and doesn't matter outside of the workload that they do. We are far more than that. We have our own thing that differentiates us from everyone else. That matters. If it weren't for that thing, what is really saving us from getting replaced by robots or AI? 
That value matters, but not everybody is going to admit it. When a job isn't valuing you, that doesn't mean that you don't have value. It just means that they don't see it or need it, but someone or somewhere else is going to matter. And the only way to discover how important you are to others is to stand up for yourself, because if you can't see your own value, why would somebody else notice it? 
Standing up for yourself means knowing your worth and fighting for it. Is not letting anybody step on you or use you. Is knowing what is mistreatment and defending yourself. Is actually caring about you and your individuality. To get what you deserve. What this person did could have gone wrong, but he did it anyway, because he knew his worth was underestimated, that he was mistreated, that standing up for himself had value. So be more like that. Make sure people know that you know your value, and defend it even when it seems hard. After all, we only really have ourselves, and if we don't take care of us, nobody ever will.  
A woman working on her computer while she admires the outside.
Representation.
A woman working from home on her computer. 
Representation.
Want More? Follow Us and Add Us as a Preferred Source on Google."
31,2026-07-24,"Stocks stabilized on Friday but were on track for weekly losses as investors assessed a new set of global tariffs against a backdrop of AI jitters, rising oi..."
32,2026-07-24,"ByIzzy Rosenzweig,
Contributor.
Brands often diversify production from China but remain reliant on Chinese parts. A similar, critical error is concentrating sales almost entirely in the US market. This single-market dependence leaves revenue vulnerable to sudden policy shifts, as seen with recent abrupt changes to de minimis rules and tariffs, which can severely impact margins with little warning. While international expansion was historically complex and costly, modern direct fulfillment options now enable brands to test new global markets with minimal upfront investment, shipping directly from a central warehouse. Failing to diversify sales means brands merely shift their supply chain risk from production to market demand, missing out on a rapidly growing global e-commerce opportunity.
A few weeks ago I wrote about brands that move production from China to Vietnam and find out they never really left, because the parts and the tooling still come from China. Consider this part two. The same brands tend to make a second version of that mistake at the other end of the business. They spread out where they make their product, then sell almost all of it into one country: the United States. (Cross-border sales are still under a fifth of all online commerce.)
The whole idea behind spreading production is that leaning on one country is a risk. That’s what “China plus one” is, building a second base alongside China so your whole supply doesn’t depend on one place. Investors have pushed brands toward this for years. But if it’s dangerous to depend on one country to make your product, it’s just as dangerous to depend on one country to buy it. When all of your customers sit in one market, all of your revenue rides on that market's currency, its spending and its trade rules. If any one of those moves the wrong way, it works against everything you sell at once.
Look at what a U.S.-only brand has lived through in the last year. De minimis, the rule that let anything under $800 enter the country duty-free, was the backbone of cheap cross-border shipping for a decade. It ended for China and Hong Kong on May 2, 2025, then for everyone else on August 29, 2025. Congress had it slated to end in 2027. The timeline got pulled forward by more than a year and a half, so if your margins assumed duty-free entry, they broke with a few weeks of warning.
Tariffs moved just as hard. In February 2026 the Supreme Court ruled 6-3 that the law the administration had leaned on for its “reciprocal” tariffs, a 1977 statute called IEEPA, never gave a president the power to set tariffs at all. Those tariffs ended on February 24, 2026. The same day, the administration reimposed a 10% tariff on nearly every country using a different law. Now brands that had already paid the old tariffs are still waiting to hear whether they get that money back.
None of that was on anyone's roadmap, and that's the real problem with leaning on one market. A brand selling into a dozen countries takes a change like that on a slice of its revenue. A brand selling into one takes it on everything, with no second market to pick up the slack while the first sorts itself out.
This isn't only about playing defense. The market outside the U.S. is big and still growing fast. Cross-border e-commerce is on track to climb from about $550 billion in 2025 to roughly $2 trillion by 2034. And the brands already selling into it aren't doing it out of optimism. In a 2025 survey of senior U.S. e-commerce leaders, 91% said international sales are a profitable revenue stream, and nearly half said foreign markets already drive more than 20% of their revenue.
Ten years ago this argument fell apart on the practical side. Selling abroad meant building most of a company a second time in every market. A local entity, local payment methods, local tax handling and a warehouse stocked with inventory before you had a single order to justify it. Doing it that way ran anywhere from around $150,000 for an easy lane like the U.S. into Canada to north of $1 million for a full move into Europe and the U.K., and the first year usually ran at a loss.
Most of that's now avoidable, because brands have fulfillment options today that didn't exist before. With direct fulfillment, for example, brands can skip regional warehousing altogether by holding all their stock in one place near the factory (i.e., a single warehouse in China) and shipping directly to customers anywhere, order by order. That removes the parts that used to make expansion expensive: the local entity, the inventory committed to a market before it's proven and the carrier contracts signed country by country. What's left is mostly ad spend. A brand turns on ads in a new market to test it. If it doesn't respond, the ads go back off. The only loss is the spend, not a warehouse lease and a container of unsold stock.
With the cost of being wrong mostly gone, what’s left is the exposure itself. A brand that spreads its supply chain across three countries to avoid depending on one, then sells into a single market, hasn't escaped the risk. It's just moved it, from the factory to the checkout."
33,2026-07-24,"The online marketplace sent owners a fortune in cash, yet the stock itself struggled to keep pace. Here’s what the trade-off bought and what it means for holding now.
Over the last five years, eBay sent about $20 billion in cash back to its owners, a figure equal to about 41% of the company’s entire market value today. With the stock trading around $109.32 a share after a recent 7% pullback, that history of payouts presents a sharp question for investors: the company paid a fortune while the stock lagged the market, so was holding worth it, and is it now?
The five-year total return for eBay stock was 75%, a respectable figure that nonetheless trailed the S&P 500’s 81% gain over the same period. The cash return didn’t quite close the gap. For investors, this is the central paradox of owning the online marketplace. The checks have been generous, but the underlying investment has been a market laggard.
Where did $20 billion come from?
The cash return machine is fueled by a marketplace business that generated $11.6 billion in revenue over the last twelve months. The company’s operating margin of 19.6% helps convert that activity into cash, which management has aggressively returned to shareholders, primarily through $17 billion in share repurchases, supplemented by $2.6 billion in dividends.
This isn’t a business standing still. Management has focused its efforts on what it calls strategic priorities, including collectibles, fashion, and consumer-to-consumer (C2C) sales. These segments now account for approximately 70% of total gross merchandise volume (GMV) and are growing faster than the rest of the marketplace. To accelerate this, the company is deploying new technology, like an AI-powered tool that it says has driven a greater than 50% increase in the new listing creation rate for sellers who use it.
If the checks were so big, why did the stock trail the market?
A large capital return can be a sign of two very different things: a disciplined management team returning cash it cannot profitably reinvest, or a mature business that is simply out of high-growth ideas. The stock’s five-year underperformance suggests the market has leaned toward the latter interpretation. Every dollar paid out in dividends or buybacks is a dollar not spent on acquiring new customers or developing new technologies to fend off rivals.
This is the honest catch for eBay investors. The C2C space, one of eBay’s core priorities, is seeing intense competition. Newer, focused platforms are gaining ground; secondhand marketplace Vinted, for example, has seen explosive growth and was recently valued at over $9 billion, boosted by consumers looking for value. This kind of competition for the next generation of buyers and sellers could pressure the very engine that funds eBay’s shareholder returns. The question of how wide the road ahead is for eBay’s stock is a critical one for investors weighing these competitive dynamics.
For those who prefer to own the broader consumer spending theme rather than a single name, a consumer discretionary ETF like XLY offers diversified exposure to the sector.
Can new growth drivers keep the cash machine running?
The company is not sitting idle. In its most recent quarter, eBay’s GMV rose by 14% to over $22 billion, and management highlighted the rapid scaling of new initiatives like its live shopping platform, eBay Live. The performance showed that the company’s strategic shifts can produce significant top-line growth, which is essential for funding future capital returns.
But the durability of that growth is now the single most important question. After a strong first quarter, management’s own guidance points to a slowdown. The one number to watch is the company’s forecast for second-quarter FX-neutral GMV growth, which it projects to be in a range of 8% to 10%. Hitting the high end of that range would suggest the new initiatives have staying power. Falling short would reinforce the market’s skepticism and raise fresh questions about whether the big checks can keep coming.
To see where this record sits against the market’s other great cash returners, our Buybacks & Dividends ranking holds the full league table.
What Would You Do With A Gain Like EBAY’s 135%?
Generous buybacks and dividends reward holders, and even the most generous payer is still one company. EBAY is up 135% over the past three years, and gains like that are exactly how one holding quietly becomes too large a share of a portfolio. Whether that has happened in your portfolio is exactly what the Trefis Wealth team checks, with the same rules-based systematic discipline that runs our High Quality Portfolio. Request a free vulnerability audit of your biggest positions.


Market Movers | Winners: SHOT, SLND, CJMB | Losers: BURU, QMLS, CYCU


27 Large Cap Stocks Hit 52-Week Highs On Friday


Astera Labs Stock Slides 27% Over 6 Straight Down Days


Teradyne Delivers More Growth Per Dollar Than Lam Research. What Is The Premium For?


What You Actually Pay To Join The CSCO Run


Down 7% While the S&P Sank 19%: Inside INCM’s Defense


SMH ETF Is A Sharper Bet Than Its Name Suggests


ROBO’s Dip History Offers A Cautious Green Light


RCL Stock: Collect 13% Now, In Exchange For 19% Of Upside


ExxonMobil Stock Offers a Different Kind of Fuel



						How Wide Is The Road Ahead For eBay Stock?
					



						EBAY Showered Owners With Cash. The Stock Did Not Cooperate
					



						How EBAY Stock’s British Experiment Signaled A 50% Surge
					



						The UK Playbook That Telegraphed The eBay Stock Surge
					



						Is eBay Stock A Compounding Engine?
					



						Forget Timing the Bottom: Earn 8.9% While You Wait for EBAY on Sale
					



						Is eBay Stock Optimizing Returns Through the Denominator Effect?
					



						eBay Stock Shares $20 Bil Success With Investors
					



						Should eBay Go For GameStop’s Offer?
					



						The One Metric That Complicates eBay’s Rally
					



						eBay Stock Capital Return Hits $40 Bil
					



						Stronger Bet Than eBay Stock: ETSY Delivers More
					

©Copyright 2026 Insight Guru Inc. All Rights Reserved.
By using the Site, you agree to be bound by our Terms of
		Use.  Financial market data powered by Quotemedia.com.
		Consensus EPS estimates are from QuoteMedia and are updated every weekday.
		All rights reserved.

		NYSE/AMEX data delayed 20 minutes.  NASDAQ and other
		data delayed 15 minutes unless indicated.
		"
34,2026-07-24,"Riverwater Partners, an investment management company, released its “Micro Opportunities Strategy” Q2 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter is available..."
35,2026-07-24,"Crystal Crawford wasn't losing sleep over bills. She could confidently afford her apartment in Atlanta, Georgia, and felt her spending was well within her means.
That all changed in the summer of 2020, when she unexpectedly lost her job as a social worker.
Amid the financial anxiety, Crawford learned that she qualified for a local guaranteed basic income program. Nearly 300 households in the area received $500 a month for one year. She said the cash she received between December 2021 and December 2022 was the leg up she needed.
""If it wasn't for that one moment, I don't know where I would be,"" she told Business Insider. Three years later, the now 40-year-old has her own business and landed a new role as a community engagement specialist. She still has student debt — but finally has hope she can chip away at the balance.
Basic income programs became popular over the past decade to alleviate sky-high housing and grocery costs in big cities. The model — which gives no-strings-attached cash to low-income households — has been tried hundreds of times. Economic security advocates, alongside big-name tech leaders, have advocated for GBI as a support for workers in an increasingly AI-dominated job market. And Business Insider has heard from dozens of participants, many of whom used the money to afford rent, childcare, emergency expenses, and job training.
Studies touting the success of basic income tend to follow participants during and immediately after their programs. It's less clear how people fare in the years after their cash payments end. Crawford said she's still seeing a payoff.
""Having the flexibility to be able to pay for things — like being able to get your hair done for a potential interview — guaranteed income allowed me to do things that I probably would not have been able to do during that time,"" she said.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Crawford's basic income program, called the Income Mobility Program for Atlanta Community Transformation, included participants earning up to 200% of the federal poverty line, which was $25,760 annually for a single person at the time. Overall, data from the pilot shows that housing stability and savings improved for participants, but the money did not materially improve employment outcomes.
After losing her job — and being unable to rely on nannying or other in-person side hustles at the peak of the pandemic — Crawford said she didn't know where her ""next dollar was coming from"" and struggled to stay on top of her rent and utility payments.
The extra $500 a month allowed her to pay her bills and establish her own business as a strategic partner, helping C-Suite leaders plan and reach their goals. She said the cash helped cover the upfront costs of this work: Getting business certifications, building a website, and marketing herself to clients.
She has since floated between a couple of corporate social work jobs, and this side business provides her with a steady income to fall back on. She's now based in Augusta, Georgia. And, in July, she started a role as a community engagement specialist for an online school, and ""it's literally the perfect position.""
Crawford has some lingering financial concerns. She wishes that her GBI cohort had more logistical support, like help navigating other aid programs. Crawford was one of the first participants in her GBI pilot, and she said resources like that hadn't yet been created. Benefits counseling is now commonplace for US basic income programs.
""I feel like my financial status has gotten better,"" she said. ""But I am definitely not where I want to be.""
She added that she still has student loan debt in deferment from earning her master's degree before the pandemic, and that the balance in her emergency savings account isn't where she wants it to be. She hopes to soon start paying down her loan balance through an income-based repayment plan.
Typically, basic income programs like Crawford's are designed for short-term financial support and are at the whim of limited government and philanthropic backing. Cities in the US haven't tried the cash payment model for more than a few years at a time, largely because of funding barriers.
The programs have also faced criticism over their cost and effectiveness. Some tech leaders who previously championed basic income for displaced workers now say the impact doesn't justify the investment, and some say cash payments require too much taxpayer support alongside existing social safety net programs. Some critics worry that the programs discourage participants from working to earn a paycheck.
Crawford, however, hopes cities will continue investing in cash to support lower-income households. Because, for her, the money has had a lasting impact.
""That there are no stereotypes when it comes to guaranteed income,"" she said. ""The educated folks need guaranteed income, people who are responsible with their money need guaranteed income. Financial hardship can happen to anyone.""
Correction: July 24, 2026 — This article has been updated to reflect that while she now lives in Augusta, Crawford was living in Atlanta in 2020.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
36,2026-07-24,"Oil prices have surged over 30% over the past month to breach $100 a barrel as renewed US-Iran fighting in the Middle East threatens global energy supplies.
Attacks in the Red Sea are also adding to disruptions through the Strait of Hormuz, putting two key oil-shipping routes under pressure.
But it's not just oil that's getting more expensive.
Shipping costs and the cost of refining oil into fuel are rising even faster than crude prices, analysts say, threatening to push up prices for diesel, jet fuel, and gas if the conflict drags on.
""Spot crude price alone is misleadingly benign,"" Vishnu Varathan, the Asia Pacific head of macro strategy at Mizuho, wrote in a note on Friday.
Refined-fuel premiums have surged, he added, showing that the energy shock is far greater than $100 Brent would ordinarily suggest.
Brent crude oil futures were trading around $98 a barrel at 4:50 a.m. on Friday after hitting the key $100 level on Thursday.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
 US West Texas Intermediate futures were around $90 a barrel.
Brent crude briefly hit $126 a barrel in late April before retreating as strategic oil stock releases, weaker demand, and an interim US-Iran truce eased supply fears. Recent developments have shattered that calm.
The turmoil is driving up freight and insurance costs and making it more expensive to move oil and fuel around the world.
Mizuho estimates that shipping costs could rise from roughly $10 to $12 a barrel to as much as $15 to $20 a barrel.
The biggest pressure may not be in crude itself, but in fuels made from it.
Based on current crude prices and refining margins, Mizuho's Varathan estimates diesel is effectively priced at more than $180 a barrel, doubling from about $93 earlier this year.
The refining premium for diesel alone has nearly tripled to more than $80 a barrel, Varathan added.
Commodity strategists at ING also pointed to tightening diesel supplies, particularly as Russia — the world's second-largest shipper of the fuel — reportedly considers extending its export ban on the product.
""The potential supply disruptions facing the market now are larger than at any time during the war,"" the strategists wrote.
The squeeze extends to natural gas.
""Globally, the key issue versus the last phase of attacks is that stock levels are already incredibly low,"" said Ellen Fraser, an energy expert and advisory partner at consultancy Baringa on Thursday.
Europe would normally be building up gas reserves ahead of winter, but storage levels remain unusually low for this time of year, Fraser said. The US has also drawn down its strategic oil reserves.
While alternative crude supplies have helped cushion the oil market, refined fuels such as gasoline, diesel and aviation fuel are rising faster than crude, Fraser said, reflecting growing concern that those products are becoming harder to find.
""In effect, it's getting tight,"" Fraser added.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
37,2026-07-24,"ByMary Whitfill Roeloffs,
Forbes Staff.
A modest increase in the net worth of Google co-founder Sergey Brin Friday put him back on top of Jeff Bezos and Michael Dell as the third richest person in the world after a massive slump in Alphabet stock Wednesday knocked him into fifth place. 
Brin’s net worth plummeted more than $17 million on Thursday after Alphabet’s share price dropped more than 7%—erasing roughly $255 billion in market value in the largest one-day valuation loss in the company’s history. 
The drop briefly put Brin in fifth place on Forbes’ real-time billionaires list behind Jeff Bezos and Michael Dell, but a modest .5% increase in his net worth Friday was enough to put him back in third. 
Brin’s net worth was an estimated $243.1 billion as of 11 a.m. ET Friday. 
362.7 million. That’s how many shares, or about 3% of the company, Brin owns in Alphabet. 
Alphabet reported its 12th straight quarter of double-digit revenue growth Wednesday, but investors were spooked by a spike in its artificial intelligence capital spending forecast to be between $195 billion and $205 billion.
Tiny moves in stock like Alphabet or Dell can swap two people on the Forbes real-time billionaire ranking whose fortunes are only a few billion dollars apart. The biggest driver is the real-time market value of shares a billionaire owns in public companies. As stocks rise and fall throughout the day, Forbes automatically recalculates their wealth. Forbes also estimates the value of private companies using comparable public companies and other assets, like real estate, cash, investments, yachts and art."
38,2026-07-24,"Published Jul 24, 2026 at 10:11 a.m. ET
Share
Published Jul 24, 2026 at 10:11 a.m. ET
Share
 Make your contribution now and help Gothamist thrive in 2026.  Donate today 
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
Police are looking for two people they say attacked a man in the Bronx last month, in what officials have classified as an anti-LGBTQ+ hate crime.
Officials said the incident happened around 7:30 p.m. on June 25 at the intersection of Elliot Place and Jerome Avenue in Highbridge. They said a 43-year-old man was approached by two strangers who called him a homophobic slur and began to push, kick and punch him. The attackers then struck the victim in the head and body with a blunt object before fleeing the scene, police said.
The victim sustained serious injuries and was taken to NewYork Presbyterian Allen Hospital, where he was listed in stable condition, according to police. The NYPD’s Hate Crime Task Force is investigating.
The report comes as criminal charges are pending for another man who authorities say stabbed two people in a possible religious hate crime in Manhattan on Thursday.
In those incidents, NYPD Commissioner Jessica Tisch said, 51-year-old Raul Morales is in custody after allegedly yelling “Allahu Akbar,” which means “God is the Greatest” in Arabic, before stabbing one man with a knife, then heading two blocks north and stabbing another man with a screwdriver. She said one of the victims is Asian and the other one is Jewish, and they were both taken to a local hospital in stable condition.
Police took Morales into custody after he barricaded himself inside a NYCHA apartment building at Amsterdam Avenue and West 88th Street, and officials said mental health may have been a factor in the attacks.
NYPD crime data shows hate crimes are up about 15% through March, compared with 2025. There were 128 hate crimes reported during the first three months of 2025, while there were 146 reported during the first three months of this year.
Police officials did not immediately answer an inquiry about the lag in reporting of hate crime data.
Tagged
Brittany Kriegstein covers all breaking news around New York City, with a focus on crime and gun violence. Got a tip? Email Brittany at [email protected].
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
 MORE news
Raul Morales, 51, was arrested Thursday after the stabbings, which took place several blocks apart, according to police.
Published Jul 24, 2026 at 5:54 p.m. ET
A Republican-controlled panel is looking into Chinese ""influence operations"" in the United States.
A Republican-controlled panel is looking into Chinese ""influence operations"" in the United States.
 Catch up on the most important headlines with a roundup of essential NYC stories, delivered to your inbox daily. 
Gothamist is a website about New York City news, arts, events and food, brought to you by New York Public Radio."
39,2026-07-24,"
		An advertiser paid for editorial consideration of this deal. Our editorial experts vetted the deal based on our independent expertise. Because we determined that the deal will save money for our readers, we wrote the content.	
Everyday Needs > Health & Wellness
Take your oral care to the next level without overspending.
Writer
Writer
July 24, 2026, 1:44 pm ET
Clean your teeth in style and save some money, with CVS now selling the Philips Sonicare 3100 rechargeable electric power toothbrush for $40.
Plus, CVS offers free shipping on orders over $35. But you can pick up your new toothbrush in person, if your local CVS store has it in stock.
This Philips Sonicare 3100 comes in a black-and-white finish, which looks stylish without getting too carried away. It’s a toothbrush, after all — not a sports car (but the pink version is also on sale, if that’s more your jam). 
Notable features start with the obvious. This is a rechargeable toothbrush, so you won’t have to replace any batteries here. It also uses sonic technology, offering up to 31,000 brush strokes per minute. That gives you the kind of thorough clean that you couldn’t hope to match using a manual toothbrush. Additionally, this model comes equipped with a pressure sensor that will warn you if you’re brushing too hard. Two intensity settings also help ensure that you enjoy a comfortable clean that suits you and your gums.
It isn’t controversial to say that a good electric toothbrush runs rings around the old-fashioned manual type. Electric toothbrushes can get your teeth cleaner, and all without the arm ache we’ve all experienced from the manual approach. This deal makes the Philips Sonicare 3100 an even better option than usual, and we’ve seen this model sell for as much as $50 before now.

		The information contained in this article is for educational and informational purposes only and is not intended as health or medical advice. Always consult a physician or other qualified health provider regarding any questions you may have about a medical condition or health objectives.	

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
40,2026-07-24,"
Sign up with your email below to instantly access member features, newsletters and exclusive Insider perks


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest in phones
News, deals, reviews, guides and more…
Latest in computing
News, deals, reviews, guides and more on the newest computing gadgets

Start exploring exclusive deals, expert advice and more


Member Rewards


Unlock and manage exclusive Techradar member rewards.

Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed!
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
The venture capitalist and tech entrepreneur explained in a famous essay how software infiltrated every industry

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Marc Andreessen was a prominent figure in the early internet era, creating some of the earliest web browsers, including Netscape and Mosaic, which he authored. In recent years, he's weighed in on subjects including AI — but it was his comments on software that really summarised how technology evolved during the early 21st century.
Andreessen was running his venture capital firm, Andreessen Horowitz, when he published his era-defining essay in the Wall Street Journal.
This article is part of TechRadar Pro's QOTD project to provide an insight into the minds of the brightest and most recognized figures in the technology industry today and in years gone by. Read the full series here.
The essay highlighted the dramatic shifts underway across the economy, with Andreessen centering his argument on the observation that software companies were poised to take over longstanding industries via the massive shift among consumers to online and digital spaces.
One example he highlighted was a misstep by the book retailer Borders, which closed all its US stores in 2011. In 2001, it handed over its online business to Amazon because, he argued, it saw online book sales as ""non-strategic and unimportant"".
Well, as Andreessen put it, ""oops."" He then highlighted Amazon's role as a software company with a core engine capable of selling virtually everything online.
In the cut and thrust of business over hundreds of years, there have been wave after wave of revolution, with new technologies overhauling and refreshing the landscape. Many businesses have persisted by adapting and pivoting, but the rapid proliferation of software over the last 30 years is now threatening to give way to an entirely new era.
Andreessen highlighted that, in 2011, the stock market ""actually hates technology"", and there's an argument to make that the stock market has once again turned its back on some of the biggest software giants, with AI threatening to make them redundant.
Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed!
A few years on, Jensen Huang, the CEO of Nvidia, even built on the idea that the Netscape co-founder set out 15 years ago by suggesting that ""AI is going to eat software"".
Keumars Afifi-Sabet is a freelance contributor for Tech Radar and the Technology Editor for Live Science. He has written for a variety of publications including ITPro, The Week Digital and ComputerActive. He has worked as a technology journalist for more than five years, having previously held the role of features editor with ITPro. In his previous role, he oversaw the commissioning and publishing of long form in areas including AI, cyber security, cloud computing and digital transformation.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

TechRadar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
41,2026-07-24,"Michael Saylor's Strategy — under continued pressure in this crypto bear market — released a new set of metrics to judge company performance.
Bitcoin (BTC) trimmed some of its earlier losses to edge back above the $64,000 level by the U.S. afternoon, though it remained down about 1% over the past 24 hours.
The pullback was broad across the crypto market. Nearly every asset in the CoinDesk 20 Index traded lower, with Sui (SUI), Cardano's ADA and NEAR leading declines at 3%-4%. Solana (SOL) fell about 2.5%.
Decentralized exchange Uniswap's UNI bucked the trend, rising 1.5% to stand as the index's lone gainer.
A mid-day check on markets show the Nasdaq 100 modestly bouncing after falling to its weakest level since early May in the mornings session, still 0,4% lower in the day.
Weakness in chipmakers, a bellwether of the artificial intelligence trade, dragged the tech index down, as the iShares Semiconductor ETF (SOXX) fell 2.7% in the session.
That weighed on data centers names as well: IREN, Cipher Mining (CIFR) and TeraWulf (WULF) all nursed 4%-5% losses.
The S&P 500 held up better, gaining 0.4% through the day so far.
Among digital asset-related stocks, crypto-friendly broker Robinhood (HOOD) led declines with 6% loss. Coinbase (COIN) was 2% lower, while bitcoin treasury Strategy (MSTR)  slid 1%. Stablecoin issuer Circle (CRCL) and tokenization specialist Securitize (SECZ) posted modest gains.
Reuters is reporting that Pakistan is “exploring a path to resuming U.S.-Iran peace talks.”
The news has lifted stocks and crypto just a bit, but the larger impact is in oil prices, with WTI crude oil slumping 4.3% to $88.25 per barrel.
The 10-year Treasury yield has pulled back by five basis points to 4.65%.
“There’s not a lot of faith in you out there in the business community,” Grama to Worm — Rounders.
Over the past month, Michael Saylor and Strategy have: 1) Lifted the dividend on their preferred stock STRC by 50 basis points to 12.0%; 2) Raised cash reserves on which to pay those dividends to $3.225 billion — enough for nearly two years of payments; 3) Explicitly stated their intention to do whatever it takes — bitcoin sales included — to pay that dividend in perpetuity.
STRC also  — as noted by Michael Saylor minutes ago — is the top holding in three leading preferred ETFs: BlackRock’s PFF, Van Eck’s PFXF, and Virtus’ PFFA. Combined, according to Strategy, the three hold more than $750 million in STRC.
And yet, STRC continues to trade at levels the Street might typically describe as highly distressed. At the current $86, STRC has an effective yield for new buyers of nearly 14%.
There’s still a week left in July, but the current price suggests Saylor and team — if following the pattern of other months — might well hike STRC’s dividend by another 50 basis points to 12.5% to entice new investment.
“AI will transform every industry, power every company, and be built by every country,” said Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang in his first-ever official X post, sharing an open letter signed by his comapny, among others.
“Open models strengthen safety and cybersecurity, accelerate innovation and diffusion, and enable sovereignty. The world needs both frontier closed models and frontier open models.”
U.S. stocks have given up an early futures gain, the Nasdaq turning down 0.6% shortly after the open on Friday.
Up more than 10% at one point last night following second-quarter earnings, Intel (INTC) is down 4%. Micron is lower by 6%, and SanDisk by 7%.
The weak action in the AI momentum trade is feeding through to crypto, where bitcoin — after nearly rising to $66,000 hours ago — has slid to $63,900, down almost 2% over the past 24 hours. Ether (ETH) is down 3% over that same time frame.

“One integrated view of Strategy’s Bitcoin balance sheet and capital structure,” wrote Michael Saylor after his company last night released a whole new set of metrics on which to judge performance. “The MSTR-BTC dashboard brings gross and net reserves, per-share economics, valuation, duration, floor, breakeven, hurdle, yield, and gain into a single framework.”
With bitcoin remaining mired in a bear market and Strategy’s stock down about 80% year over year, the company’s revised metrics were unsurprisingly met with harsh skepticism. 
“More acronyms and made up metrics to confuse and fleece the retail crowd,” wrote one poster. “A masterclass in grift.”
In Friday pre-market trading, the Invesco QQQ is edging 0.18% higher, while bitcoin drifts slightly lower near $65,000.
Brent crude has fallen more than 3% over the past 24 hours to around $97 a barrel. Gold is finding modest support above $4,000 an ounce, while U.S. Treasury yields are retreating, with the 10-year yield slipping below 4.7%.
Bitcoin exchange-traded funds (ETFs) broke their seven-day inflow streak, recording $225.1 million in outflows on Thursday. BlackRock's IBIT accounted for the majority of the outflows, with $202.5 million of those.
Demand for bitcoin from long-term holders and institutions is falling quickly, according to CryptoQuant. Speculative activity in the futures market is still positive but sits below earlier levels.
The read is that bitcoin's price near $65,000 is being held up by traders rather than by fresh capital coming in. That kind of support tends to be quicker to reverse than the long-term accumulation that drove past uptrends, leaving the current level resting on shorter-term positioning.
Bitcoin traded near $65,400 on Friday, down 0.6% in the past 24 hours.
Japan’s headline inflation rate year-over-year accelerated to 1.7% in June, from 1.5% the previous month, marking its highest level since December. Core inflation, which excludes food and energy, rose to 1.6% from 1.4%. However, both measures remain below the Bank of Japan’s 2% target, where they have been since the beginning of 2026.
However, Japanese government bonds continued to sell off, pushing the 10-year yield above 2.8%, up more than one percent over the past 24 hours. 
Strategy’s (MSTR) multiple to net asset value (mNAV), which once carried a substantial premium, has gradually eroded and now stands at 1.0. The metric divides MSTR’s share price by its net bitcoin per share, indicating whether the stock trades above or below the value of its bitcoin holdings after accounting for debt and preferred-stock claims.
The company’s 843,775 BTC are worth approximately $58.46 billion, broadly equal to its enterprise value, calculated as the market capitalisation of all basic shares outstanding, plus debt and preferred stock, less its USD reserve.
MSTR is trading at around $95, down 47% year to date.
Dogecoin fell 4.5% and ether dropped 2.5% on Friday, leading a broad but shallow retreat across the majors as the market consolidated a strong week, per CoinDesk data. XRP and Solana each slipped about 2.5%, while bitcoin held up better, down 0.6% to around $65,400.
The pullback barely dented the weekly picture. Bitcoin is still up 3% over seven days, ether 1.8%, and most majors remain green on the week, with Hyperliquid the exception at down 3.5%. 
There was no single catalyst behind Friday's move, more a pause after the run-up than a reversal.
Markets repositioned since June, but Binance held share (~55% user funds, ~24% spot) and drew net inflows in early July while the tracked market saw outflows.
Markets repositioned since June, but Binance held share (~55% user funds, ~24% spot) and drew net inflows in early July while the tracked market saw outflows.
Why it matters:
Markets repositioned since June, but Binance held share (~55% user funds, ~24% spot) and drew net inflows in early July while the tracked market saw outflows.
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
42,2026-07-24,"TOPICS
systems
Chipzilla changes PC biz name to reflect belief edge and robots could be as valuable one day
Intel CEO Lip-Bu Tan has acknowledged that the semiconductor giant must catch up to rivals AMD and Arm, and said it now assumes edge AI and robotics will be a business as big as PCs.
Tan made those remarks during Intel’s Q2 earnings call, which saw the company report $16.1 billion revenue – a 25 percent year-on-year increase.
“Q2 was another quarter of solid execution,” the CEO said. “Revenue, gross margin, and earnings per share were above our guidance. This marks the seventh consecutive quarter of exceeding our financial expectations.” Yet it didn’t deliver a profit as Intel reported a GAAP loss of $11 billion (and a non-GAAP loss of $2.2 billion).
Tan remained optimistic about Intel’s prospects, thanks to the AI boom spurring demand for many of its products, and its foundry service. “Our core server CPU franchise is growing faster than ever,” the CEO said, before observing the Xeon 6 range “continues to be one of the fastest-ramping products in Intel's history.”
That may be the case, but Intel’s hyperscale customers have designed their own Arm-powered CPUs and are deploying so many that analyst firm IDC recently found non-x86 servers now account for almost half of all sales. Intel’s great rival, AMD, has grown its market share to a third of the x86 server market.
During the earnings call, Morgan Stanley analyst Joe Moore asked Tan how he plans to regain market share.
Tan pointed to Intel’s forthcoming Clearwater Forest, Diamond Rapids, and Coral Rapids processors as evidence the company is creating products that can compete with anyone.
“Some areas we are still behind,” he admitted, “but we are catching up very fast and we try to leapfrog some of the CPU architecture, and we are putting major effort into it. Time will tell.”
Tan is also pondering time in terms of how component shortages impact the company’s sales and revenue.
“The industry is facing one of the most severe supply constraints in its history, across leading-edge logic silicon wafers, memory, and substrates,” he said. “These shortages will persist for the foreseeable future.”
Intel is of course a big player in the semiconductor supply chain, and Tan offered the happy news that wafer output across its major manufacturing nodes exceeded expectations from 90 days ago, and that yields from its leading-edge 18A process “are trending ahead of targets.”
The CEO also said, “supply remains very tight and the near-term linearity of our supply growth is more skewed towards the end of Q3 and into Q4, especially for servers.”
He had slightly better news about Intel’s foundry business, which is developing an advanced manufacturing process called 14A that could make Chipzilla a more formidable competitor to TSMC.
“We remain on track for 14A risk production for our internal products in the second half of 2027, and we made the decision in Q2 to fully commit to high volume ramp in 2028,” Tan said.
Intel’s current flagship 18A process is also going well.
“In our core PC client segment, Intel 18A is now in volume production across multiple commercial and consumer products,” Tan said. “Our factory output continues to increase sequentially every month. The successful high volume ramp of 18A for our internal products provides important validations as Intel Foundry engages with external customers.”
The CEO added his view that “We still have work to do to establish a strong footprint in the edge and physical AI ecosystem but see this opportunity as an important future growth driver.”
So important that Intel recently renamed its PC business the “Client Computing and Physical AI Group” (CCPG). That change is more than cosmetic, because CFO David Zinsner said Intel believes “the edge and physical AI opportunity is likely to at least match the client TAM [total addressable market] over time.”
That would make edge and physical AI an $8 billion business, given that in this quarter Intel said ten percent of CCPG’s $8.9 billion revenue came from edge products.
Overall CCPG revenue rose 13 percent year-over-year, growth that Intel found pleasantly surprising.
Zinsner said the PC market is “softer” in part due to “the memory dynamics in the marketplace,” and predicted Q3 performance will fall. ®  

    And as a bonus, it doesn't require data retention


    (Security) hole-ier than thou


    PARTNER CONTENT: subhead subhead


    Hey Claude, optimize this model for me


    Which way to the Land of the Free again?


    Stop the spread (of online recruiting and propaganda)

AI and ML
And as a bonus, it doesn't require data retention
ai and ml
Hey Claude, optimize this model for me
AI and ML
Can you guess who didn't sign on to the group letter?
SYSTEMS
The enemy of my enemy is my friend
AI and ML
AI no longer welcome in human-focused community
Security
PLUS: US takes down Iranian propaganda sites; Marketing company asks 'Why Do We Have Your Information?' And more!
Security
PLUS: China upgrades smartphone surveillance tools; Ring eases anti-snooping stance; and more
Black Hat and DEF CON
Voting village reports have been so successful, says Jeff Moss, that the whole of DEF CON will now be included
Security
Went at equivalent of $3.5B+ valuation for entire firm, though portion sold not specified
Malware Month
On the plus side, infosec's a good bet for a long, stable career
New 'Simple-taskbar' is an option, but there's a simpler, stabler way
New Debian versions hit FOSSland in the form of 13.6 and 12.15
Flaws in iCagenda, Balbooa Forms extensions can impact open source CMS that powers a million sites worldwide
Joins yserver, Phoenix, and of course XLibre – and outlier Arcan
Next version of Linux Mint’s desktop has both kinds of display server
6.7 is now current, and in 6.8 you're getting Wayland whether you like it or not

Biting the hand that feeds IT

Contact usAdvertise with usWho we areNewsletter


The Next PlatformDevClassBlocks and FilesSituation Publishing


Cookies PolicyPrivacy PolicyTs & CsDo not share my personal informationYour Consent Options


        Copyright. All rights reserved © 1998-2026.
    "
43,2026-07-24,"Elon Musk’s company is quietly becoming even more important to the future of electric cars in America.
Nothing captures the decline of Tesla better than the Cybertruck. When the stainless-steel pickup hit the road in 2023, Tesla was the world’s biggest electric-car company. At the time, Elon Musk predicted that he’d eventually sell 250,000 Cybertrucks a year. In the first half of 2026, according to one estimate, Tesla sold roughly 7,000.

Tesla has faced several self-inflicted wounds. Musk’s affiliation with Donald Trump and his tenure at DOGE was a turnoff for electric-car buyers who lean to the left—which is most of them. A promotional event with the president himself on the White House lawn didn’t seem to do much good. Tesla’s worldwide sales fell 9 percent in 2025. The problem is not just a matter of Musk’s politics: He has gotten pretty bored with selling cars—or at least ones with steering wheels. Besides the ill-fated Cybertruck, Tesla hasn’t released a brand-new passenger model since 2020 as Musk has shifted the company’s focus to robotaxis and robots.
Read: My day inside America’s most hated car
It can be easy to write off Tesla, or even forget about it entirely. All eyes are now on Musk’s other trillion-dollar venture, SpaceX, with its grandiose goals of launching data centers into orbit and colonizing Mars. But Tesla has become more important—not less—to the future of electric vehicles in the United States. Of the roughly 463,000 EVs that Americans bought in the first six months of this year, more than half were Teslas, according to figures from Cox Automotive—a jump of nearly 8 percentage points from this time last year. The Tesla Model Y alone claimed more than a third of EV sales.

In some ways, Tesla’s comeback has more to do with the failures of other car companies than its own success. Last year, Congress nixed the EV tax credits meant to encourage Americans to go electric. The Trump administration followed suit by rolling back regulations on tailpipe emissions. The entire automotive industry has been scrambling as a result. EV sales have cratered by about 24 percent so far this year, though they are showing some signs of recovery.

Tesla isn’t immune to any of this. In the U.S., its sales slumped by an estimated 11 percent through June of this year. But the broader downturn makes Tesla that much more crucial to keeping the electric dream alive. In recent months, numerous automakers have yanked EVs from the market, delayed new arrivals, and canceled their plans to debut new EVs. Last year, Ford axed the F-150 Lightning, a battery-powered pickup that was supposed to anchor Detroit’s electric future. (Ford is hyping up a cheaper electric pickup truck—but it’s still in development and won’t come out until next year.) Just last week, Honda pulled the plug on its last remaining fully electric option, the Prologue SUV, after killing off a slew of upcoming models.
Read: America’s car industry can’t go on like this
Then there’s the matter of price. The cheapest Tesla will run you a little under $39,000, which is hardly a bargain, but is thousands below the going price for a new car these days. It’s all the more remarkable considering that Tesla makes money from the cars it sells—a feat that has eluded much of the industry. Automakers continue to grapple with the high cost of batteries and of designing new kinds of cars. Consider that from 2022 through 2025, Ford lost $16 billion selling EVs. The company expects its electric-car business to simply break even in 2029. That’s partly why so many automakers sprinted for the haven of high-margin gas-powered vehicles once the going got tough.
As sales of new EVs flounder, used ones are picking up the slack: Americans gobbled up an estimated 128,000 of them last quarter, smashing records. Since Tesla has sold EVs in large numbers for so long—its first mainstream hit was the Model 3 sedan in 2017—it carries the market. One of the cheapest paths to an EV that can run 250 to 300 miles or more in a single charge is a used Tesla.

Musk’s car company is crucial to the future of EVs in another way. It dominates the infrastructure of the electric era: plugs. One of the biggest speed bumps to wider electric-car adoption is the challenge of where to recharge. Tesla has been blanketing the country with its Superchargers since its early days in 2012, and now operates about half of all fast-charging plugs in the United States. This is great marketing for Tesla, of course. But it’s also a win for almost anybody looking to give up gas. In recent years, Tesla has opened up most of its formerly exclusive stations to other EVs.

No matter what Musk says about Tesla’s AI future, he may have no choice but to pay attention to his car business. This week, Tesla reported that despite surging revenue, its operating profits in the second quarter of 2026 were the lowest in six years, in part because of massive expenditures on AI. Musk is also hemorrhaging cash at SpaceX. All of that money has to come from somewhere. Beyond America’s troubled EV industry, Tesla is doing more than just surviving. A spectacular second quarter of deliveries worldwide stunned Wall Street analysts and points to the beginnings of a bigger rebound. (Musk did not respond to my request for comment.)
The EV market would be in far worse shape right now without Tesla. But the real shame is that Tesla could be doing so much more to get drivers to go electric. The automaker has managed to hang on in the U.S. by serving up little more than the microwaved leftovers of its limited, aging lineup. While Tesla’s automotive innovation has stalled, Chinese companies are releasing one affordable, high-tech model after another. Perhaps Tesla could roll out a truly budget EV. You know, something like the $25,000 car Musk once touted onstage but reportedly shelved in favor of the Cybercab, a robotaxi without a steering wheel. A less polarizing, smaller pickup could probably do a whole lot better than the Cybertruck has. At this point, almost anything would clear the bar.
TheAtlantic.com © 2026 The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply"
44,2026-07-24,"  No fees, cancel anytime 

Log In
or

Sign Up
or


Reset your password
Enter your email address or username and we’ll send you a link to reset your password
Check your inbox
 An email with a link to reset your password was sent to the email address associated with your account 
Provide email
Please enter your email to complete registration

Activate to continue
Your account isn't active yet. We've emailed you an activation link. Please check your inbox and click the link to activate your account


The Bored Panda iOS app is live! Fight boredom with iPhones and iPads here.
 Join 1.2 million Panda readers who get the best art, memes, and fun stories every week! 
P.S. It's 100% free, unsubscribe anytime.
You're on the list! Expect to receive your first email very soon!
 Get our best stories, memes and art every week. Join a thriving community and brighten your day! 
We value your inbox – it's 100% free, and you can unsubscribe anytime with one click.
 Discover trivia, brain teasers, and quirky quizzes — fresh every week! 
We value your inbox – it's free and you can unsubscribe anytime with one click.
 26 
25
Link copied!
Share
Link copied!
Share
It is very easy to dismiss a prophet. Nostradamus wrote in riddles vague enough to mean anything. Rasputin was, by most accounts, completely unhinged. The guy at the end of your street with the sandwich board has been predicting the end of the world every Saturday for eleven years. You learn to tune it out.

But Robert Peston is not that. He is ITV’s political editor, a man who warned about the 2008 banking collapse while politicians had their fingers in their ears. A man who looked at a mysterious new virus in Wuhan in late 2019 and told government officials it looked serious, and was right. So when he says he is anxious about what comes next, it is probably worth putting the sandwich board down and listening.

Image credits: PoliticsJOE / YouTube
Peston’s current anxiety centres on AI, specifically, the staggering amount of money being poured into it right now. Data centres, power plants, infrastructure, development; the investment is running into the hundreds of billions globally, fuelled by a level of market excitement that Peston describes as reminiscent of the late 1920s.
Which is not a comparison anyone should take lightly, given what happened immediately after the late 1920s. His concern is not that AI itself is worthless; he actually believes it will be as transformative as the Steam Age. His concern is that the returns being promised to investors are not going to materialise at the scale or speed required to justify what is being spent.

Image credits: Solen Feyissa / Unsplash (not the actual photo)
And when that reality lands, he believes businesses will collapse, investors will panic, and the world will face a significant financial shock. “I am genuinely anxious that we’re going to get a serious financial crash, globally, in the next year or two,” he told Radio Times. For a man with his track record, the word anxious lands differently than it might from anyone else.
And the consequences he is describing go well beyond a market correction. “There may not be conventional productive employment to replace those lost jobs,” he said. “So how are people going to live? And if vast numbers lose their jobs, nobody pays income tax, so the government can’t pay for public services, and society collapses.” Not slows down. Not struggles. Collapses.

Image credits:  Igor Omilaev / Unsplash (not the actual photo)
But something makes Peston’s warnings different from the usual parade of doom merchants who pop up every few years to tell us civilisation is ending. He does not deal in vibes. He deals in patterns, and the pattern he is describing with AI is one he has seen before. In 2007, he was watching the banking sector and seeing numbers that did not add up.
Enormous amounts of money moving around, enormous amounts of confidence in returns that were never going to materialise, and a collective refusal to ask the obvious questions. Sound familiar? The AI investment bubble follows a remarkably similar shape.

Image credits: Peston / YouTube
We see vast sums going in with sky-high expectations of returns. And a market so giddy about the potential that it has stopped doing the basic maths. Peston is not saying AI will not work. He is saying the money going into it right now is running ahead of reality, and when reality catches up, the gap between the two is going to hurt. It hurt in 2008. He thinks it will hurt again.
“And I worry that the profits aren’t going to be delivered on a scale to justify all this, so businesses will go bust, investors will take fright, and we will have a significant market shock,” he explains. If these thoughts don’t make people’s ears perk up, we don’t know what will.

Image credits: Alex Knight/ Unsplash (not the actual photo)
He is not alone either. Former OpenAI researcher Daniel Kokotajlo has separately declared that AI will eventually become a “superintelligence,” one that is “better, faster and cheaper” than any human worker. Which, if Peston’s economic domino theory is correct, only deepens the problem.  A financial crash triggered by an AI bubble, followed by a workforce displaced by the very technology that caused the crash.
It’s followed by a depletion of the tax base, so public services are no longer financially viable. It is a sequence of events that sounds like the plot of a thriller. Which is, perhaps not coincidentally, exactly what Peston has just written. His latest book explores a world of megalomaniac technocrats, malevolent AI superintelligence and cutting-edge brain implants. His publisher presumably thought it was fiction.

Image credits: RDNE Stock project / Pexels (not the actual photo)
It is worth remembering that market crashes, as catastrophic as they feel in the moment, are not always the end of the story. The dot-com bubble of the late 1990s is the most obvious comparison. It was a period of frenzied investment in internet technology that bore a striking resemblance to what is happening with AI right now.
When it burst, it wiped out an enormous amount of value almost overnight. Amazon, now one of the most valuable companies in human history, lost approximately 90% of its stock value during the crash. And yet it survived. And then it thrived.
The technology that underpinned the dot-com boom did not disappear when the bubble burst; it just took longer to deliver on its promise than investors wanted. Peston himself acknowledges that AI infrastructure will likely survive even a significant financial crash. The question is what the world looks like on the other side of it, and who bears the cost of getting there.














 Follow us on Flipboard.com/@boredpanda! 
  
 26 
25
 26 
25
Link copied!
Share
Link copied!
Share
 Writer,  BoredPanda staff 
 This lazy panda forgot to write something about itself. 
 Writer,  BoredPanda staff 
 This lazy panda forgot to write something about itself. 
 Author,  BoredPanda staff 
 Hi! Here at Panda's I'm responsible for Photo Editing and all of the things surrounding it. I love finding great, moody or even dramatic photos to fit the story. Besides that, I'm a proud owner of 2 cats with the silliest names and a bazillion plants<3You can find me at a makeup counter with headphones swatching all of the sparkly eyeshadows 
 Author,  BoredPanda staff 
 Hi! Here at Panda's I'm responsible for Photo Editing and all of the things surrounding it. I love finding great, moody or even dramatic photos to fit the story. Besides that, I'm a proud owner of 2 cats with the silliest names and a bazillion plants<3You can find me at a makeup counter with headphones swatching all of the sparkly eyeshadows 
I can see this as a possibility. We already had one tech crash (the dot com crash in the early 2000s), and another coming now with people going irrationally insane over AI, isn’t far fetched. Right now I despise AI. It was released way too soon, it is 100% UNregulated, the people involved with it are sociopaths, and maintaining it is an ecological disaster. It needed, and still needs, another 10 years of concentrated research and experimentation, or more, to actually be useful. But the sociopaths in charge, including those in the White House and Congress, jumped the gun because it was lucrative, and allowed the release without ANY failsafes attached, and we the people are the ones suffering for it. This is what happens when greed supersedes common sense. Remember too, this is all happening when republicans have the White House and the majority in Congress, which is a recipe for economic disaster, even without tech booms that inevitably go bust. Remember I mentioned the early 2000s dot com bust? Guess which party was in charge when it happened? The stock market crash that brought us the Great Depression? Yep, same party in charge. When we have people in the driver’s seat who don’t give a fat rat’s a*s about anything but money, the passengers (all if us who aren’t driving) are screwed, while those responsible just retreat back into their money, after buying their way out of trouble. Learn your history and develop some pattern recognition, and you’ll see the signs are all there.
Either the trillions in AI investment is an enormous bubble that pops, taking down half the economy with it... or AI actually DOES take away all the jobs, taking everyone's money with it.
My last salary was $8750, ecom only worked 12 hours a week. My longtime neighbor yr estimated $15,000 and works about 20 hours for seven days. I can't believe how blunt he was when I looked up his information,
This is what I do..... 𝐉𝐨­𝐛­𝐀­𝐭­𝐇­𝐨­𝐦­𝐞­𝟏.𝐂­𝐨­𝐦
Robert Pestons job is to moan about everything and occasionally he will say something that vaguely fits the narrative. It's then claimed he predicts things.
TBH, he isn’t saying anything that the average halfway intelligent person hasn’t figured out already.
""The man that predicted"". Yeah, no one else warned of COVID spreading, or that of the DotCom crash, or the 2008 crash, and there isn't a single other person telling us that AI will be a disaster. Nope it is only this guy for sure.
Maybe someone should ask AI if AI will cause an economic collapse.
I will ask CoPilot. And before I do it, I will guess at what it will say. It will probably say that it is a possibility and then give the reasons for and against it. I will also ask it to give a percentage on that belief.
Do it! 😈
Its answer: Based on current economic research, AI is unlikely to cause a full economic collapse, but it could trigger serious disruptions if adoption is rapid, uneven, and institutions fail to adapt. The most credible analyses point to major structural shifts, not a catastrophic collapse. My probability estimate:
AI does not cause an economic collapse: ≈70%
AI causes a partial crisis or severe recession: ≈25%
AI causes a true systemic collapse: ≈5%
These percentages reflect synthesis of current expert forecasts and macro‑financial stress tests, not certainty.
There is quite a bit more, but part of the ""reasons"": Why collapse is unlikely
Governments can intervene with transfers, UBI, retraining, or tax reforms.
AI increases productivity, which historically raises long‑run living standards.
Most forecasts show higher GDP, not lower.
Financial systems can adapt to new forms of labor displacement.
📈 Why collapse is possible
If AI adoption rapidly destroys labor income faster than institutions can adjust.
If demand collapses due to extreme inequality or mass unemployment.
If financial intermediation margins compress too quickly, destabilizing credit markets.
If “Ghost GDP” becomes widespread—high output but low monetary velocity.
These are edge-case scenarios, not the median expectation.
Thank you, SM.
I can see this as a possibility. We already had one tech crash (the dot com crash in the early 2000s), and another coming now with people going irrationally insane over AI, isn’t far fetched. Right now I despise AI. It was released way too soon, it is 100% UNregulated, the people involved with it are sociopaths, and maintaining it is an ecological disaster. It needed, and still needs, another 10 years of concentrated research and experimentation, or more, to actually be useful. But the sociopaths in charge, including those in the White House and Congress, jumped the gun because it was lucrative, and allowed the release without ANY failsafes attached, and we the people are the ones suffering for it. This is what happens when greed supersedes common sense. Remember too, this is all happening when republicans have the White House and the majority in Congress, which is a recipe for economic disaster, even without tech booms that inevitably go bust. Remember I mentioned the early 2000s dot com bust? Guess which party was in charge when it happened? The stock market crash that brought us the Great Depression? Yep, same party in charge. When we have people in the driver’s seat who don’t give a fat rat’s a*s about anything but money, the passengers (all if us who aren’t driving) are screwed, while those responsible just retreat back into their money, after buying their way out of trouble. Learn your history and develop some pattern recognition, and you’ll see the signs are all there.
Either the trillions in AI investment is an enormous bubble that pops, taking down half the economy with it... or AI actually DOES take away all the jobs, taking everyone's money with it.
My last salary was $8750, ecom only worked 12 hours a week. My longtime neighbor yr estimated $15,000 and works about 20 hours for seven days. I can't believe how blunt he was when I looked up his information,
This is what I do..... 𝐉𝐨­𝐛­𝐀­𝐭­𝐇­𝐨­𝐦­𝐞­𝟏.𝐂­𝐨­𝐦
Robert Pestons job is to moan about everything and occasionally he will say something that vaguely fits the narrative. It's then claimed he predicts things.
TBH, he isn’t saying anything that the average halfway intelligent person hasn’t figured out already.
""The man that predicted"". Yeah, no one else warned of COVID spreading, or that of the DotCom crash, or the 2008 crash, and there isn't a single other person telling us that AI will be a disaster. Nope it is only this guy for sure.
Maybe someone should ask AI if AI will cause an economic collapse.
I will ask CoPilot. And before I do it, I will guess at what it will say. It will probably say that it is a possibility and then give the reasons for and against it. I will also ask it to give a percentage on that belief.
Do it! 😈
Its answer: Based on current economic research, AI is unlikely to cause a full economic collapse, but it could trigger serious disruptions if adoption is rapid, uneven, and institutions fail to adapt. The most credible analyses point to major structural shifts, not a catastrophic collapse. My probability estimate:
AI does not cause an economic collapse: ≈70%
AI causes a partial crisis or severe recession: ≈25%
AI causes a true systemic collapse: ≈5%
These percentages reflect synthesis of current expert forecasts and macro‑financial stress tests, not certainty.
There is quite a bit more, but part of the ""reasons"": Why collapse is unlikely
Governments can intervene with transfers, UBI, retraining, or tax reforms.
AI increases productivity, which historically raises long‑run living standards.
Most forecasts show higher GDP, not lower.
Financial systems can adapt to new forms of labor displacement.
📈 Why collapse is possible
If AI adoption rapidly destroys labor income faster than institutions can adjust.
If demand collapses due to extreme inequality or mass unemployment.
If financial intermediation margins compress too quickly, destabilizing credit markets.
If “Ghost GDP” becomes widespread—high output but low monetary velocity.
These are edge-case scenarios, not the median expectation.
Thank you, SM.

 0comments 30 points 
 0comments 31 points 
 21comments 40 points "
45,2026-07-24,"
					By Glenn Garner 
Associate Editor

Kalshi threatened Netflix with a defamation suit over a recent trailer for the upcoming documentary The Prediction Games, premiering Sunday on the streamer.

	Following a court order requiring the prediction market app block sports-related markets in Nevada, Kalshi’s lawyers sent Netflix a cease-and-desist over footage from the trailer showing traders celebrating their Kalshi earnings from the recent World Cup final, while partying in Las Vegas.

	The letter, which was obtained by CNN, claims Netflix’s trailer contains “misleading statements portraying trades being made on Kalshi in violation of a court order,” to which the app says it is complying after a lawsuit brought by the Nevada Gaming Commission. 

	










	In response, Netflix told the outlet that although the event was filmed last weekend in Sin City, the most prominent trade depicted in the trailer was placed in 2025, long before the court order.




			Watch on Deadline		






	“The featured trader, with the trades on Spain, showed us a screenshot of his bet that was made in May 2025, prior to any Nevada court order,” a Netflix spokesperson told CNN.

	Kalshi, whose CEO Tarek Mansour appears in the doc, further claimed that the screenshot was “fabricated,” noting that it includes terms like “bet slip,” which do not appear on the site, which avoids using gambling terms.

	While Kalshi isn’t legally considered a gambling platform, as the app is regulated like commodity trading, multiple states have filed lawsuits to enforce gaming laws.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong.
Comment 
Name 
Email 
Website 
 



Δ
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
46,2026-07-24,"Mayhem proceeds apace in the bathrooms of America, with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration today adding more states it its list of those affected by the Cyclospora outbreak, as noted by Consumer Reports in a revision to an earlier story.
Update July 24: The Food and Drug Administration expanded the number of states with illnesses linked to the recalled Taylor Farms iceberg lettuce to include Kansas, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, and Illinois. Those states join the five previously identified by federal health officials—Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, and West Virginia—as reporting illnesses linked to the iceberg lettuce from central Mexico. 
The text of the FDA's latest update (which also formally repudiated a communique posted by Taylor Farms, reportedly the origin of the explosive diarrhea-causing parasite) follows below.
Based on epidemiological information collected by CDC, a total of 1,947 people infected with Cyclospora and reporting exposure to Taco Bell have been reported by nine states. Illnesses started on dates ranging from June 22, 2026, to July 20, 2026. There have been at least 98 hospitalizations, and no deaths have been reported. This increase in cases is, in part, due to the identification and addition of four new states that are now considered part of this outbreak. We also expect to continue to see the number of confirmed cases rise, despite the recall, due to the fact that it can take as long as six weeks for CDC and state officials to determine if a sick person is part of this outbreak.  
On July 19, 2026, FDA provided an update about a false positive sample collected at the border. To clarify, this false-positive lab sample DOES NOT change the basis for FDA's ongoing outbreak investigation or the overwhelming epidemiological data supporting the current voluntary recall by Taylor Farms. FDA's traceback investigation and outbreak data continue to converge on shredded iceberg lettuce from Taylor Farms from growers in central Mexico.  We encourage the public to continue to avoid all products listed in Taylor Farms' voluntary recall.
Here's the formal recall notice: ""Taylor Farms de Mexico of Guanajuato, Mexico is voluntarily removing all iceberg lettuce sourced from central Mexico from the U.S. market, because it has the potential to be contaminated with Cyclospora.""
There have been more than 11,000 confirmed or probable cases so far reported to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. But the true number is likely much higher, it warns.
The true number of sick people in this multistate outbreak is likely higher than the number reported, and the outbreak may not be limited to the states with known illnesses. This is because some people recover without medical care and are not tested for Cyclospora. In addition, recent illnesses may not yet be reported because it can take as long as 6 weeks to determine if a sick person is part of a Cyclospora outbreak. States in this outbreak may report different illness counts on their websites as they may also include probable illnesses. CDC and FDA are only reporting laboratory confirmed cases.
Michigan, though, accounts for most of it: 7,664 cases as of July 23, with 160 hospitalizations. Cyclospora spreads through contaminated food, not person-to-person, and can be treated with antibiotics such as Bactrim. Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. said July 21 that the outbreak was under control. 
Previously:• 'Ultimate Slip 'N Slide' pulled from Olympic lineup after explosive diarrhea outbreak• Meet the Bonnacon: Medieval Europe's explosive diarrhea-spraying mythical beast• Woman hospitalized after pet dog unloads diarrhea into her mouth while she slept




		Sergio Furnari, a Sicilian-born New York sculptor, plans to unveil a life-size Charlie Kirk statue in Times Square on the first anniversary of Kirk's assassination. But the announcement drew thousands…        READ THE REST





		Do you remember WarioWare? If any of Nintendo's in-house series can be said to be relatively obscure, these games are: each one is a collection of twitchy, seconds-long ""microgames"" that…        READ THE REST





		Joe Lombardo, the governor of Nevada and former law enforcement officer, was pulled over on May 15 after his pickup truck was seen running a red light. After a police…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: Stream seamlessly and surf securely with iProVPN's advanced encryption ad-blocker for just $19.99 (Reg. $360). They're…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: Tackle PDFs with ease forever with an IndyPDF Editor and Converter lifetime subscription, on sale…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: Build confidence in a new language with Promova's lifetime subscription for $79.99 (reg. $299.99). Learning a new…        READ THE REST

Read the rules you agree to by using this website in our Terms of Service.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program
                        designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Boing Boing uses cookies and analytics trackers, and is supported by advertising, merchandise sales
                        and affiliate links. Read about what we do with the data we gather in our Privacy Policy.
Who will be eaten first? Our forum rules are detailed in the Community Guidelines.
Boing Boing is published under a Creative Commons license except where otherwise noted.
Privacy Manager"
47,2026-07-24,"For nearly a century, SLB has helped energy companies find hard-to-reach reserves. Now the global energy realignment is giving the French-Texan company a fre..."
48,2026-07-24,"SouthernSun Asset Management, LLC, an investment management firm, released its “SouthernSun Small Cap Strategy” second-quarter 2026 investor letter. A copy o..."
49,2026-07-24,"On a Thursday afternoon, about 70 people gathered around a nearly six-foot-tall humanoid robot outside an unassuming office building.
Employees, executives, and board members of Agility Robotics, along with local officials, had come to christen the humanoid startup's new engineering hub: a 60,000-square-foot facility where nearly 200 existing and new employees will work on the AI and skills for its Digit bipedal robot.
The ribbon-cutting didn't take place in San Francisco, Palo Alto, or San Jose, where some leading robotics companies have decided to cluster. Agility chose Fremont — an East Bay city better known for its industrial parks than for Silicon Valley startup mythology — to plant its new center.
Agility is the latest robotics startup to have a foothold in the area. Over the past 15 years, Fremont has seen companies tied to robotics or autonomous vehicles set up shop in the city.
Tesla, Meta, Zoox, Pony.ai, and DoorDash are among the big-name players that have established a footprint in Fremont to support their robotics ambitions.
At Agility's new facility, engineers will teach Digit new tasks and improve the skills it already has.
""This is going to be the robot school,"" Jonathan Hurst, Agility's cofounder and chief robot officer, told Business Insider. ""This is where we teach robot skills. It's really going to be centered here.""
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Fremont's rise as a robotics center builds on an industrial history that Mayor Raj Salwan said the city deliberately preserved.
For more than 25 years, the city was home to New United Motor Manufacturing, or NUMMI, a joint venture between General Motors and Toyota. When the plant shut down in 2010, other cities might have converted the site into office space or housing.
Salwan said the city chose another direction.
""We doubled down on industrial,"" the mayor told Business Insider. ""We preserved our industrial land, and we said we're all in on manufacturing.""
Tesla acquired the NUMMI plant that year, preserving Fremont's automotive ties and attracting a network of suppliers. Meanwhile, the city courted other industries, such as semiconductor, biotech, and advanced manufacturing companies, Salwan said.
Now, the manufacturing base is supporting Fremont's latest transition.
Robotics companies need some of the same things that have attracted earlier hardware businesses to the East Bay city, namely large buildings, production expertise, and enough open floor space for machines to move around.
The city tried to make it easier to open such large facilities. Salwan said Fremont streamlined regulations, developed in-house expertise, and changed some zoning rules to allow qualifying projects to move forward without lengthy hearings.
""We tell you everything up front, and then we help fast-track the process,"" Salwan said. ""If you want to build things, Fremont is the place.""
Large floor space is only half the equation for robotics companies. They also need talent.
Fremont doesn't exactly sit in the heart of the research and venture capital ecosystem found near Stanford University and Sand Hill Road. But it's close enough to tap into the same pool of engineers, investors, and business partners.
The city is roughly 15 miles east of Palo Alto, across the Dumbarton Bridge. The proximity keeps companies like DoorDash and Zoox close to the talent, their headquarters, and their manufacturing hubs throughout the Bay Area.
DoorDash, which is headquartered in San Francisco, designs and builds its delivery bot, Dot, in Fremont through a partnership with Sonic Manufacturing. The partnership allows engineers from DoorDash Labs, the company's robotics arm, to work ""shoulder-to-shoulder"" with Sonic employees, a DoorDash spokesperson said.
""In some situations, going from designing the line to rolling out our first robot could take months or even years,"" the spokesperson said. ""Thanks to the collaboration between the team working at Sonic and our Labs facilities, it only took a matter of weeks.""
Anyware Robotics, a small startup founded in 2023 that builds mobile warehouse robots, fits its entire operation inside one 11,000 square-foot Fremont facility.
Torsten Schreiber, Anyware cofounder and VP of go-to-market and product, said everything from software development to robot testing happens in the same building, allowing the startup to iterate quickly.
""Fremont sits at the intersection of Silicon Valley software talent and the East Bay's hardware and manufacturing,"" he said. ""It's a combination that is hard to find anywhere else.""
Schreiber said the location also puts his company near its customers' warehouses and distribution operations.
Zoox, Amazon's robotaxi venture, also planted its manufacturing operations in Fremont and the neighboring city of Hayward. Its Fremont site retrofits test vehicles and configures sensor pods, while the Hayward facility assembles the purpose-built robotaxi.
Zoox said the locations are close enough to its headquarters in Foster City to allow daily collaboration between the engineering and manufacturing teams. A Zoox spokesperson said the company is hiring for several positions supporting the two sites.
In 2022, Meta expanded operations not far from its Menlo Park headquarters with a Fremont campus. Today, that campus is heavily focused on hardware research and development, particularly robotics and virtual- and augmented-reality devices, a Meta spokesperson said.
Across the street is Agility's new hub.
Fremont is not about to replace San Francisco or the Peninsula as the Bay Area's startup and venture capital centers. Instead, the city's role has proven to be more physical, enabling companies to expand their robotics ambitions and place engineers near the factory floor.
Tesla earlier this year said its first large-scale Optimus humanoid production line would replace the Model S and Model X lines at its Fremont plant.
Agility, meanwhile, will continue to manufacture its Digit humanoid in Salem, where the startup is headquartered, while expanding its engineering pool in the Bay Area, Hurst, the cofounder, said.
In Fremont, Digit will undergo extensive testing as engineers teach the humanoid new skills.
As the robotics race heats up, investors are hungry to see robots work beyond a demo video. Hurst said that Agility's new Fremont presence will also give customers and investors already passing through the Bay Area a chance to see Digit in action.
""It's no longer acceptable to show just a demo or a video of a robot doing a thing,"" Hurst said, adding that the Fremont location saves visitors from making a trip to Agility's Salem HQ.
""Having this here so people can swing through is really convenient.""
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
50,2026-07-24,"
        This article originally appeared on The Texas Tribune.    
WASHINGTON — Texas’ U.S. House delegation will experience high turnover come 2027, as a spate of retirements, redistricting-related changes and competitive races have the potential to remake the state’s footprint in Washington.
The delegation also stands to get wealthier. The majority of prospective new members are likely millionaires, according to a Texas Tribune analysis of candidates’ personal financial disclosures.
Exact net worths are impossible to pin down, given that candidates are required to list their assets in broad ranges, not exact dollar amounts. This means a candidate might report owning stock worth $15,001 to $50,000, for example, rather than a specific figure. They are required to disclose revenue-generating assets and investments, including bank accounts of over $5,000, stock portfolios, money market accounts, retirement funds and rental properties. Additionally, candidates are exempted from including some assets, such as personal residences or vehicles.
But using these ranges, it is possible to estimate the net worths of the likely incoming members who will be voting on the nation’s laws and regulating industries in which some have a direct financial stake. To estimate each candidate’s net worth, the Tribune took the midpoint of their lowest and highest possible worths, based on the assets and liabilities they listed on their disclosure forms.
Among 15 first-time candidates from Texas who could be in Congress next year and who disclosed their assets, the median estimated net worth was $3.34 million. Nearly half the potential incoming members had net worths which, at minimum, top $1 million. Five of the 15 could be worth $10 million or more at the high end.
Anthony Gutierrez, the executive director of Common Cause Texas, a nonpartisan government watchdog group, said the trend owes to a campaign finance system that rewards candidates with money or access to it.
“If [parties] are evaluating one candidate versus another, they’re very much looking at: Is this person going to be able to raise the numbers that are required in order to be a viable candidate?” Gutierrez said. “That one piece of criteria is often the one that beats everything else.”
Common Cause advocates for a ban on stock trading among members of Congress, who are currently required to disclose stock activity but are not banned from trading. Gutierrez said a candidate who is serious about demonstrating a commitment to good governance should be comprehensive in their financial disclosures and could divest from any stock holdings.
“What is required by law as far as disclosure should be treated as the bare minimum,” he said.
The 15 candidates include nominees running in safe seats, where they are considered all but locks to win in November due to the partisan lean of the district, and nominees from both parties running in competitive seats. The analysis looks at candidates who have not held federal office before, meaning incumbents were excluded.
Two likely new members are worth at least tens of millions of dollars, and potentially worth over $100 million — Republican Mark Teixeira, running for the Central Texas seat currently held by retiring Rep. Chip Roy, R-Austin, and Republican Chris Gober, the favorite to replace retiring Rep. Michael McCaul, R-Austin.
Teixeira, a former Major League Baseball star who made hundreds of millions of dollars during his 14-year baseball career, has a net worth between about $48 million and $331 million, according to an overview of his personal financial disclosure. That figure would make Teixeira likely the wealthiest member of the Texas delegation and one of the richest in Congress.
The former first baseman holds stock in a number of companies that Congress has jurisdiction over, including tech giants like Amazon, pharmaceutical firms like AbbVie and artificial intelligence company Nvidia, through his retirement plans, a trust and a limited liability company.
Teixeira also has ownership interests in a number of companies, including an e-sports league, hotel development and management firms, and real estate developments.
Related
Teixeira’s campaign said he has a team of financial advisors that direct his stock trades, and that he is working with them on identifying structures — including a potential qualified blind trust — to remove any financial conflict of interest while in office. Teixeira’s campaign also said the candidate’s goal is to not have to buy or sell individual stocks in Congress.
Gober, who owns the conservative powerhouse law firm LexPolitica, has a net worth of between about $32 million and $107 million, according to his disclosure. His law firm alone is worth $25 million to $50 million.
In addition, Gober owns rental properties in Port Aransas, Garland and Telluride and between $100,001 and $250,000 of Bitcoin, which would make him one of just a handful of lawmakers to own cryptocurrency as digital asset legislation gains traction in Congress.
In a statement, Gober, who has stakes in companies including Alphabet, Apple and Tesla, committed to not trading stock while he is an elected official.
“The American people don’t send people to Washington to get rich, and they deserve confidence that elected representatives are serving the people and not themselves,” he said. “As I’ve stated on the campaign trail, I won’t trade individual stocks while serving in Congress, and everything I own will remain fully disclosed to the public.”
Beyond Teixeira and Gober, several candidates have multimillion-dollar net worths. In the Houston area, Jessica Steinmann, the GOP nominee to replace Rep. Morgan Luttrell, R-Magnolia, is worth between $2 million and $4.6 million, while Alex Mealer, running in a redrawn seat in Harris and Liberty counties, has a net worth of $2.3 million to $8 million. Republican Jon Bonck, in retiring Rep. Wesley Hunt’s seat, is worth about $2.3 million to $8.7 million.
Republican Tom Sell, the nominee in the West Texas seat that Rep. Jodey Arrington, R-Lubbock, is vacating, has millions of dollars worth of assets. A farmer and lobbyist, Sell disclosed four farms, worth a combined total of $1.25 million to $2.5 million. His consulting firm, which counts several high-profile agricultural groups as clients, is worth between $1 million and $5 million.
But Sell also has mortgages and commercial notes on his properties, putting his net worth as low as negative $2.8 million and as high as $13.9 million.
Texas’ delegation could be in for further change if a handful of South Texas seats flip control this November. After redistricting, Republicans are hoping to defeat Reps. Henry Cuellar, D-Laredo and Vicente Gonzalez, D-McAllen, with a pair of recruits the national party is enthused about.
Both Republican candidates — Eric Flores and Tano Tijerina — are multimillionaires. Flores, a lawyer challenging Gonzalez, is worth between $2.6 million and $11.4 million, owing to his ownership of a healthcare company and his wife’s trust.
Tijerina, who as Webb County Judge is already an elected official, is worth between $3 million and $10.5 million. Tijerina and his wife have ownership interests in a number of Laredo businesses, including a hemp farm which produces CBD products, an oil and gas exploration firm, a ranch and a real estate development company.
Not all prospective members are wealthy. Some, like Democrats Johnny Garcia and Katy Padilla Stout, both running in Republican-leaning districts in South Texas, have maximum net worths of under $250,000. Garcia disclosed only a pension, worth $100,001 to $250,000, while Padilla Stout only listed a bank account, a mutual fund and her spouse’s retirement plans.
Republican Trever Nehls, running to replace his brother, Rep. Troy Nehls, in the 22nd Congressional District, had the lowest estimated net worth of potential incoming members. Nehls only disclosed a handful of bank accounts, stock and a mutual fund — all worth less than $15,000, while listing liabilities in the form of revolving credit from three credit card companies.
Nehls does list a six-figure salary in earned income from his consulting business in 2024. His net worth, according to his disclosure, is as low as negative $145,000 and as high as $30,000 in the black.
One candidate — Republican Brandon Herrera, running to replace former GOP lawmaker Tony Gonzales — did not disclose any assets in his filing. Herrera solely disclosed $80,000 in income in 2024 from his company, The AK Guy, along with numerous sources of compensation in excess of $5,000, including creator payouts and merchandise sales from his YouTube presence.
Herrera has said that he “made millions” before his congressional bid and that Congress, where members earn an annual salary of $174,000, would represent a “90%+ pay cut.”
Herrera’s campaign said he plans to refile an amended financial disclosure. His campaign manager said Friday that accountants are still working on the new filing.
Herrera also said on X that he supported a proposal to prevent lawmakers from buying stock in office and pledged to refrain from doing so himself — though his current financial disclosure does not include any stock ownership.
Democrat Frederick Haynes III, who is running to replace Rep. Jasmine Crockett in her Dallas district, is the sole potential incoming member who has not filed a financial disclosure.
Disclosures are due within 30 days of becoming a candidate or by May 15, whichever is later, and must be done annually, making Haynes delinquent. He has not filed an extension request.
Haynes’ campaign said the candidate was working on the filing and expected it to be completed within a week.
Disclosure: Amazon, Apple and Common Cause have been financial supporters of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors. Financial supporters play no role in The Texas Tribune’s journalism. Find a complete list of them here.
This article first appeared on The Texas Tribune.
 
Read more
about this topic

        Copyright © 2026 Salon.com, LLC. Reproduction of material from any Salon pages without written permission is strictly prohibited. SALON ® is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as a trademark of Salon.com, LLC. Associated Press articles: Copyright © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.    


            VPN Providers        



            DMCA Policy        
"
51,2026-07-24,"With the O’Reilly learning platform, you get the resources and guidance to keep your skills sharp and stay ahead. Try it free for up to 14 days.
Join a live online event on the O’Reilly platform to learn from the experts shaping tech.
Please read our privacy policy.

Radar
> Topics
> This Week in AI
Regulation reaches AI infrastructure, OpenAI expands into hardware, and Chinese models challenge the economics of the market


By Michelle Smith July 24, 2026 • 6 minute read
AI buyers have more choices than they did a year ago, but they also carry more responsibility for cost, reliability, security, and regulatory risk. This week, data and AI evangelist Christina Stathopoulos focused in on four forces we’ve been tracking that are shaping the AI market: product strategy (and OpenAI’s hardware plans), expanding government oversight, the work of moving enterprise AI into production, and growing competition from Chinese frontier labs. Her briefing showed why AI is becoming an operating investment rather than a race to adopt the strongest model.
Two years after Apple announced a major partnership to bring ChatGPT into Apple Intelligence, the companies now face each other in court. It’s happening as OpenAI plans its first move into hardware with a screenless AI companion that’s being designed by Jony Ive, Apple’s former chief design officer. (OpenAI acquired Ive’s hardware company io in May 2025.) But a lawsuit brought by Apple complicates this product bet. Apple alleges that former employees took confidential hardware designs and engineering information to help accelerate OpenAI’s device development. OpenAI denies the allegations and says it has no interest in using a competitor’s trade secrets.
The outcome of the case could influence more than whether a single device ships. As frontier AI companies expand into hardware, intellectual property, hiring practices, and product design will become integral to the competitive landscape alongside models, chips, and distribution.
Governments are beginning to examine the physical costs of AI alongside questions about training data and generated content. Christina pointed to New York’s plans to pause construction of new hyperscale data centers while regulators evaluate their impact on electricity, water, the power grid, and costs for local communities. And then there’s the output itself. German courts say AI search providers are responsible for false or misleading answers: Regulators in Germany argue that services such as Google AI Overviews and Perplexity create content rather than merely link to it, and that comes with increased legal liability.
We’ve followed government oversight of frontier AI throughout this series, but the conversation has expanded beyond model access and safety. As infrastructure and compliance decisions become more central to AI system design, technology leaders may need to consider an ever-growing catalogue of constraints when choosing regions, cloud providers, architectures, and products.
As the tides turn from tokenmaxxing to ROI, many companies are closely scrutinizing their AI spend. As Christina highlighted, a new proposal from OpenAI aimed at helping get “more value from [y]our AI spend” replaces token counts and benchmark scores with “useful intelligence per dollar.” The measure asks whether a system completes valuable work, what each successful task costs, whether people can trust the output, and whether the economics improve as more teams adopt it.
A low token price says little about the cost of retries, human review, integration, failed tasks, or incorrect results. Christina connected that measurement problem to the growth of enterprise AI implementation services, with Anthropic and other vendors placing experienced engineers inside customer organizations to help move pilots into production.
Anthropic’s research on agentic misalignment tackles a related aspect of that value: Are your agents actually aligned with the goals you’ve assigned them? In the controlled evaluations discussed in the episode, models from several providers displayed behaviors such as covert sabotage, motivated mislabeling, and attempts to influence people to act on their behalf. Although the researchers tested artificial scenarios rather than reporting production incidents, the findings identify behaviors teams should include in evaluations as systems gain more autonomy. Measure cost, reliability, and safety within the same workflow, and evaluate successfully completed tasks rather than prompts or token count.
Chinese frontier labs are giving organizations more credible alternatives to the largest proprietary US models. Christina highlighted Moonshot AI’s Kimi K3, an open weight model designed for coding and reasoning tasks. Open weights let developers download and adapt model parameters instead of relying only on a vendor-controlled API, which supports local deployment and customization but also puts more responsibility on the organization for security, operations, and evaluation.
Christina also presented public benchmark data comparing Chinese and Western models by task that shows some Chinese alternatives delivering results within 3% to 18% of the Western benchmark while costing five to 12 times less. Those figures will vary by workload and deployment method, and buyers should verify them against their own evaluations. Even so, the price gap alone is a reason to test a wider range of models.
Chinese models also raise security and governance questions, especially when the work requires sending sensitive data across borders or using public services. Open weights may allow a company to host models in their own environments, but they don’t eliminate the need for access controls, software supply chain review, monitoring, and clear rules about what data the system can process. The best model may differ from one task to another, and organizations with repeatable evaluation practices will be better prepared to take advantage of price competition without lowering their security or quality standards.
AI competition extends beyond model benchmarks. Vendors compete through hardware, implementation services, open models, and pricing, while governments are also setting expectations for the infrastructure these systems use and the information they produce.
The takeaway for practitioners is to constantly evaluate models against real tasks, calculate the cost of successful outcomes, test for unsafe behavior, and preserve the flexibility to change providers. Those practices help teams make better decisions as price, access, regulation, and model performance continue to change.
Next week, Christina explores OpenAI’s surprising security incident in which one of its AI systems reportedly escaped the boundaries of a controlled test and launched a cyberattack against Hugging Face. She’ll also look at why OpenAI’s new enterprise agent platform, Presence, arrives at a pivotal moment for AI safety. Plus, you’ll hear about Google’s latest moves, the intensifying global AI race, China’s new Kimi K3 model, and more.
Check back each Friday for the latest episode, or watch on YouTube, Spotify, Apple, or wherever you get your podcasts.
Follow us
Take O'Reilly with you and learn anywhere, anytime on your phone and tablet.
View all O'Reilly videos, virtual conferences, and live events on your home TV.


Do not sell or share my personal information
.

© 2026, O'Reilly Media, Inc. All trademarks and registered trademarks appearing on oreilly.com are the property of their respective owners."
52,2026-07-24,Prebuilt desktop computers equipped with RTX 50 series GPUs for way below market price.
53,2026-07-24,"Find more of the Art of Manliness:
 Browse
 all Get Style          
 Browse
 all Get Strong          
 Browse
 all Get Social          
 Browse
 all Get Skilled          
 in: Odds & Ends
  Brett & Kate McKay  • July 24, 2026

OAS Saguaro swim shorts. I needed a new pair of swim trunks this summer. I’ve always loved Western motifs, and reading Lonesome Dove with the Dying Breed book club has put cowboys particularly on my brain lately, so when I came across these shorts from OAS (a Swedish swimwear brand), they were hard to pass up. They feature a Western cowboy print that’s a Huckberry exclusive. The shorts are made with a quick-dry fabric and several pockets for your stuff, including a small hidden zip pocket on the side to stash your car or room key. There’s also a camp-collar shirt with the same print available that you can wear with the shorts while lounging by the pool or separately when you’re out and about. Giddy up!
The Death of the Stick Shift is Almost Here. Both Kate and I learned to drive on stick shifts, and for years during our married life we had a manual Honda Element. We sold it several years ago, and I kind of wish we hadn’t. Gus is driving age now, and it would have been nice for him to learn how to drive stick on the Element. Because as this Washington Post piece observes, this is a fast-dying skill. Less than 1% of new vehicles made for the U.S. market last year were manuals, down from about a third in 1980, and only 39% of Gen Z knows how to drive one, compared to 83% of Baby Boomers. It’s too bad. Working a clutch and shifting through the gears makes you feel connected to the road in a way an automatic never does. It makes driving more fun. And the modern world could sure use more tactile fun. For a refresher on this going-going-gone skill, check out our article on how to drive a stick shift. 
Status Anxiety by Alain de Botton. Eleven years ago, we wrote an in-depth series on the nature of status, and this book is what sent me down that rabbit hole in the first place. De Botton explores why we care so much about what other people think of us and the consequences of that caring. Modern life only exacerbates status anxiety since it’s possible to compare how we’re doing with pretty much everyone in the entire world via social media. He then makes the case for how philosophy, art, and religion can be a balm for status anxiety. De Botton’s a philosopher, but he writes for regular folks; it’s an easy, accessible read, and I still think about it a lot. 
O Brother, Where Art Thou? Christopher Nolan’s adaptation of the Odyssey just hit theaters, and while I haven’t gotten around to seeing it yet (hoping to soon), all the Homer talk got me hankering to revisit the Coen brothers’ version of the epic, which I watched in chunks during my Zone 2 cardio sessions this week. Twenty-five years later, it’s still hilarious. George Clooney’s fast-talking, pomade-obsessed Ulysses Everett McGill remains one of his best roles. And the soundtrack is still awesome. The T Bone Burnett-produced collection of old-time bluegrass and gospel got a lot of rotation in my car’s 5-disc CD player back in high school (a great soundtrack for when you’re driving stick). I’ll be queuing it up on my iPhone in the car in 2026.  
On our Dying Breed newsletter, we published Sunday Firesides: Advancing on Chaos and the Dark and Dying Breed Field Trip: Woolaroc Museum and Wildlife Preserve.
Quote of the Week
Did you ever hear of a man who had striven all his life faithfully and singly toward an object and in no measure obtained it? If a man constantly aspires, is he not elevated? Did ever a man try heroism, magnanimity, truth, sincerity, and find that there was no advantage in them? That it was a vain endeavor?
âHenry David Thoreau
Never miss an update
Subscribe to the AoM Newsletter
Want to start taking action on the content you read on AoM?
Never miss an update
Subscribe to the AoM Newsletter
View all          
Related
Articles///
View all          
The Art of Manliness participates in affiliate marketing programs, which means we get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links. We only recommend products we genuinely like, and purchases made through our links support our mission and the free content we publish here on AoM."
54,2026-07-24,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
Jul 24, 2026 — 12:28 PM ET
Amazon has the Google Pixel 10 Pro down to $699, which is $300 off its $999 recommended retail price. That is a 30% discount relative to RRP, and it puts Google’s current compact Pro flagship within reach for a lot more buyers. This deal has been around for a bit, but stock-clearing discounts like this can end at any time, so it is worth a look while the price is still live.

The Pixel 10 Pro launched in August 2025 and still stands as one of Google’s premium phones in mid-2026. It packs a 6.3-inch display and runs on the Google Tensor G5 chip. You also get Wi-Fi 7, Bluetooth 6, ultra-wideband, and satellite SOS support. On top of that, Google is still pushing active software support, including the July 2026 Pixel update rollout for supported Pixel phones, and the Pixel 10 series is set up for years of OS and security updates.
This is $15 above the Prime Day price, but it is still very close to that all-time low mark as retailers clear inventory ahead of the next Pixel launch. That makes it a strong time to buy if you want a Pro-tier Pixel now instead of waiting for the next model. Amazon shoppers also rate it 4.4 out of 5, which adds to the appeal.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
55,2026-07-24,"Happy Friday, folks! I've finally unboxed just about everything I own, which I'm counting as fully moved into the new place. Are all those things in their right place? Absolutely not. Do all of them even have right places? Even less so. But I have my garage shelving, my workbench, and my desk all in my bedroom, and they'll slowly get more organized. 
You, I'm sure, have your garage shelving and workbench somewhere more suitable — say, perhaps, a garage. Maybe even a garage with an open bay, just waiting for something new and interesting to end up hidden away behind its door. Whether you're in the market for a project, a reliable parts-hauler, or just a simple fun car to cruise around in on the weekends, I think you'll find something in this week's selection of listings that appeals. Welcome, my dear beloved readers, to this week's collection of the internet's Dopest Cars. 
I've long said that any ute conversion deserves a spot in these hallowed pages. That's still true, and it never won't be. If I ever change my mind on that, I've been body snatched, and I request you shoot the being wearing my skin in the head immediately. But there's more going on with this particular Beetle ute: It looks genuinely sketchy in a way that deeply appeals to me. 
This Beetle is a Smyth conversion, neither the first nor the last of its ilk to grace Dopest, but all the joints on the rear window here just seem downright bad. Busted paint, broken joints, one section appears to have the texture of aluminum tape. I love a sketchy car and a beat-up pickup, and this manages to combine both into one $7,000 package. Maybe lowball the seller before you go offering full asking price for this one. 
Bashed-up FR-Ses are a dime a dozen, so why does this one deserve a spot in Dopest? A few reasons. First is the BRZ bumper, which isn't actually as simple a swap as you might expect. The BRZ kept its turn signals in its headlights, while the FR-S had separate lights in the front bumper — a proper swap involves using BRZ headlights, or at least aftermarket units with BRZ wiring. A proper swap also includes paint, though, so who knows what the deal is here. 
The most fascinating part of this listing, though, is a single line in the description: ""Hood was damage from previous owners savagery, but no accident damage that im aware of."" Putting aside ""previous owners savagery"" as both incredibly unhelpful and morally questionable phrasing, how can you claim this doesn't have accident damage? Look at the front of your car, man. I assure you it didn't come from the factory like this. 
I know, I know, this isn't the GPZ900 we all know and love from ""Top Gun."" Maverick would never have stooped to a lowly 750. It's also not the GPZ750 Turbo of ""Jenny From Thebes,"" having as it does a naturally-aspirated engine. But I posit that there are redeeming qualities to this more milquetoast GPZ, and they boil down to one main factor: Price. 
Any vehicle for $600 is a good buy, let alone a GPZ. This is financial advice, by the way: If you see a vehicle for $600, regardless of its condition, title status, or parts availability, you should buy it. Not just vehicles you're interested, but any self-powered device on wheels that you can get for $600. This is infallible advice, and it will make you wealthy beyond your wildest dreams. (Editor's note: Amber is not a qualified financial advisor, and also she's broke. Don't listen to her.)
The '68 Dodge Charger is the one everyone knows and loves, but I posit that the subsequent '73 gets a bad rep. Sure, it's worse in almost every measurable way, but consider: It's gorgeous. Not the front end, but the rest of it — just look at that Hofmeister kink-ish curve! This body shape is the least changeable part of a car, so you can make the rest better. We have the technology. 
The seller claims this 1973 Dodge Charger still runs and drives on its original hardware, but you could easily throw a Hellcat motor in there. Or a Hellephant. Dodge really has some specific branding going on here, huh? Anyway, chop the front end off and stuff a modern engine in there, and you'll have a gorgeous car that's more distinctive than the '68. Those things are everywhere, you deserve something unique. With some truly gorgeous pillars. 
I love ads like this, which only sort of specify the thing they're selling. Oh, it's a Gixxer? Great! Wanna tell me which model? Is it a 1,000, a 750, a 600, or even a 250? Nope, sorry, just GSX-R. That's all the info we get. 
Luckily for you, I did the research to determine that this is in fact a GSX-R600. It's an odd one, because OEMs generally print that on the front fairing somewhere, but Suzuki elected to leave the 600 badging to the rear fairing — a fairing that the seller of this Gixxer seems to have entirely replaced or rebadged. The paint match seems perfect, which would point towards an aftermarket livery over factory paint, but who would bother to do that just on the rear fairing of a bike unless it was a crash repair? I'm fascinated by the history of this GSX-R600, and I need you to buy it just so you can figure out what sort of state it's in. 
If you're anything like me, this is what you came here for: A kei van, a Mitsubishi Bravo, on Polaris tracks. I would write more, but honestly what more do you need to know? You have ""kei van,"" you have ""on tracks,"" and you have the price. I can't sell you on this any better than the car itself can, so just go buy it. And let me drive it sometime. 
Do you want to take on a big project, but you want ""big"" to refer to the physical size of the thing you're working on? Allow me to introduce this Oshkosh MK48 truck and trailer combo, which the seller says ""Hasn't run in some time."" But imagine how easy it must be to work on! Every bolt is probably the size of your pinkie, and I can't imagine there are any tight crevices in here to get your knuckles caught in.  
The seller also says that the ""FIRST PERSON WITH $5000 CASH"" takes it. I have to wonder how many people are really lining up to throw money down on an Oshkosh military truck and trailer combo, and whether anyone's really beating down this seller's door to be the first person to somehow tow this massive thing home. How would you even manage that? A flatbed semi truck trailer?
He's just a little guy!
Putting your Ducati on a branded carpet, so its precious tires aren't marred by the dirty, dirty ground, is peak Ducatista behavior. You could slide some cardboard under the engine to catch any leaks, but no — this is a Ducati, and only Duacti-branded accessories will do. Except of course for the Microtec ECU this bike used to run, which isn't included in the sale. 
That means you'll have to bring your own electronic brain, and you'll have to do it before you actually get the bike on the road. That Microtec ECU eliminated the need for a key, and there isn't one included in the sale of the bike — bring your own race-prepped ECU or you're stuck. Still, I think that's a small price to pay for a bike this pretty. Look at the way the tank matches the frame! That's art right there, you philistines. 
Let freedom ring, baby!"
56,2026-07-24,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
Jul 24, 2026 — 4:03 PM ET

Roku devices are getting more expensive. The streaming hardware maker quietly raised the prices of its products this week, with increases ranging from $10 to $50.
As spotted by The Desk (via The Verge), the listed retail prices of Roku’s current-generation streaming hardware have gone up. The Roku Ultra and the Roku Streambar SE saw the largest increases: both have jumped 50% from $99.99 to $149.99.
The entry-level Roku Streaming Stick has increased from $29.99 to $39.99. The Streaming Stick Plus and Streaming Stick 4K are both up $20, now retailing for $59.99 and $79.99, respectively.
In practice, Roku’s MSRP adjustments aren’t affecting consumers just yet. Roku’s own online storefront currently lists all of the devices mentioned above at sale prices that conveniently match their former sticker prices (though it makes clear that’s a “Limited time offer”). It looks like third-party retailers like Amazon and Walmart haven’t raised their own prices on Roku devices yet, either, so the changes to listed MSRPs may be Roku’s way raising prices more gradually.
Roku hasn’t made any announcements about the latest price adjustments, but the company is hardly alone in increasing sticker prices on its products this year. From Apple and Samsung to Valve and Nintendo, makers of consumer electronics have been grappling with increasing component costs as the ever-growing AI industry has rapidly increased demand for hardware components, particularly memory. This has invariably led to higher costs for consumers as manufacturers try to protect their margins.
Last month, Fox announced that it’s acquiring Roku for a combination of cash and stock valued at a total of $22 billion.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
57,2026-07-24,"Investing

							American Express beat estimates with $4.53 EPS but chose to reinvest the upside into growth rather than book it; AXP shares declined 6%.													

							Visa and Mastercard shares held flat on the day, confirming AXP's drop is company-specific, not a broader payments-sector signal.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Visa didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© adamdodd / iStock Editorial via Getty Images
American Express (NYSE:AXP | AXP Price Prediction) stock is sliding Friday morning, trading at $320.55 and down 6% after the card issuer reported a Q2 2026 beat that traders opted to fade. The reaction hit within an hour of the 8:30 a.m. ET 8-K Form, pulling American Express stock down from a prior close of $340.84.
The drop extends a rough stretch for shareholders. American Express stock entered the release already 7% lower year to date (YTD), and today’s move deepens that underperformance versus the broader market.
American Express’s payments-sector peers are barely budging. Visa (NYSE:V) stock and Mastercard (NYSE:MA) stock are both holding steady in early trading, signaling the reaction is company-specific rather than a payments-segment rotation.
American Express posted Q2 EPS of $4.53, topping the $4.40 consensus estimate, while revenue net of interest expense of $19.6 billion came in just below estimates. Net income landed at $3.11 billion.
Billed business climbed 9% to $455.8 billion, the strongest Card Member spending growth in three years on an FX-adjusted basis. American Express’s management raised its full-year revenue growth guidance to 10%, yet held FY 2026 EPS guidance unchanged at $17.30 to $17.90.
That combination is the friction point for American Express. Better top-line trajectory is being funneled back into growth spending rather than dropping to the bottom line. American Express CEO Stephen Squeri expressed his confidence:
Based on our better-than-expected performance in the first half of the year, we are raising our full-year revenue growth guidance to 10 percent and plan to reinvest this outperformance in growth initiatives given the significant opportunities we see ahead.
However, cost trends compound the concerns for American Express. The company’s consolidated expenses grew 12% to $14.5 billion, outpacing revenue growth, and the effective tax rate jumped to 24% from 19% a year ago.
Credit was a bright spot, though. Provisions of $1.1 billion came in well below the $1.4 billion booked a year ago, and the company’s net write-off rate held flat at 2%. American Express also disclosed a proposed acquisition of TheFork, a European restaurant booking platform with 50,000 restaurants across 11 countries, adding to the reinvestment narrative reshaping expectations.
Visa stock is essentially flat at $352.40, and Mastercard stock is holding at $532.29. That divergence undercuts any read-through to broader payments weakness on the day.
Zooming out, Visa stock is up 1% YTD, while Mastercard stock sits down 7% YTD. Both networks have posted clean beats in their most recent quarters, keeping their sentiment backdrop intact heading into Visa’s upcoming report.
The Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLF), which holds all three names, is trading flat at $55.78. The XLF ETF‘s stability reinforces the idiosyncratic framing, since American Express carries a meaningful weighting inside the fund but isn’t dragging the entire sector down with it today.
The historical pattern matters here too. Four of the last five American Express earnings beats produced negative same-day reactions, so the fade itself follows a familiar script. The magnitude of today’s drop is notably larger than the recent five-quarter average day-of change on beats.
The next signal is whether American Express stock stabilizes above $320. A hold there could suggest the reinvestment message has been absorbed, while a break lower may invite analyst target trims into next week.
Traders can watch for follow-through in Visa stock and Mastercard stock as Visa’s own report approaches, which could test whether the payments group stays resilient. Sell-side notes focused on American Express expense growth and Platinum Card refresh economics are the likely catalysts for the next leg.
The read for now is straightforward: American Express delivered strong spending and revenue trends, then chose to spend the upside rather than book it. That posture may prove defensible over the long term, but it explains why a clear beat isn’t translating into an AXP stock rally today.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
David Moadel is financial writer specializing in stocks, ETFs, options, precious metals, and Bitcoin. David has written well over 1,000 articles for leading online publications, helping investors understand markets, income strategies, and risk.
His work has appeared in The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, U.S. News & World Report, TipRanks, ValueWalk, Benzinga, Market Realist, TalkMarkets, Finmasters, 24/7 Wall St., and others.
With a master’s degree in education, David has taught at the elementary, high school, and college levels. That teaching background shapes his writing style: clear, educational, and practical. David has also built a loyal social-media audience by providing trustworthy financial content on YouTube, X/Twitter, and StockTwits.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Three of the best-known names in financial services are stuck in the mud. Visa (NYSE:V | V Price Prediction), Mastercard…
Americans love to “charge it”. This is why the darlings of plastic American Express Company (NYSE:AXP), Visa Inc. (NYSE:V), MasterCard Incorporated…
MasterCard Inc. (NYSE: MA) absolutely crushed estimates this morning, reporting third-quarter EPS of of $5.63 on revenue of $1.82 billion.…
Visa (NYSE:V | V Price Prediction) and Mastercard (NYSE:MA) both reported earnings in January, revealing two networks that look nearly…
Live Updates Updates From the Conference Call Jan 29, 2026 at 5:19 PM EST Management used the call to emphasize…
The earnings reports were solid for both Visa and MasterCard and shares up both were up in Thursday morning trading.
Stripe and a private-equity giant are circling PayPal with billions in committed financing, but at least one famous short-seller says…
Over the past year, the shareholders of American Express have seen the share price decline a whopping 12%.
ThinkstockVisa Inc. (NYSE: V) was among the most recent additions to the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA). It is obviously…"
58,2026-07-24,"Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Eric Trump's crypto company dropped in the stock market.

July 24 2026, Updated 2:07 p.m. ET
Eric Trump came into a bit of financial trouble after some bad moves with cryptocurrency.
The 42-year-old co-founded American Bitcoin Corp., a crypto mining venture, last year, and it's already taken a drop. Generally speaking, the cryptocurrency community has faced issues with the market, which has hit some relative lows, including in Bitcoin. Now, Trump's company has hit an all time low in the stock market, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Eric Trump lost about $600million.
The company hit a high of $140 per share last year. However, on Wednesday, it dropped down to just $6 per share – a 90 percent plummet. The downturn is a 40 percent value loss year-to-date.
Trump retained a 6 percent stake in the company, which means he's down approximately $600million in market value, according to Bloomberg. 
Eric Trump partnered with his brother in the company's tech expansion.
Worse yet, the loss had an impact on the Trump family legacy fortune. After all, much of their ventures and business dealings are linked through the Trump Organization.
His brother, Donald Trump Jr., also held an adviser role with the crypto-focused company. However, his stake in the organization is currently undisclosed.
Eric and Don Jr. co-founded a company, American Data Centers Inc., together that acted as a predecessor to American Bitcoin Corp. The organization was backed by Trump-advised investment bank Dominari Holdings Inc. The first company, according to Eric, was ""crucial for the development of AI infrastructure in the United States.""
However, American Bitcoin, after taking over the data center company, focused on crypto, and it originally avoided getting involved in the AI boom. The decision to double down on crypto reportedly contributed to the plummeting stock and value.
American Bitcoin Corp. claimed prospects will improve.
American Bitcoin and Eric are insistent this is only a low spat and they'll come out on top in the end. They argued the industry's focus on AI will free up market space for crypto-focused companies like American Bitcoin Corp.
CEO Mike Ho said on the company’s first-quarter earnings call, ""We’re seeing hundreds of megawatts from the leading public miners’ shift towards AI.""
The switch opened up less strain on the network. According to Ho, the difficulty dropped by 6 percent this quarter.
Eric is staying optimistic. While he admitted to Bitcoin's current ""volatility,"" he encouraged holders to hang onto their investments. 
On July 7, he celebrated, ""Thrilled to announce American Bitcoin crossing the 8,000 BTC mark!""
The middle Trump son added, ""I want to reiterate how we continue to differentiate ourselves, mining at a 52 percent profit margin in Q1 and continually adding to our treasury, all while maintaining one of the lowest SG&A ratios in the industry.

""The stacking continues.""
In April, at the Bitcoin Conference 2026 in Las Vegas, Eric similarly told his followers, “Just hold on guys, just hold on.”
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Eric and Lara Trump were forgotten in the president's speech.
Eric's position within the Trump family hierarchy is often questioned, especially as his father, President Donald Trump, appears to favor some of his other kids.
During his South Carolina primary victory speech, Donald listed out the names of his family in gratitude, leaving out Eric and his wife, Lara Trump. The pair was standing just feet away.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
© Copyright 2026 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice."
59,2026-07-24,"ClearBridge Investments, a global equity manager, recently published second-quarter 2026 commentary for its “Small Cap Growth Strategy”. A copy of the letter..."
60,2026-07-24,"Artisan Partners, an investment management company, released its second-quarter 2026 investor letter for its “Artisan Small Cap Fund”. A copy of the letter c..."
61,2026-07-24,"AMD CEO Dr. Lisa Su said that demand for AI isn't slowing down ""at all."""
62,2026-07-24,AMD has already had one of the best years of any stock in the market. Up more than 170% year-to-date. A market cap pushing toward $1 trillion. A server CPU b...
63,2026-07-24,"SouthernSun Asset Management, LLC, an investment management firm, released its “SouthernSun Smid Cap Strategy” second-quarter 2026 investor letter. A copy of..."
64,2026-07-24,
65,2026-07-24,"ClearBridge Investments, a global equity manager, recently published second-quarter 2026 commentary for its “Small Cap Growth Strategy”. A copy of the letter..."
66,2026-07-24,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Tech > Computing > Laptops
Preordered laptops might not get a price change, but they could have less RAM.
Senior Editor / Advice
Senior Editor / Advice

				Edited by Laura Michelle Davis 
July 24, 2026, 7:00 pm ET
The maker of fully modular laptops, Framework, is getting hit by a sharp increase in memory prices, and the numbers are pretty astounding. Its LPCAMM2 modules have nearly doubled: The 32GB jumped from $439 to $800, and the 64GB jumped from $849 to $1,600. 
In a July 22 news post on navigating the volatile silicon market, Framework’s CEO Nirav Patel said that the cost hikes from the supplier go “far beyond anything we had predicted and anything we’re able to absorb without placing our ability to operate at real financial risk.” 
In short, the memory market has become so volatile that Framework is passing on the higher costs to buyers rather than absorbing the losses itself. That part’s not surprising. 
But in perhaps a less conventional twist, to manage the orders it already took for its Framework Laptop 13 Pro, the company is rejiggering some presold configurations rather than canceling them. That means when inventory runs out, it’s downsizing configurations on preordered models and adjusting the price. Or more concretely, for later preorder batches that were set to ship with 64GB, it’s swapping in 32GB modules at the original 32GB price. 
So yes, some customers will end up with a different memory configuration than they originally picked. But they won’t get the sticker shock. Framework is also allowing customers to cancel their preorders for a full refund if the new configuration doesn’t meet their needs. 
LPCAMM2 is a somewhat newer memory module format analogous to SODIMM, which can be used in laptops to allow upgrading or replacing the module. That’s in contrast to most lightweight laptops, where the memory is part of a system on a chip or soldered to the mainboard. 
In a briefing with Micron, one of the biggest manufacturers of memory dies and modules, before it announced LPCAMM2 at CES 2024, my notes ended with “data center” scribbled on the bottom.  
That’s because, as the cost of AI data center memory rises, the pain is spread across a larger ecosystem. According to Framework’s own blog post, “the boom in data center construction and server manufacturing is consuming immense amounts of energy.” 
Dubbed “RAMageddon,” the crunch we’re experiencing is for anything created in a semiconductor fab, resulting in shortages of components for consumer laptops, smartphones, external storage devices, gaming consoles and more. That’s because fab resources are — or are expected to be — reallocated toward whatever’s ultimately the most profitable. And that pressure carries all the way down the supply chain, significantly boosting prices on the devices we buy.
Framework also attributes system price increases to factors beyond just memory, noting that the total cost of building those systems is going up in several places at once. So the sticker price reflects a costlier ingredient list, including the Core Ultra Series 3 processor for X7 and X9 models; Windows software license costs; and even the memory, storage and other chip components used in some Ryzen AI 300 Series configurations.
One of those things is not like the other, though. Despite no supply issues for bits, in early July, Microsoft raised Windows licensing fees as part of an across-the-board hike for all its products.
Beyond the obvious, Framework’s news post offers some insight into aspects of the crisis beyond inflation. For one, it proves just how complicated computer pricing and configuration decisions can get when you can’t rely on a “one price fits all, so the only way is up” model. What normally works for large manufacturers like Apple, Lenovo, HP and Dell won’t fly for smaller companies. Take, for instance, Maingear’s bring-your-own-RAM option, which lets you buy a built-to-order system with RAM you ship to the custom PC builder. 
For buyers, Framework’s unilateral configuration changes on preordered devices can be just as frustrating as a higher bill. If I order a laptop with 64GB, it’s because I need 64GB. 
But the beauty of a Framework-type laptop is the modularity, which means I can always upgrade to a higher capacity when (or if) prices ever hit whatever the new normal becomes.
That upgradability also highlights why we should be concerned about the existential threat the component situation poses to small companies and custom builders stuck in the middle. For instance, Framework was the first to develop an all-modular, fully upgradable laptop design in response to the industry hitting peak soldered-and-sealed. Now, companies like Lenovo are backtracking a bit with some of their lines to increase repairability, as with the company’s latest X1 Carbon.
Big companies might get away with quietly shifting specs over time to address the memory crunch. But smaller companies like Framework are offering some creative alternatives, reacting publicly and in real time.

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
67,2026-07-24,"At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life."
68,2026-07-24,Refrigerated carrier Marten Transport said a significantly tighter capacity environment is allowing it to improve freight selection and push rates higher. Th...
69,2026-07-24,"
Sign up with your email below to instantly access member features, newsletters and exclusive Insider perks


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest in phones
News, deals, reviews, guides and more…
Latest in computing
News, deals, reviews, guides and more on the newest computing gadgets

Start exploring exclusive deals, expert advice and more


Member Rewards


Unlock and manage exclusive Techradar member rewards.

Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed!
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
A different kind of AI data center CPU

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Nvidia's Vera CPU has a lot to prove, representing the company's first real attempt at the AI server CPU market, where traditional vendors Intel and AMD, along with third-party Arm-based providers, are all gunning for a piece of an increasingly lucrative data center pie.
To that end, Nvidia has published its most detailed technical account yet of the chip, promising substantial performance gains over the competition. Vera is the company's first server processor built around a fully in-house core design, a departure from the stock Arm cores that powered its Grace predecessor.
As Vera heads toward general availability in the second half of 2026, Nvidia is making its case on a specific front: not raw core count, but sustained per-core performance under load, the metric it argues matters most for agentic AI.
At the core of every Vera CPU is Olympus, Nvidia's first custom server core, built to the Armv9.2 instruction set but designed in-house rather than derived from Arm's stock Neoverse designs, as its predecessor, Grace, was.
Nvidia's second-generation data center CPU is a completely reworked design built around a single goal: to lead in agentic workload performance.
Rather than following Intel and AMD down the chiplet route, Nvidia packs all 88 cores (176 threads) onto a single monolithic die, with a dual-socket configuration delivering 176 cores and 352 threads in one system.
Nvidia has detailed the core design extensively, and several publications have since dug into the microarchitecture. The front end runs a 10-wide decode engine paired with a neural branch predictor that can resolve up to two taken branches per cycle, designed to handle the large instruction footprints and irregular control flow of interpreters, compilers, and agent runtimes.
Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed!
 



The mid core combines a wide rename-and-allocation engine with a large reorder buffer and dependency-breaking techniques including memory renaming and value prediction.
The execution engine schedules dynamically across integer, vector, floating-point, cryptographic, load, and store resources, while the cache subsystem adds a graph prefetcher targeting the pointer-chasing access patterns that defeat conventional streaming prefetchers.
That design has not gone unanswered. AMD has countered with estimated figures for its 256-core Zen 6 ""Venice"" part, claiming a 3.3x rack-level advantage over Vera, though those numbers are extrapolated rather than measured.
AMD responding first isn't surprising. Within x86, it continues taking ground from Intel, reaching 33.2% of x86 server CPU shipments in Q1 2026 per Mercury Research, up from 27.2% a year prior.
With Arm reporting that its architecture now accounts for roughly 50% of CPU compute among top hyperscalers, competition is building from several directions at once. Vera may well set a new bar for agentic AI.
 



Follow TechRadar on Google News and add us as a preferred source to get our expert news, reviews, and opinion in your feeds.
Rahim Amir is a UAE-based tech writer who enjoys building PCs as much as he enjoys writing about them. He has been professionally writing about PC hardware since 2023, focusing on buyer’s guides, hardware reviews, and sponsored content and features related to tech.
Having built hundreds of gaming PCs and being an avid gamer in his spare time, Rahim tends to have stronger opinions about hardware than most. This is particularly on display when he gets his way with powerful, but minimalistic RGB builds even as Small Form Factor (SFF) PCs come a close second.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

TechRadar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
70,2026-07-24,"Riverwater Partners, an investment management company, released its “Micro Opportunities Strategy” Q2 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter is available..."
71,2026-07-24,"No pillows required, apparently
I've been vaguely looking forward to grotty dark fantasy RPG The Blood Of Dawnwalker, despite its genAI flirtations. To recap, it casts you as a medieval vampire fledgling whose family has been abducted by another, boss vampire. You've got 30 days and nights to save your loved ones while deciding just how much you're going to succumb to the gore-guzzling curse.
Sounds stressful, but the game's modelling of time is quite forgiving: each day is broken into chrono-locked segments, with time only passing when you make certain choices. Also, you can ""bend"" time by offering murdered people's teeth to the Tooth Fairy.
The fairies in question are called Sanzhana. They look like chubby half-human moths, with blue skin and whispering wings. Our friends at Ian Games have a video in which we see one in action, harvesting enamel from cadavers dumped in a ring of red mushrooms. They routinely barter with bandits and other deplorables for pearly and not-so-pearly whites. You can get into the incisor trade yourself, if you really must. The Sanzhana don't pay for teeth in coins, mind: they're able to mess with the clock in unspecified ways.
“They allow you to play with the time limit,” creative director Mateusz Tomaszkiewicz explained to IGN, “because there are a lot of myths around pixies where they get to do some time-bending stuff. And for us, since our game is so heavily revolving around the time system, this was something cool to play around with.
“I think it's very cool when you do systemic stuff to have exceptions from it and some ways that impact it in ways you didn't anticipate,” he went on. “It creates this feeling that something unexpected might happen at every turn and there are still secrets to be found.”
I have so many questions. Firstly, do particular varieties of teeth bestow particular flavours of time-bending? For example, what can I get for a vampire's fang, versus the claggy bicuspids of some poor turnip farmer I met on the way to market?
Secondly, can I hand over my own teeth, and can I buy those teeth back with my surplus hours if I discover a quest shortcut? Thirdly, can I kill literally everybody in The Blood of Dawnwalker and lob their choppers into a mushroom circle, as when stacking corpses in just the one closet in Hitman? How many sets of teeth are there, exactly, in The Blood of Dawnwalker, and how many days, months or years does that equal? Are there sharks in The Blood of Dawnwalker, by the way? And if so, can I endlessly farm shark teeth to prevent time from advancing at all?
Be warned, Tomaszkiewicz: I am now dangerously invested in the concept of a dental temporal economy. If this turns out to be some kind of glorified checkpointing feature I will leave all of my shabbiest molars under your pillow. The Blood of Dawnwalker launches in September.

The Blood of Dawnwalker


        PC, PS5, Xbox Series X/S
    

        Rock Paper Shotgun is better when you sign in
      

        Sign in and join us on our journey to discover strange and compelling PC games.
      


""You cannot create art like this"": The Blood of Dawnwalker director on making AAA games that aren't just interested in money                    



Mark's most anticipated PC games for 2026                    



The Blood of Dawnwalker has no main quest, apparently, and now I'm a lot more interested in playing it                    



Freshly spilled Blood Of Dawnwalker footage reveals an action-RPG where Witcher dialogue meets wall-walking                    



Blood of Dawnwalker's time mechanics are surprisingly relaxed, but the hero may kill NPCs if you let him get thirsty                    



The Blood of Dawnwalker, former Witcher 3 devs' vampire RPG, shows off a guy being blood explosioned by a flying old lady                    



The Blood Of Dawnwalker, the vampire RPG from former CD Projekt folks, is coming out 2026                    



Ex-The Witcher 3 devs' vampire RPG The Blood of Dawnwalker gets a trailer, looks Witcherish                    

© 2026 Rock Paper Shotgun, an IGN Entertainment, Inc. brand. 60 Whitechapel High Street, London, E1 7PE, United Kingdom. All rights reserved. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission. Rock Paper Shotgun is a registered trademark of Gamer Network Limited, an affiliate of IGN Entertainment, Inc."
72,2026-07-24,"If you hold shares in the tax software giant, the market is pricing a future that could look radically different a year from now, and you already own that risk.
For shareholders of Intuit (INTU), the central question is whether the company’s new, fast-growing businesses can outrun the persistent troubles in its old core. It’s a high-stakes race, and the options market has priced a stunningly wide range of possible outcomes. If you own the stock, you’re sitting on that full, two-sided potential swing, whether you trade options or not.
That priced-in uncertainty is not a subtle tremor. Based on options expiring over the next year, the market is giving Intuit a 68% probability of finishing somewhere between a floor near $160 and a ceiling near $491.49. From today’s price of about $281.53, the path to that ceiling represents a 75% gain. The drop to the floor is a 43% decline. This is the risk you already own: a future where the stock could be sharply higher or lower, with both scenarios very much on the table.
Why Is the Market Pricing More Uncertainty Than Usual?
This isn’t just business as usual. The options market’s gauge of expected turbulence, its implied volatility, is currently 59%. That’s running at 1.27 times the stock’s realized volatility of 46%, a measure of how much it has actually moved over the past year. In simpler terms, traders are pricing in significantly more drama ahead than the stock has recently delivered. In fact, this level of implied volatility sits in the 98th percentile of its own one-year range, signaling an unusually high degree of investor anxiety.
What’s Fueling This Two-Sided Uncertainty?
The tension comes from a company fighting a war on two fronts. On one side, Intuit has powerful new growth drivers. Management highlights that its “Assisted tax, money, portfolio, and mid-market” segments are all “growing north of 30%.” The star of this show is TurboTax Live, where the company expects revenue to grow 36% this year. This isn’t a niche product; it now represents over half of all TurboTax revenue, a major strategic shift that is clearly working.
But on the other front, the legacy Do-It-Yourself tax business is struggling. Management admits it is “constructively dissatisfied” with its performance among price-sensitive filers, stating bluntly, “We lost on price.” This weakness is happening as the entire market of IRS filers is expected to decline. Add in a drag from the Mailchimp acquisition, and you have the ingredients for the downside scenario. For what it’s worth, options traders are currently paying more for upside calls than for downside puts, but the sheer size of the potential move in either direction is the real story.
What Can a Shareholder Actually Control?
You can’t control whether the growth engines win or the legacy business falters. What you can control is your exposure to that outcome. A stock with this degree of priced-in volatility, especially after a year in which it has already fallen 63%, demands a disciplined approach to position sizing. The core question for any holder is whether their allocation to this single-stock risk is appropriate for such a wide range of possibilities. While the company has strong underlying businesses, as some analysis suggests, managing risk is paramount.
The key thing to watch is whether management’s plan to “evolve our business model” for those price-sensitive DIY filers gains traction. Success there could calm the market’s nerves. Failure could validate them. For a thoughtful investor, the answer isn’t to predict the winner of that race but to ensure your portfolio is diversified enough to handle the outcome, whichever way it breaks.
That raises the obvious question for your own portfolio: are the other stocks you hold carrying this same kind of priced-in risk, or are they calmer than this one? Our Expected Move rankings show the one-year move the options market is pricing into names across the market, so you can see exactly where your own holdings stand. And if it is exposure to software as a whole you want rather than this one name, a software ETF like IGV covers that single sector. Going broader than any one sector, to a quality-first mix across the whole market, is where the portfolio below comes in.
The Options Market Is Telling You How Hard This Stock Can Swing
Options prices are telling you how hard this stock can move, and the professional response is to check how much of one name you hold before the swings arrive. That check is exactly what the Trefis Wealth team provides, with the same rules-based systematic discipline that runs our High Quality Portfolio. Request a free vulnerability audit of your biggest positions.


Market Movers | Winners: SHOT, SLND, CJMB | Losers: BURU, QMLS, CYCU


27 Large Cap Stocks Hit 52-Week Highs On Friday


Astera Labs Stock Slides 27% Over 6 Straight Down Days


Teradyne Delivers More Growth Per Dollar Than Lam Research. What Is The Premium For?


What You Actually Pay To Join The CSCO Run


Down 7% While the S&P Sank 19%: Inside INCM’s Defense


SMH ETF Is A Sharper Bet Than Its Name Suggests


ROBO’s Dip History Offers A Cautious Green Light


RCL Stock: Collect 13% Now, In Exchange For 19% Of Upside


ExxonMobil Stock Offers a Different Kind of Fuel



						Synopsys Stock: The Price Tag Hides a Patient Investor’s Discount
					



						IGV ETF Is A More Focused Bet Than You Think
					



						What Are You Really Paying For Inside IJH?
					



						MRVL Has Momentum. The Question Is The Price
					



						Own Flex For AI? Its Breakup Changes The Math.
					



						The Real Price of UnitedHealth Stock Is Two Years Away
					



						ORCL Has Left Its Peers Behind. Or Has It?
					



						Is PATH Broken, Or Just Violently Marked Down?
					



						Lockheed Martin Stock Has A Record Backlog, So What’s The Market Worried About?
					



						What Could Push ADSK Stock Higher From Here?
					



						Seagate Technology Stock Climbs 23% On A 5-Day Winning Streak
					



						Western Digital Stock Climbs 20% On A 5-Day Winning Streak
					

©Copyright 2026 Insight Guru Inc. All Rights Reserved.
By using the Site, you agree to be bound by our Terms of
		Use.  Financial market data powered by Quotemedia.com.
		Consensus EPS estimates are from QuoteMedia and are updated every weekday.
		All rights reserved.

		NYSE/AMEX data delayed 20 minutes.  NASDAQ and other
		data delayed 15 minutes unless indicated.
		"
73,2026-07-24,
74,2026-07-24,
75,2026-07-24,
76,2026-07-24,
77,2026-07-24,
78,2026-07-24,"  No fees, cancel anytime 

Log In
or

Sign Up
or


Reset your password
Enter your email address or username and we’ll send you a link to reset your password
Check your inbox
 An email with a link to reset your password was sent to the email address associated with your account 
Provide email
Please enter your email to complete registration

Activate to continue
Your account isn't active yet. We've emailed you an activation link. Please check your inbox and click the link to activate your account


The Bored Panda iOS app is live! Fight boredom with iPhones and iPads here.
 Join 1.2 million Panda readers who get the best art, memes, and fun stories every week! 
P.S. It's 100% free, unsubscribe anytime.
You're on the list! Expect to receive your first email very soon!
 Get our best stories, memes and art every week. Join a thriving community and brighten your day! 
We value your inbox – it's 100% free, and you can unsubscribe anytime with one click.
 Discover trivia, brain teasers, and quirky quizzes — fresh every week! 
We value your inbox – it's free and you can unsubscribe anytime with one click.
  
 26 
15
Link copied!
Share
Link copied!
Share
 Not your original work? Add source 
The guys are not okay. And the Facebook group 'Men are so confused about their current market value' has made it its mission to call out their inflated egos and unrealistic expectations.

""We are a private group focused on feminism generally, and specifically offering women a place to vent about men,"" the admins of the group write, adding that the community is ""unapologetically progressive.""
For this list, we gathered some of the funniest, saddest, and most infuriating posts we found on the group. Hopefully, they'll remind you that if you've ever been taken aback by an ""alpha's"" attitude, it's not just a you problem. They can be so out of touch.
This post may include affiliate links.
       
   Dakota Jones    Report  
100% submission? Why would anyone want that from a wife?
       
   FascinatingFrog1416    Report  
Most of those are red flags for potential wifebeating.
       
   Aimee Garner    Report  
Yes. Why would anyone love their children? It is beyond me.
       
   Dumpster Kittens    Report  
There's even a facebook group dedicated to ""Conservatives getting angry about stuff they made up themselves"". And there's always fresh material.
       
   Niah Ann    Report  
""Why do the women I talk to all say I give them the ick? It is a mystery to me.""
       
   Tiana Tn    Report  
Sorry, but no. The young are honestly too tiresome. I am not a babysitter and I enjoy my peace & quiet.
       
   Dumpster Kittens    Report  
Hard pass, this is not a nice human, let alone a nice guy.
       
   Stefani Van Ryswyk    Report  
Awww.... poor guy thinks he found cheatcodes, is actually torpedoing his own health and wellbeing with quackery older than his entire nation.
       
   Lola Linga    Report  
🤮🤮🤮🤮gross .
       
   Aimee Garner    Report  
Not only does he like children in a disgusting way, he also wants to be treated like a child?
       
   Quinn Cooper    Report  
Im an Apex male. Way above alpha. Hear me moo!
       
   Jamie Billings    Report  
Yikes. Block!
       
   Lauren Celeste    Report  
Mate,just admit that you're gay. It's 2026,no one cares.
       
   Chad Richards    Report  
Not even his mom wants him home
       
   Olivia J. Lockhart    Report  
Well, I guess we know why he's alone.
Never miss a story that brings joy to the world. Follow on Google News
       
   Wanda Nealon    Report  
This is a rather unhinged way to declare you're a virgin, but good on you for embracing it.
       
   Aszódi Júnó Anasztázia    Report  
""I am a pathetic man child who's need for s*x is more important than the needs of my ill girlfriend."" Dude, knock one out next time you are in the shower and look after your girlfriend.
       
   Jessie Gronek-McKinley    Report  
Over 30% of Gen Z BOYS are not going to find a wife - obedient or otherwise
       
   Chad Richards    Report  
Then put your díck in a ziplock bag and leave it in the freezer, MarQueef
       
   Rachel Anne    Report  
Love Jesus and fvck that ""thou shalt not lie"" stuff! And btw, boy, you DO look 60.
       
   Lilith MacArthur    Report  
And nothing of value was lost
       
   BrightRadish4918    Report  
       
   Frannie Owens    Report  
Actually I'm more like my true self on my period... Because I'm too uncomfortable and in pain to keep my filters on!
       
   Quinn Cooper    Report  
I'm cool with locking him in a cell and throwing away the key. So he can just sit out the relationship.
       
   Not13PossumsInATrenchcoat    Report  
Another kid who had his test papers returned face down
       
   Lexi Wetzel    Report  
And I don't want another one!
       
   Molly Elisabeth Ricker    Report  
Not. Lonely. Enough.
       
   Damian James Krom    Report  
Puke. 🤢
       
   Danielle Bethune-Bergeron    Report  
Whoever wrote this, and whoever hurt him, sound perfect for eachother, mostly in that they spare the rest of us their presence in the dating pool
       
   Jonel Wilkerson    Report  
He looks like one of those dudes who record videos in their cars aggressively complaining about Black people in The Odyssey
       
   Sarah Jane    Report  
How do you type with sausages fingers like those? Do you have to use a special keypad?
       
   Nikki Marie Marangon    Report  
He started well until after the colon
       
   Lora Martinez    Report  
So? Guess who hires those pro​stit​utes? Supply and demand...
       
   Liberty Ruskamp    Report  
W*F is that on his chest?
       
   TG Rivette    Report  
🤮
       
   CKN_Elizabeth_nugget_    Report  
To those who wonder: what he mentioned is the ""daddy"" kiㅤnk
       
   Elizabeth Hyde    Report  
So, you were never her friend in the first place.
       
   Tessa Marie    Report  
I miss the good old times when a certain percentage of men were still shyte, but at least knew the minimum about pregnancy and birth.
       
   Mary Switras    Report  
You mean it gives you diarrhea?
       
   anon    Report  
Funny, one of the thing that attracted me too my husband is that we were ( still are)going through the same mental issues, and we help each other through it!
       
   Madie Lynn    Report  
If this is the US, about one third of the grandparents are the ones with the ""ammo"".
Please note that I am pro gun control, and hate the gun obsession so prevalent in certain places in my country.
       
   Meg Land    Report  
Remedial english student, clearly.
       
   Carol Nosworthy    Report  
       
   Marcell Ottó Ormándy    Report  
this guy is a pos, wow, wish I had not looked into him
       
   Onyx Sky    Report  
       
   Lonna Brooks    Report  
Sleezebags like this has ruined that ""sweating hot"" emoji 🤢
       
   SierraFlux_2    Report  
INCEL's BFF
       
   Sarah Rexroad    Report  
Calling you on your BS? No problem, hop over. Say goodbye to that overblown ego, though, you'll be your own pr/ck...
       
   Sharday Blackbear    Report  
So, no muggles?
       
   mindfulbeet    Report  
       
   Pete Okuhira    Report  
Why?
       
   Bethany McCrone    Report  
You seem to think you're in a bigger majority than what you actually are
       
   ✨Overit✨    Report  
       
   CopperDragon3660    Report  
I’m a punk and I sometimes wear leggings. Sometimes I wear them under my trousers because I’m cold. Sometimes I wear a miniskirt. And I’m straight, and I’ve got no problem with that
       
   Elora Vaal    Report  
This one is super, super creepy
       
   Onyx Sky    Report  
And makes you a sammich.
 Follow us on Flipboard.com/@boredpanda! 
  
Add Your Photo To This List
Please use high-res photos without watermarks
Ooops! Your image is too large, maximum file size is 8 MB.
 Not your original work? Add source 

Ooops! Your image is too large, maximum file size is 8 MB.
Error occurred when generating embed. Please check link and try again.
 26 
15
 26 
15
Link copied!
Share
Link copied!
Share
 Writer,  Senior Writer 
 Rokas is a writer at Bored Panda with a BA in Communication. After working for a sculptor, he fell in love with visual storytelling and enjoys covering everything from TV shows (any Sopranos fans out there?) to photography. Throughout his years in Bored Panda, over 300 million people have read the posts he's written, which is probably more than he could count to. 
 Writer,  Senior Writer 
 Rokas is a writer at Bored Panda with a BA in Communication. After working for a sculptor, he fell in love with visual storytelling and enjoys covering everything from TV shows (any Sopranos fans out there?) to photography. Throughout his years in Bored Panda, over 300 million people have read the posts he's written, which is probably more than he could count to. 
 Author,  BoredPanda staff 
 As a Visual Editor at Bored Panda, I indulge in the joy of curating delightful content, from adorable pet photos to hilarious memes, all while nurturing my wanderlust and continuously seeking new adventures and interests—sometimes thrilling, sometimes daunting, but always exciting! 
 Author,  BoredPanda staff 
 As a Visual Editor at Bored Panda, I indulge in the joy of curating delightful content, from adorable pet photos to hilarious memes, all while nurturing my wanderlust and continuously seeking new adventures and interests—sometimes thrilling, sometimes daunting, but always exciting! 
Here's to all the good guys out there. Those who not only aren't like the shytes above, but also actively fight back against them at our side.
I'll second that
Thirded
Thirded
I feel sorry for women. Btw I am looking for a virgin six foot Scandinavian warrior queen, all natural with no body hair, big chest, slim waist, child bearing hips, to submit themselves to my naturally superior alpha male status. Should be able to cook and clean and have a full time job that earns enough to support us both whilst I grow my gaming channel.
I know a troll who appears to want to fill this spot in your life from the amount of time he spends stalking you. ;-)
Upvoting you both to make up for the downvote from the troll who clearly can't bear to hear the truth. 😂
HA!
OMG, I just threw up in my mouth after reading this. OK, a lot.
I couldn't read more than a few of them, before I just gave up reading them. It just sad how disgusting these guys are.
Here's to all the good guys out there. Those who not only aren't like the shytes above, but also actively fight back against them at our side.
I'll second that
Thirded
Thirded
I feel sorry for women. Btw I am looking for a virgin six foot Scandinavian warrior queen, all natural with no body hair, big chest, slim waist, child bearing hips, to submit themselves to my naturally superior alpha male status. Should be able to cook and clean and have a full time job that earns enough to support us both whilst I grow my gaming channel.
I know a troll who appears to want to fill this spot in your life from the amount of time he spends stalking you. ;-)
Upvoting you both to make up for the downvote from the troll who clearly can't bear to hear the truth. 😂
HA!
OMG, I just threw up in my mouth after reading this. OK, a lot.
I couldn't read more than a few of them, before I just gave up reading them. It just sad how disgusting these guys are.

 0comments 30 points 
 0comments 31 points 
 21comments 40 points "
79,2026-07-24,"Login

Vlad 
24 July 2026


Nothing Android Rumors

Last week, OnePlus announced what was rumored for months: its exit from the North American and European markets. Now a new report claims Nothing will follow suit, exiting 12 ""or more"" global markets.
This includes the Middle East, Japan, and ""parts of Europe"". Unfortunately, the report doesn't go into any more detail about specific countries. Nothing is also said to be reducing its workforce by 40%, while its R&D unit is facing layoffs of around 50% in China and 30-40% in London.
Obviously, Nothing is impacted by the rising memory prices, and seems to want to be focusing on its best performing markets like India, where it was the fastest-growing smartphone brand in the second quarter of this year, for example.
That said, growth is relative to the comparison point, and today's report also reveals that the Nothing Phone (4b) has only sold 20,000 units since its launch, while the Nothing Phone (4a) and Nothing Phone (4a) Pro have together reached around 150,000 units. That's not a lot, to put it nicely.
So while Nothing might be a very regular presence in the media with its hype-building campaigns, it's still a very small player in the overall smartphone market, and small companies are disproportionately impacted by the galloping memory prices - especially those that are playing primarily in the mass-market segment where the margins weren't great to begin with.
Nothing Phone (4b)





These are the best offers from our affiliate partners. We may get a commission from qualifying sales.




128GB 8GB RAM£ 299.00€ 329.00256GB 8GB RAM₹ 37,799Show all prices
Nothing Phone (4a)





These are the best offers from our affiliate partners. We may get a commission from qualifying sales.




256GB 8GB RAM£ 399.00€ 389.00256GB 12GB RAM£ 449.00€ 403.00Show all prices

Source
That might be possible. We live near Prague (in Poděbrady) and we travel to Prague a lot. 
I saw one person using it on the subway when I lived in Prague, maybe it was him ! 
Pro doesn't even have to have the most powerful processor, something like a Mediatek 9400 will be enough and the rest just have to be good utilities like fast charging or wireless charging bright screen good microphone and speaker for calls and ...



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2026 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use

"
80,2026-07-24,"Artisan Partners, an investment management company, released its second-quarter 2026 investor letter for its “Artisan Small Cap Fund”. A copy of the letter c..."
81,2026-07-24,"Hyperliquid’s (CRYPTO: $HYPE ) real-world asset markets have overtaken crypto as the exchange’s largest trading category for the first time, pushing tokenized stocks, indexes and commodities to the center of its perpetual futures business.
RWA-linked contracts generated $25.1 billion in volume between July 13 and July 19, representing 52% of Hyperliquid’s $48.2 billion weekly total. The category traded more than every other asset group on the decentralized exchange combined.
ARK Invest digital assets research director Lorenzo Valente said Hyperliquid’s RWA market alone was larger than the combined crypto perpetual volume across every other decentralized exchange. The result follows a rapid rise in HIP-3, the framework that allows outside builders to launch custom markets using Hyperliquid’s trading infrastructure.
Single-stock contracts accounted for 61% of RWA activity, ahead of equity indexes and commodities. Those products provide synthetic exposure to traditional market prices without ownership of the underlying shares, while remaining available through nights and weekends when conventional exchanges are closed.
That wider access has become one of the strongest draws for onchain perpetuals. Traders can respond to earnings, product announcements and macroeconomic news outside regular market hours without contract expiries, though recurring funding payments and thinner off-hours liquidity remain part of the structure.
Hyperliquid generated $7.6 million in revenue during the same week, ranking third among crypto applications behind stablecoin issuers Tether (CRYPTO: $USDT ) and Circle (NYSE: $CRCL ). Circle co-founder and CEO Jeremy Allaire described the growth as a “major structural shift” away from markets centred only on crypto-native assets.
The expansion comes as tokenized RWA ownership continues to broaden. The number of RWA holders rose 32% over the past month to 1.25 million, while the total value of tokenized assets increased 3.5% to $36.7 billion.
RWA perpetuals remain small beside traditional derivatives markets, but controlling more than half of Hyperliquid’s weekly volume gives them a much larger role in the exchange’s next phase.
Hyperliquid (CRYPTO: HYPE) is currently trading at $58.25 U.S. per digital token."
82,2026-07-24,"The fall of Ukraine’s top general, Oleksandr Syrsky, leaves younger officers to finish the reforms that he resisted.
Drone warfare took a while to catch on in Ukraine. Like any revolution, it required a struggle. The opposition came mostly from the older generals trained to fight using artillery and tanks. Early in the war with Russia, many of them saw drones as toys, better suited to taking aerial photos of wedding parties than flying missions over the battlefield. But a coalition of junior officers and tech enthusiasts saw early on that drones could hold the key to Ukraine’s defense, even its victory.
The course of the war has proved the younger generation right. Drones now account for more than 80 percent of all battlefield casualties. They have made tanks and artillery look like lumbering relics in the war zone. Through long-range strikes against Russian oil refineries and other infrastructure, drones have also forced Moscow to play defense. But it took years for the technology to gain broad acceptance.
“We had no financing at first,” Mykhailo Fedorov, the main proponent of drone warfare in Ukraine, told me in an interview last year. The first attack-drone units formed in Ukraine in 2023, about a year into the full-scale war with Russia. “We were going around, asking for money from businesspeople, fundraising on Facebook,” he said.
At the time, Fedorov served as the minister of digital transformation, a position that gave him no power to buy weapons on the state’s behalf. Through persistence, showmanship, and a knack for technocratic knife-fighting, he circumvented the rules of military procurement, turning his ministry into a hub for Ukraine’s nascent drone program. “The revolution happened inside the bureaucracy,” he told me.
So did the counterrevolution. Its leaders sat a couple of miles away, behind the neoclassical facade of the General Staff headquarters. Oleksandr Syrsky, the commander of Ukraine’s armed forces, was chief among them. He trained in the Soviet school of military theory and often clashed with Fedorov over the role that drones should play in the Ukrainian arsenal. Their conflict intensified at the start of this year, when Fedorov took over the Ministry of Defense, a post that finally gave him control over the purchase of weapons.
Read: Ukraine’s Dr. Strangelove
Over the past six months, Fedorov and Syrsky frequently took their complaints about each other to the arbiter in their disagreements, President Volodymyr Zelensky. This month, their constant infighting became too much for the president, and he decided to fire first Fedorov, and then Syrsky. But he did not resolve the questions at the center of their conflict. Should Ukraine, in the middle of a war for its survival, continue to restructure the machinery of its defense in ways that no military power has ever attempted? Or would that strategy end up weakening the forces tasked with holding the line against Russia?
Ukraine’s war effort now faces a leadership vacuum, and neither camp has a clear mandate to complete Ukraine’s history-making experiment in warfare or to reverse it. The drone revolution, having already reached a point of no return, has now lost its greatest advocate in the top ranks of the government. The result could be a level of indecision that the military cannot afford.
On Monday, the day before he was fired, General Syrsky issued a call for the tech accelerationists inside the government to pump the brakes. Drones alone cannot defeat the Russian army, and the culture of Silicon Valley cannot supplant the need for military discipline, Syrsky argued in a column for Militarnyi, a Ukrainian publication focused on defense. “It is an obvious gamble,” he wrote, addressing the push for Ukraine to outsource the work of soldiers to artificially intelligent machines. “Any experiment of this scale is paid for by our lands and our people.”
Some parts of the piece reminded me of an old man shaking his fist at a passing drone, frustrated that the world he knows is moving on. But Syrsky, who is 60 years old, made a lot of cogent points that I have often heard from senior officers. In any war, the top generals need to synchronize the forces under their command to make them function as a single organism, with weapons and tactics that work in concert with one another. The nature of the war in Ukraine has made that challenge particularly daunting.
The front line spans more than 600 miles, and its Ukrainian defenders include a dizzying array of units from various branches of the military. Early in the war, many of them got into the habit of raising money to purchase weapons and gear for themselves. Crowdfunding campaigns on social media brought in enormous sums from around the world, and much of it went toward the purchase of drones on the open market.
Anne Applebaum: The other Ukrainian army
The practice spawned a parallel system of procurement in the military, whereby low-level commanders routinely placed orders from the suppliers of their choice. Fedorov championed this practice. From his post in the ministry of digital transformation, he launched an online bazaar akin to Amazon that sells drones and other high-tech weapons to the military. Soldiers of any rank can scroll through thousands of gadgets on the Brave1 marketplace, including wheeled robots, remote-controlled bomber drones, and microchips to upgrade them with AI-powered targeting and other capabilities.
The market has no precedent in modern warfare. By law, the armed forces of Ukraine, like every major military in the world, centralizes weapons orders via the defense ministry. Fedorov saw that system as far too cumbersome and prone to corruption. It could not deliver weapons fast enough, he argued, and it did not cater to the ever-changing requirements of soldiers at the front. In January, when Zelensky promoted him to defense minister, Fedorov tried to supplant the traditional procurement system with a version of the marketplace.
Syrsky saw that as a threat to his authority, and it’s hard to blame him. When junior officers can decide how to equip their men, keeping everything in sync across the battlefield becomes more difficult. The lower ranks might appreciate the freedom and adaptability of this arrangement, but their commanding officers in Kyiv do not. “The General Staff provides the ministry with a complete list of what is needed for war,” Syrsky wrote in his Militarnyi column, listing artillery, mortars and “dozens of other items.” He added: “Everything must be purchased, not just what is currently in vogue.”
By the time Fedorov lost his job last week, his years of advocacy for high-tech warfare had been vindicated. Ukraine now produces several million drones a year, easing its dependence on foreign military aid. Most of the credit for that belongs to the intricate clockwork of drone factories, start-ups, software developers, training academies, and military innovators that help keep the Ukrainian war machine running. Fedorov, who is 35 years old, has long been the face of this ecosystem and its chief advocate inside the halls of power. It should therefore not have surprised Zelensky that firing Fedorov caused a fierce public backlash. Thousands of demonstrators gathered in Kyiv and other cities across Ukraine to demand his reinstatement. Many of the protesters called for Syrsky to be ousted instead.
The president obliged by firing the general, but he did not bring back the minister of defense. As a consolation, he offered Fedorov a position on the National Security and Defense Council, an advisory body that usually acts as a retirement home for senior officials and military brass. Fedorov declined, in part because the council has no authority to purchase weapons. Nor can it enact the ambitious reforms Fedorov left unfinished.
Read: Building tanks while the Ukrainians master drones
In place of these two seasoned members of Zelensky’s team, the president installed a pair of lesser-known figures. Although both are experienced and well regarded in the military, they lack the institutional chops and perhaps also the inclination to carry on the bureaucratic battles that felled their predecessors.
The most obvious quality they have in common might be their youth. The new acting minister of defense, Yevhenii Khmara, and the new commander of the armed forces, Mykhailo Drapatyi, both belong to the same generation as Fedorov and Zelensky. They never studied in the Soviet academies where Syrsky learned the military doctrines he has relied on throughout this war.
But that does not mean the younger generation has won a mandate to continue Fedorov’s more radical agenda. Zelensky has not granted it. His new appointees will likely face the same resistance from the older cadres in the general staff. Without Fedorov in charge of the ministry of defense, Ukraine’s revolution in warfare will lose its standard-bearer and a lot of its momentum—just when those innovations appeared to be paying off.
TheAtlantic.com © 2026 The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply"
83,2026-07-24,"The programme, recently listed on the Düsseldorf Stock Exchange, supports the expansion of the company's lending and Earned Wage Access platform 
US-based banking infrastructure and embedded finance company, Mbanq, has announced the inaugural institutional investment into its newly launched funding programme from a leading Swiss private bank. According to Mbanq, the investment marks an important milestone in the development of its institutional funding capability and supports the continued expansion of the company’s lending and Earned Wage Access (EWA) platform.Earned Wage Access has become one of Mbanq’s key growth areas. It enables banks, credit unions, fintechs and enterprise organisations to offer employees responsible access to earned wages before payday. As demand for these and other lending solutions continues to grow, the institutional funding programme provides a scalable framework through which Mbanq may access funding to support portfolio growth. 

  “This inaugural institutional investment represents an important milestone for Mbanq. It demonstrates confidence in our long-term strategy and strengthens the financial infrastructure that supports our lending business. As demand for Earned Wage Access and other lending solutions grows, we’re investing in the capabilities that enable our clients to scale with confidence,” said Vlad Lounegov, CEO of Mbanq. The program has an aggregate capacity of up to $100m.


                                The gold standard of business intelligence.
                            

                                    Find out more
                                    





            Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
        


                Find out more
                









  Founded in 2016, Mbanq has operated profitably since 2019. It provides core banking technology, Banking-as-a-Service, Lending-as-a-Service, Compliance-as-a-Service, payments, card issuing and embedded finance infrastructure to banks, credit unions, fintechs and enterprise organisations worldwide.



                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    





            Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
        


                Find out more
                








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 





                                                                                                                                Retail Banker In Brief                                                                                                                         








                                                                                                                        Retail Banker International : Retail Banker International Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        






                                                    I consent to Verdict Media Limited collecting my details provided via this form in accordance with  Privacy Policy


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		The leading site for news and procurement in the Retail Banker International

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026"
84,2026-07-24,"TOPICS
NETWORKS
Proposed cybersecurity legislation may force a cull of high-risk network technology, costing tens of billions
Replacing telecoms kit supplied by so-called high-risk vendors could cost European telcos up to €40 billion ($45.5 billion), with additional impacts on network performance and future investment plans.
This is the warning in a report from GSMA Intelligence, the research arm of the mobile comms industry's global trade body, the GSMA. It refers to plans by the European Commission to address potential threats to EU security posed by IT and telecoms kit from third-country sources.
The proposed Cybersecurity Act 2 (CSA2) regulatory framework includes provisions requiring member states to rip out and replace critical equipment supplied by designated high-risk vendors (HRVs) in their telecoms infrastructure, as reported by The Register earlier this year.
When the Commission says ""high-risk vendors,"" it means China-based suppliers such as Huawei and ZTE, as identified in a speech by former European Commissioner Thierry Breton several years ago.
According to the GSMA, it comes down to the increasing importance of digital infrastructure to economies and life in general, and so the Brussels policymakers are placing a greater emphasis on security and resilience.
However, huge uncertainty remains over the cost of replacing HRV equipment -  hence the mobile trade body's decision to investigate. There's also the challenge of doing it on a large scale within a tight timeframe: mobile operators would have just three years to remove the targeted equipment, while deadlines for other networks and assets could differ.
The GSMA's own figures, based on a survey of seven EU operator groups, produce an estimate of €30 billion to €40 billion. This includes costs for mobile networks, fixed networks, and transport networks, such as optical backbones and subsea cables.
Taking a midpoint estimate of €35 billion, mobile networks would account for €19 billion, fixed infrastructure for €5 billion, and transport elements for €11 billion. 
The report also warns of impacts beyond just the rip-and-replace cost. Banning those high-risk suppliers will restrict competition in the telecoms equipment marketplace, likely resulting in higher costs for operators.
The GSMA says its analysis uses an approach favored by the European Commission itself, which relies on diversion ratios, measuring the proportion of sales lost by one firm that might be captured by another, combined with information on margins.
Cutting to the chase, it believes that equipment prices could rise 24 percent - in part because the market for mobile kit is already highly consolidated, with Huawei accounting for a sizable chunk of it.
Fixed network gear could see increases of up to 19 percent, and GSMA estimates transport network equipment prices may go up by a more modest 10 percent.
Based on anticipated investment between 2027 and 2030, this would result in an incremental cost to network operators of about €8.5 billion ($9.7 billion), according to the report.
Facing these additional costs, network operators will review their investment and market strategies and respond by either increasing access charges for customers or scaling back spending on network upgrades and service improvements – possibly both.
The GSMA warns that the broader economic costs to the European economy would likely be wider than its estimated impact on the telecoms businesses.
""High-quality, affordable network infrastructure serves as a foundational, general-purpose technology that underpins productivity gains, innovation and economic growth. Slower or more expensive 5G/6G deployment will hinder the EU's ability to meet its ambitious Digital Decade 2030 targets,"" it states.
The GSMA references a KPMG study (caveat: produced in collaboration with the China Chamber of Commerce to the EU) that claims these policies could lead to cumulative economic losses of up to €370 billion ($422 billion) across the EU region between now and 2030.
But if you need other evidence, just consider the UK's situation. It forced operators to remove Huawei kit from the country's 5G networks in response to pressure from the first Trump administration, which threatened to cut Britain out of intelligence sharing if it didn't comply. This was despite an investigation finding no technical justification for such a ban.
The result is that the UK's 5G networks are among the worst in Europe when it comes to performance and quality of service. This has been directly linked with the decision to replace Huawei kit, when British operators should instead have been putting cash toward ramping up their 5G rollouts.
To add insult to injury, some telecoms networks in the US itself are still using Huawei equipment, refusing to replace it unless the government coughs up the cash.
And just a few years ago, it was reported that Huawei was the supplier of nearly 60 percent of the installed network kit operating Germany's 5G infrastructure.
Some may argue that it is long overdue for EU member states to bite the bullet and purge their national networks of any potential security threat. But the question is, how much is Europe prepared to pay for it? ®

    And as a bonus, it doesn't require data retention


    (Security) hole-ier than thou


    PARTNER CONTENT: subhead subhead


    Hey Claude, optimize this model for me


    Which way to the Land of the Free again?


    Stop the spread (of online recruiting and propaganda)

AI and ML
And as a bonus, it doesn't require data retention
ai and ml
Hey Claude, optimize this model for me
AI and ML
Can you guess who didn't sign on to the group letter?
SYSTEMS
The enemy of my enemy is my friend
AI and ML
AI no longer welcome in human-focused community
Security
PLUS: US takes down Iranian propaganda sites; Marketing company asks 'Why Do We Have Your Information?' And more!
Security
PLUS: China upgrades smartphone surveillance tools; Ring eases anti-snooping stance; and more
Black Hat and DEF CON
Voting village reports have been so successful, says Jeff Moss, that the whole of DEF CON will now be included
Security
Went at equivalent of $3.5B+ valuation for entire firm, though portion sold not specified
Malware Month
On the plus side, infosec's a good bet for a long, stable career
New 'Simple-taskbar' is an option, but there's a simpler, stabler way
New Debian versions hit FOSSland in the form of 13.6 and 12.15
Flaws in iCagenda, Balbooa Forms extensions can impact open source CMS that powers a million sites worldwide
Joins yserver, Phoenix, and of course XLibre – and outlier Arcan
Next version of Linux Mint’s desktop has both kinds of display server
6.7 is now current, and in 6.8 you're getting Wayland whether you like it or not

Biting the hand that feeds IT

Contact usAdvertise with usWho we areNewsletter


The Next PlatformDevClassBlocks and FilesSituation Publishing


Cookies PolicyPrivacy PolicyTs & CsDo not share my personal informationYour Consent Options


        Copyright. All rights reserved © 1998-2026.
    "
85,2026-07-24,"
Retro cameras aren’t a nostalgia gimmick anymore, they’re outselling plenty of mainstream mirrorless bodies, and the restock waitlists prove it. Buyers want dials they can feel, texture a touchscreen can’t fake, and photos that read like a moment instead of a file. That pull is the same wave we tracked in our vintage Casio watch coverage, where older designs keep beating newer, smarter ones on desire alone.
The trend cuts across every price tier, from a $49 plastic half-frame to a $2,000 full-frame throwback, so this isn’t one narrow niche having a moment. What links them is a shooting feel that phones quietly gave up chasing years ago. These seven are the ones actually moving right now, ranked loosely by how hard they are to keep in stock.
ADD US ON GOOGLE
Here’s the catch nobody posting these cameras wants to admit: the hottest names are often the ones you can’t actually buy. Our own read of Japan’s sales charts found the cheap Kodak PixPro C1 and FZ55 outselling the Fujifilm X100VI and Ricoh GR, not because they shoot better, but because they’re the cameras sitting on the shelf when a shopper wants one today. Waitlists don’t ring the register.
So read this list as two tiers. Buy the in-stock picks now, and set restock alerts for the trophies you’re willing to wait on.
Fujifilm’s X100VI is the reason your feed filled up with grainy, film-look photos again. Its 40.2MP APS-C sensor and fixed 23mm f/2 lens read modest on paper, yet the 20 film simulations do something a phone filter can’t: they bake the color science in at capture, so the look survives the crop and the repost. That gap between spec sheet and street results is why it keeps selling out.
The friction is money and patience. Fujifilm’s US price climbed to $2,110 after recent tariff moves, and stock still evaporates minutes after a restock. Pay list or wait, but skip the marketplace scalpers asking double.

❗Fujifilm X100VI
Price: From $2,110
Where to Buy: Amazon
Want the retro look without the APS-C compromise? The Zf wraps a 24.5MP full-frame sensor and Nikon’s EXPEED 7 processor inside a body that copies the 1980s FM2 almost dial for dial. Flip the dedicated monochrome switch and it commits to black and white in a way that changes how you frame, which most mirrorless bodies never bother to build in.
It opens around $1,749, undercutting most full-frame rivals that wear far duller clothes. The brass-topped heft is the whole sell, so handle one before you commit.

❗Nikon Zf
Price: From $1,749
Where to Buy: Amazon
Street shooters treat the GR III like a secret handshake. A 24.2MP APS-C sensor sits behind a 28mm equivalent f/2.8 lens in a body thin enough to vanish into a front pocket, and it wakes from off to shot in about a second. No zoom, no grip, no fuss, so you shoot on instinct instead of digging through menus.
Supply is the catch. Ricoh can’t keep these on shelves, so street prices swing between $1,295 and $1,500 week to week, and gray-market import listings muddy it further. Grab it the moment a legit seller has stock.

❗Ricoh GR III
Price: $1,245.37
Where to Buy: Amazon
Film cameras were supposed to be dead. The Pentax 17 didn’t get the memo, shooting half-frame 35mm so a single 36-exposure roll stretches to 72 vertical frames shaped like phone photos. You wind every shot by hand and zone-focus by eye, which sounds fussy until the slower pace turns into the reason you bought it.
This is the first fresh Pentax film camera in almost twenty years, it landed in June 2024, and it holds a $496 price that hasn’t needed a discount. Demand alone tells you the film revival has legs.

❗Pentax 17
Price: $496.95
Where to Buy: Amazon
Curious about film but allergic to the cost? The Ektar H35 is the $49 gateway: a palm-sized half-frame body that doubles your shots per roll and tucks a flash up top. RETO builds it under Kodak’s license, so the name carries more weight than the plastic shell suggests.
Colors come out punchy, the half-frame grain reads properly analog, and the whole thing weighs less than your keys. Treat it as a fun second camera, not a Leica killer.

❗Kodak Ektar H35
Price: $49
Where to Buy: Amazon
Screens are the enemy here, and that’s the entire pitch. Camp Snap strips the rear display off an 8MP digital camera so kids and festival-goers stop chasing the perfect preview and rediscover the roll later like a disposable. Camp Snap says it has moved more than 500,000 units, a wild figure for a camera built around doing less.
The Camp Snap 2 opens at $97, packs a handful of built-in filters, and runs roughly 500 shots per charge with no app anywhere in the loop. Buy it for the kid who keeps cracking your phone.

❗Camp Snap 2
Price: $97.77
Where to Buy: Amazon
Instant film survived the smartphone for one reason: you walk away holding something. The Now Generation 3 sharpens that ritual with two-lens autofocus that finally nails faces in decent light, plus self-timer and double-exposure modes for people who like to play. It shoots the same instant film that keeps selling out on us, like the Instax Square SQ1 we watched go out of stock. Polaroid says the shell uses 40% recycled materials, a quiet upgrade buyers won’t see but should like.
At $129.99, it’s the easiest gift on this list, and the fat white borders still read as Polaroid from across a room. Hand someone a fresh print and watch the reaction.

❗Polaroid Now Generation 3
Price: $129.99
Where to Buy: Amazon
Your pick comes down to how much camera you want to carry. Spend big and the X100VI or Zf reward you every day. Want it invisible? The GR III disappears into a pocket, while the film crowd splits between the patient Pentax 17 and the cheap-thrill Kodak H35, and gift-givers can’t go wrong with the Camp Snap 2 or Polaroid Now Gen 3.
The retro wave isn’t about megapixels, it’s about a camera that makes you want to shoot. Spend $49 or $2,000 and the payoff lands the same: fewer photos, more keepers, and a device you’ll actually reach for. That’s the part no phone upgrade can sell you.
Now retrieving an image set.
Now retrieving the rating.
Now retrieving an image set.
Now retrieving the rating.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name*



Email*



Website



Don't subscribe
All new comments
Replies to my comments
 Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.
 


Copyright © 2026 The Gadgeteer | All rights reserved. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited."
86,2026-07-24,"Artisan Partners, an investment management company, released its second-quarter 2026 investor letter for its “Artisan Small Cap Fund”. A copy of the letter c..."
87,2026-07-24,"ClearBridge Investments, a global equity manager, recently published second-quarter 2026 commentary for its “Small Cap Growth Strategy”. A copy of the letter..."
88,2026-07-24,"ClearBridge Investments, a global equity manager, recently published second-quarter 2026 commentary for its “Small Cap Growth Strategy”. A copy of the letter..."
89,2026-07-24,"ClearBridge Investments, a global equity manager, recently published second-quarter 2026 commentary for its “Small Cap Growth Strategy”. A copy of the letter..."
90,2026-07-24,"ClearBridge Investments, a global equity manager, recently published second-quarter 2026 commentary for its “Small Cap Growth Strategy”. A copy of the letter..."
91,2026-07-24,"Investing

							Jamie Dimon's cautious warnings are valid but don't signal an imminent bear market.													

							Alphabet trades at roughly 24x forward P/E with a swelling cloud backlog and an expanding AI stack spanning models, infrastructure, and custom chips.													

							Warren Buffett personally initiated Berkshire Hathaway's Alphabet position, signaling the stock's fundamentals offer a margin of safety despite broader market risks.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Google didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Mark Wilson / Getty Images News via Getty Images
Jamie Dimon, a legend on Wall Street, gave some pretty cautious commentary a few days ago in a sit-down with CNBC, commenting on global and fiscal risks that the market may very well be underestimating. Indeed, given the escalating tensions in the Middle East and the latest ascent in the price of oil, it’s hard to disagree with the JPMorgan (NYSE:JPM | JPM Price Prediction) veteran. But just because he’d not be a personal buyer of U.S. stocks or long-dated Treasury securities in this market doesn’t mean you should hit the sell button.
Are there a lot of risks that could derail this latest market rally? Most definitely. The situation in the Middle East is not going well, to say the least, and the oil markets are responding.
As oil rises and pockets of overvaluation within the AI trade begin to unwind, it certainly feels like the stage is set for the next big market spill. Valuations still seem quite frothy, and the lists of risks outlined by Mr. Dimon, I think, are very much worth careful consideration before making a move.
Moving ahead, it feels like stocks are about to roll over, but for long-term thinkers, I view any indiscriminate slide, like the one we had on Thursday, as more of an opportunity to do some buying if your cash hoard has been building up and you haven’t been tempted by anything in recent months.
At the end of the day, Mr. Dimon tends to sound more cautious than not. After all, he’s the top boss of JPMorgan, and he’s not exactly looking to take big swings or big risks on AI or anything else.
When it comes to market gurus, I take what they have to say with a grain of salt because, at the end of the day, the market will continue to act in unpredictable ways. And while markets are starting to feel a bit of pain amid rising tensions in the Middle East and increased chances of interest rate hikes in the second half, I do think that the AI revolution is the theme that matters most for investors willing to stick around for at least the next few years.
So, in short, Mr. Dimon’s latest comments might be frightening to some retail investors. And while I do think many investors are far too willing to pay a premium price for a wide range of stocks with less consideration for the downside risks, I also view pockets of value out there for investors who are looking for the productivity benefits from the AI revolution to come in steadily over the next three years. At the end of the day, bankers are supposed to think about managing risks.
While Mr. Dimon’s cautious tone is worth keeping in mind, I wouldn’t necessarily look for the start of a bear market. The man didn’t even remark on one coming. At the end of the day, it feels like markets are already in the process of digesting the heightened risks, especially on the geopolitical front.
As oil, fiscal deficits, and rates climb, investors might not like the environment we find ourselves in come the end of the year. Either way, panicking and emotion-driven investing never pays off.
Right now, I think margin of safety isn’t all too hard to find when you look at a name like Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG), which cratered after earnings. The massive cloud backlog wasn’t enough to convince investors to forgive the swelling CapEx.
With shares trading at around 24.0 times forward price-to-earnings (P/E), I think the behemoth AI lab is going for a massive discount, especially as the backlog continues to swell and the firm takes more control over the AI stack, from models to infrastructure and hardware (TPUs and the reported “Frozen v2” chip) to applications (Generative UX looks intriguing).
Perhaps there’s a reason Warren Buffett admitted it was him who initiated the purchase for Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK.B). It is a very Buffett-esque business with a remarkable track record and, odds are, the CapEx won’t be for nothing. While Mr. Dimon might be right about the market risks, I still think there are margins of safety in individual names for those willing to look.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Joey is a 24/7 Wall St. contributor and seasoned investment writer whose work can also be found in publications such as The Motley Fool and TipRanks. Holding a B.A.Sc in Computer Engineering from the University of British Columbia (UBC), Joey has leveraged his technical background to provide insightful stock analyses to readers.
Joey's investment philosophy is heavily influenced by Warren Buffett's value investing principles. As a dedicated Buffett disciple, Joey is committed to unearthing value in the tech sector and beyond.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Whenever the great Jamie Dimon speaks, it can pay dividends to listen up. Of course, investors should do their own…
Lately, we’ve been hearing quite a bit of pessimistic market commentary from some pundits and big names on Wall Street.…
Jamie Dimon has never been shy about playing the designated worrier on Wall Street. From “hurricane” warnings to stagflation concerns,…
It’s pretty hard to know what to believe when it comes to this ongoing AI revolution. The AI bubble calls…
Jamie Dimon, famous financier and chief executive at JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM | JPM Price Prediction), might have taken a moment…
Oracle shares have shed more than half their value while the company doubles down on AI debt and a troubled…
There’s been much discussion about the possibility of an AI bubble of late. Of course, not everybody has the risk…
Maybe the hundreds of billions that some of the big tech titans are investing in CapEx will prove too little.…
JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) posted earnings of $3 Billion in net income with a generation of $0.86 EPS vs $0.92…"
92,2026-07-24,"BySiladitya Ray,
Forbes Staff.
South Korean billionaire and SK Group chair Chey Tae-won was ordered to pay his ex-wife around $645 million, the country’s largest-ever divorce settlement, putting a significant dent in the billionaire’s personal fortune, which has soared this year amid an AI-driven boom in the prices of advanced memory chips sold by his company SK Hynix. 
According to South Korea’s Yonhap News Agency, a Seoul appeals court ruled that Chey must pay his former wife, Roh Soh-yeong, a property division settlement of KRW 944 billion ($645.7 million).
The payout is Korea’s largest-ever divorce settlement but is lower than the KRW 1.38 trillion (around $945 million) that a court had initially granted to Roh in 2024—but later overturned by the country’s Supreme Court.
The court dismissed Chey’s argument that his holdings of SK Inc.’s shares should not be part of the settlement, as he had inherited them, and ruled that Roh was entitled to one-third of the couple’s joint property.
In its ruling, the court said the value of Chey’s stocks soared during their marriage and Roh’s “homemaking and child-rearing responsibilities,” and support for SK Group’s public-facing activities aided this, Nikkei Asia reported.
The chipmaking billionaire’s lawyers told reporters that they are examining whether to appeal the ruling but added Chey was “apologetic” for causing concern over the case.
According to Forbes estimates, Chey Tae-won’s current net worth is $5.3 billion, making him South Korea’s ninth richest person. Chey’s personal fortune had grown significantly in the past year and a half, up from $1 billion at the start of 2025.
SK Inc. shares fell 3.82% on Friday to $431.36 (KRW 630,000) after the court’s ruling. Chey is SK Inc.’s largest shareholder with a 17.9% stake in the holding company. Chipmaker SK Hynix’s Korea-listed shares also slumped on Friday, tanking 8.34% to $1,204.32 (KRW 1,759,000). The memory chipmaker’s Nasdaq-listed shares are down 4.00% in premarket trading.
Since the start of 2026, SK Hynix’s stock price has soared nearly 150%, while SK Inc. has risen around 143%. While Chey doesn’t directly hold SK Hynix shares, 20% of the chipmaker’s stock is held by SK Square—an SK Inc. subsidiary. SK Hynix is one of the world’s big three memory chip makers alongside fellow South Korean conglomerate Samsung and U.S. semiconductor giant Micron. SK Hynix supplies 56% of all the high bandwidth memory (HBM) chips used in the most advanced AI super computers deployed by the likes of Nvidia. 
SK Group chairman ordered to pay 944 bln won in asset division to ex-wife (Yonhap News Agency)"
93,2026-07-24,"Popular gray-market drugs may soon be easy to get through mainstream channels.
BPC-157 is rumored to heal almost anything: a sore shoulder, a bum knee, a pulled hamstring, ulcerative colitis. Maybe even traumatic brain injuries and multiple sclerosis, too. The drug—part of a class called peptides—has been around for decades. But it has recently experienced a surge in popularity, thanks in part to great peptide publicity from influencers, podcasters, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr., the secretary of health and human services. Thousands of Americans are taking it. And almost all of them are sourcing it from sketchy online vendors, many of which are supplied by manufacturers in China.
But BPC-157 may soon become easier to obtain through more reputable channels. An advisory committee to the Food and Drug Administration voted yesterday to recommend that compounding pharmacies be allowed to make the peptide, even though it has little human-safety data and hasn’t passed through the normal FDA drug-approval process. For BPC-157 enthusiasts—and they seem to be legion—it’s welcome news. For telehealth companies, it might mark the beginning of a peptide gold rush.
Before yesterday’s vote, the prospects for BPC-157 appeared bleak. At the meeting of the Pharmacy Compounding Advisory Committee—which last month added eight new members, many with ties to telehealth companies and wellness clinics—FDA researchers argued that the scientific evidence supporting BPC-157 was weak. They insisted there weren’t enough data to be sure that BPC-157 is safe, that it works, or even which sequence of amino acids it necessarily contains. As one FDA official put it: “We don’t actually know with any certainty what it is.”
Read: The peptide boom is getting out of hand
Those doubts didn’t convince the committee, which voted 8–6 to recommend that BPC-157 compounding be allowed. Among those who voted yes was Kris Wusterhausen, a recent addition to the committee who is a doctor and the founder of a Texas wellness clinic that recommends peptides, including BPC-157. “Once you’ve seen the effects of BPC, you can’t unsee it,” Wusterhausen said after his vote. (“All committee members underwent the same ethics review and vetting process required of all FDA advisory committee members,” Emily Hilliard, a spokesperson for the Department of Health and Human Services, told me in an email.) The decision is only a recommendation, and the FDA would still need to sign off on an actual rule change. But ultimate approval seems likely given Kennedy’s demonstrated enthusiasm for peptides. In a conversation with the podcaster Joe Rogan in February, Kennedy called himself a “big fan” and said he was eager to make them more accessible.
Several telehealth companies have said they intend to offer BPC-157 to customers if the FDA follows through on the committee’s recommendation. The telehealth industry, after all, is more or less built on compounding pharmacies; Hims & Hers actually bought its own in 2024. Anant Vinjamoori, the chief medical officer of Hims, told the committee that allowing his company and others to sell the drug is the safer choice. The published human data supporting BPC-157 may not be strong, but, he argued, forbidding American companies from providing it would “move it deeper into a market with no production or sourcing standards, no physician, no monitoring, and no record.” That view was echoed by Jeffrey Egler, the chief medical officer at the telehealth company Noom.
Vinjamoori and Egler do have a point. Many popular peptides are readily available online because they’re marketed for “research use only.” That loophole allows companies to get around the regulations for human use, and customers to avoid a conversation with a health-care provider. The companies making and selling them are generally difficult to track down or not based in the U.S., which means American authorities have little recourse to enforce standards for quality or legality. In some cases, the drugs contain impurities; customers have no way of knowing whether they’re actually receiving the peptide they purchased unless they pay for third-party testing. U.S.-based compounding pharmacies, by contrast, are licensed by state boards of pharmacy. And in order to get BPC-157 from one, patients would need to get a prescription from a doctor.
Then again, allowing American companies to sell BPC-157 for human use could create the impression that the peptide, which hasn’t passed through the rigorous process the FDA uses to approve new drugs, nonetheless has the agency’s blessing. Brian Lee, an associate professor of clinical medicine at the University of Southern California, who serves on the committee, argued as much yesterday. He voted against allowing compounding pharmacies to sell it.
Read: The longevity scam
BPC-157 isn’t the only peptide the committee voted to recommend. TB-500, which is often paired with BPC-157 in a combo known informally as the “Wolverine Stack” (named after the comic-book character who can heal quickly after being injured), also received the go-ahead yesterday. So did the peptides KPV, which is promoted for reducing inflammation, and MOTS-c, which is touted for boosting metabolism and improving endurance. This morning, the committee finally rejected one peptide: Emideltide, which is thought to induce sleep. Two more will be voted on later today.
Each peptide that’s recommended this week represents the possibility of a new profit stream for compounders and telehealth companies. By some estimates, the total market for these seven peptides could be worth billions of dollars. And, if they’re ultimately approved, it will also serve as another example of Kennedy getting his way over the objections of the researchers who work for him.
TheAtlantic.com © 2026 The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply"
94,2026-07-24,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Home > Kitchen & Household > Vacuum Cleaners
Plus, score $30 off both the Baseus open-earbuds and the Bissell carpet cleaner.
Associate Writer
Associate Writer
July 24, 2026, 11:55 am ET
Right now, you can score the DJI Mic Mini for its record-low price. You can get the Baseus Inspire XC1 earbuds for a record-low price as well. Finally, you can grab the Bissell Little Green portable cleaner for $30 off.
I’ve been tracking the prices of a lot of tech gear and home finds on Amazon, and these are the best deals available today. Keep in mind that these offers are available for only a limited time, so act fast to get what you need.

						DJI Mic Mini 					
DJI is most popularly known for its drones. But the company has also made waves in the audio market with its microphone lineup. The DJI Mic Mini is an ultralight wireless lavalier mic. It’s designed to be compatible with iPhones, Androids and cameras. Even though it’s a tiny size, it delivers clear audio along with features such as noise canceling, automatic limiting and up to 400 meters of stable transmission. This mic is perfect for vlogging, streaming and filming wherever you go. The compact receiver and transmitter are easy to set up, so you can focus on your content instead of fiddling with gear.
Normally, this DJI Mic Mini goes for $59, but right now you can pick it up for just $45. That’s 24% off and back to its record-low price.

						Baseus Inspire XC1 open-ear earbuds					
We all know a great pair of earbuds can be a make-or-break. We’re big fans of open-earbuds, especially if you’re being active. The Inspire XC1 earbuds are designed for open-ear comfort, with a lightweight clip-on fit, IP66 water resistance and up to 40 hours of battery life with the charging case. They’re built for staying aware of your surroundings while still delivering clear audio, which makes them a solid pick for running, commuting or long daily use.
These earbuds normally run for $130. But thanks to this $30 discount, you can grab them for a record low $100. 

						Bissell Little Green multi-purpose portable carpet cleaner					
You don’t need to lug around a hulking machine to keep your carpets clean, especially with the Little Green portable carpet cleaner. The machine weighs in at just seven pounds and comes with a sample bottle of liquid soap formula, a self-cleaning hose tool and a four-inch scrubber, sprayer and suction attachment. And as its name suggests, this thing is pretty small, at just over 12 inches tall, 13 inches wide and 10 inches deep. This makes it convenient to store away and break out when you need to clean. 
This carpet cleaner is down to $100 right now. That’s a nice 23% savings from the normal price of $130. 
With so many deals on Amazon, deciding which ones are worth your money can be difficult. CNET combs through what the world’s largest online retailer has to offer each day, gathering the best deals for you to check out.

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
95,2026-07-24,"At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life."
96,2026-07-24,"At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life."
97,2026-07-24,"At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life."
98,2026-07-24,"
Brett McGurk is a CNN global affairs analyst who served in senior national security positions under Presidents George W. Bush, Barack Obama, Donald Trump and Joe Biden.


            Wars often end somewhere different from where they begin.
    

            The current conflict with Iran has been plagued by ill-defined and shifting objectives, from aspirations of regime change to more focused aims of degrading Iran’s nuclear and military capabilities.
    

            Nearly six months in, it has evolved into something else entirely: a struggle over who controls the Strait of Hormuz and, with it, one of the world’s most important arteries for global energy. Iran has demonstrated both the capability and willingness to target commercial shipping passing through the strait unless conducted under rules Tehran prescribes.
    

            The US – and much of the world, including all the Gulf states adjacent to the strait – has rightly deemed that unacceptable.
    

            The strategic objective now is increasingly about one issue. Does the Strait of Hormuz remain an international waterway, or does Iran acquire the ability to determine who passes through it and under what conditions? Ceding control to Iran would hand its regime tens of billions of dollars in transit fees per year, and the ability to meter energy flows to the rest of the world. Iran would effectively control the thermostat for the global economy.
    

            Iran is not physically blocking the strait. It’s firing drones and cruise missiles at civilian ships. That is enough to stop commerce in its tracks, and upend a long-standing assumption: that the Strait of Hormuz would remain an international passageway even during periods of conflict. During the twelve-day war in June 2025, for example, including the US strikes against Iran’s nuclear facilities, Hormuz remained unaffected.
    

            That longstanding assumption has now broken, and it presents a massive challenge to the US and to the world.
    

Tracking traffic in the Strait of Hormuz, in maps and charts


            I served in the White House when the Iranian proxy group the Houthis used Iranian missiles and drones to shut down the Red Sea using the same tactics in the Bab al-Mandeb Strait. The US built a coalition and mounted an air campaign to degrade Houthi capabilities – but we could not stop every launch, or restore confidence to commercial shippers to make the passage. The Houthis only stopped firing after they reached a deal with Washington.
    

            Today, the US will confront the same problem: a time consuming, costly, and extremely difficult mission to deny Iran’s ability to attack with drones and cruise missiles that can be fired from over 1,000 kilometers away. It’s a classic needle-in-a-haystack mission.
    

            Only this problem is far worse. The Bab al-Mandeb accounts for 10% of global shipping. That’s enough to boost inflation a bit. Hormuz accounts for 20% of global energy trade. That’s enough, as President Donald Trump said before announcing a short-lived deal with Iran, to spark an “economic catastrophe.”
    

            Iran’s strategy is to boost the price of energy globally to pressure the White House to cede control of the strait altogether. Its tactics, however, with attacks on civilian ships and across the Gulf, are producing a longer-term reaction that will eventually work against it.
    

            Across the Middle East, governments and energy companies are accelerating pipelines, ports and transportation corridors designed to move oil, gas and goods around Hormuz rather than through it. The US is now directly supporting these initiatives.
    

            The strait will remain important. But for the first time in decades, the region is investing seriously in a future in which it may no longer be indispensable.
    

            The energy map of the Middle East is being redrawn specifically to reduce Iran’s leverage over this chokepoint.
    

            Let’s break it down. Before the war, approximately 23 million barrels of energy products per day passed through the Strait of Hormuz. It was the single chokepoint for exports from Iraq, Kuwait, Qatar and Bahrain, and the main transit route for products from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
    

            Now governments are planning for a future in which Hormuz periodically closes or remains commercially unreliable. This changes the equation. Instead of one indispensable chokepoint, states are investing in a system of multiple export routes that can gradually reduce Iran’s leverage.
    

            These projects will not replace all of the barrels that transited Hormuz before the war, but they will significantly reduce its importance. Goldman Sachs recently estimated that existing or new bypass routes could by the end of 2028 carry about 60% of the oil typically being shipped through the strait.
    

            Consider the following projects getting underway because of the war:
    

            All of that is just the start as these and other projects get underway to bypass Hormuz. Saudi Arabia is also discussing a northern route for shipments to Aqaba or further northward through Turkey to feed into the Mediterranean.
    

            There is important historical precedent. After the collapse of the Soviet Union, the US proposed an ambitious pipeline crossing Azerbaijan, Georgia, and Turkey to the Mediterranean. Known as the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan (BTC) project, it required billions of dollars of investment and years of sustained American diplomacy across administrations. At first, many experts dismissed BTC as too ambitious (it stretches over 1,000 miles), too expensive, and politically impossible. History proved otherwise.
    

            Once completed in 2006, BTC permanently reduced dependence on Russian-controlled export routes, and demonstrated that energy infrastructure can reshape global politics as much as military alliances.
    

            By contrast, Europe made the opposite strategic choice, remaining heavily dependent on Russian energy and pipelines. Moscow later converted that dependence into leverage — a lesson today’s Gulf states appear determined not to repeat when it comes to Iran.
    

            These new networks of partnerships and pipelines will face challenges and setbacks.  Iran might target static pipelines and delay construction.  There may be delays in construction, or bureaucracy, or financing.  But taken together, they reveal a strategic direction that is unlikely to reverse.
    

            The Middle East capitals that once assumed Hormuz would remain reliably open are now planning for the likelihood that it will not. Resilient and redundant export routes have become national security imperatives, backed by leadership and sovereign funds with support and assistance from the US.
    

            Iran’s strategy ultimately depends on the assumption that the world has no practical alternative to the Strait of Hormuz. It may ultimately discover that in weaponizing the passageway, it persuaded its neighbors to build a region that no longer depends on it.
    

            That is an outcome that Washington — and its allies — should actively help to bring about.
    
© 2026 Cable News Network. A Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.
Scan the QR code to download the CNN app on Google Play.
Scan the QR code to download the CNN app from the Apple Store."
99,2026-07-24,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
News > Privacy
The Fair Price Protection Act is intended to stop stores from using personal data to set individualized prices.

July 24, 2026, 6:49 pm ET
A new law set to go into effect next year bars grocery stores in New Jersey from setting prices based on any given shopper’s personal data.
The Fair Price Protection Act seeks to outlaw surveillance pricing that discriminates against individual customers by using personal information like their purchasing history or online activity.
“New Jersey families are already feeling the pressure of higher costs,” Gov. Mikie Sherrill said in a statement. “The last thing they need is companies secretly using their personal data to charge them more than someone else for the exact same product.”
Penalties for retailers could include fines of up to $10,000 for a first offense, $20,000 for subsequent violations and the potential for cease and desist orders and the assessment of punitive damages. 
The law also includes a provision that pauses new electronic shelf labels for a year while the state studies their effect on surveillance pricing.
Two other states, Maryland and Connecticut, have recently enacted laws meant to protect consumer privacy, particularly when it comes to grocery prices. Other states including New York and California are considering similar new laws. Last year, the state of New York set rules requiring businesses to disclose to customers when they are setting prices based on algorithms. 
Some state laws have focused on algorithmic pricing, which could include companies using AI to coordinate on price-fixing, which is the subject of a lawsuit in California over gas prices. That’s closer in line to what people know to be surge pricing, where a company such as Uber might raise prices when roadways are busy and demand is high for its services.
Surveillance pricing, however, typically means that a retailer has personal information from its customers, say through a loyalty or discount shopping program, that it uses to set different prices for different shoppers.
According to the Electronic Privacy Information Center, personal data and market data are being used by retailers to determine the highest price a customer is willing to pay, leading to higher prices.
“This undermines consumer expectations of fairness and can amount to violations of state consumer protection law,” EPIC said on its website. “The price differences may also be discriminatory on the basis of protected characteristics, such as race and gender.”
The Federal Trade Commission has been investigating these types of practices. In a report on surveillance pricing last year, the FTC found that companies may be picking and choosing which customers have access to discounts in order to incentivize infrequent buyers to make purchases.
Separately, Consumer Reports found that AI price experimentation can result in hundreds or thousands of dollars in higher grocery bills for customers using services such as Instacart.
In a statement about the New Jersey law, EPIC applauded the action but pointed to more that needs to be done, including “expanding the law’s scope beyond the grocery store context, narrowing the law’s exemption for loyalty programs, and clarifying some key definitions.”

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
