,date,content
0,2026-07-08,"

      Scott Horsley
    


                Tanker traffic in the Strait of Hormuz remains vulnerable after the U.S. and Iran ended their ceasefire. Oil prices, which had fallen to prewar levels, began climbing again, while stocks fell.
                
                    
                    Michael M. Santiago/Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

Renewed fighting between the U.S. and Iran added yet another dose of uncertainty to the global economy.
Crude oil prices jumped and stock prices fell after President Trump declared an end to the fragile ceasefire in the Strait of Hormuz. The U.S. military attacked dozens of targets along the Iranian coastline overnight, in retaliation for what appeared to be Iranian attacks on vessels trying to transit the strait.
The hostile action threatens to prolong volatility in global markets just weeks after investors had reacted with relief after Trump and Iran had agreed on a ceasefire.
Both the U.S. and international benchmarks for crude oil jumped about 7% on Wednesday, although they still remain well below their springtime peaks. Meanwhile, the Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled more than 800 points, or 1.5%, after hitting a record high just two days earlier.
The resumption of attacks renews the prospect of inflationary pressure after a month of falling gasoline prices. The initial price spike was muted, however, suggesting that markets don't expect a return to full-blown war. Retail gasoline prices in the U.S. rose less than a penny per gallon overnight, according to AAA, though they could climb higher in the coming days as higher crude oil costs are passed along.
Global markets have been volatile ever since the U.S. and Israel first attacked Iran in February — and the jump in bond yields seen overnight signals that investors expect renewed uncertainty.
The ongoing tensions with Iran will also continue to add pressure on the Federal Reserve under its new chairman, Kevin Warsh. 
A market gauge — the CME FedWatch tracking tool — suggests investors now see a better than 1-in-3 chance that the Fed will raise interest rates this month. That's up from about a 1-in-4 chance on Tuesday, before the ceasefire broke down.
The central bank is closely monitoring higher energy prices, which have already pushed inflation well above its 2% target. The Trump administration is also preparing for a new round of global tariffs, which could put more upward pressure on import prices in the second half of the year. 
Even before the latest attacks, the International Monetary Fund had downgraded its forecast for economic growth this year. The IMF expects the global economy to grow 3% in 2026, down from 3.5% last year. 
""The possibility of renewed Middle East conflict looms large and could extend commodity price volatility, further threaten supply chains, raise prices, and weigh on financial conditions,"" the IMF warned in its latest outlook.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
1,2026-07-08,"

      Scott Horsley
    


                Tanker traffic in the Strait of Hormuz remains vulnerable after the U.S. and Iran ended their ceasefire. Oil prices, which had fallen to prewar levels, began climbing again, while stocks fell.
                
                    
                    Michael M. Santiago/Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

Renewed fighting between the U.S. and Iran added yet another dose of uncertainty to the global economy.
Crude oil prices jumped and stock prices fell after President Trump declared an end to the fragile ceasefire in the Strait of Hormuz. The U.S. military attacked dozens of targets along the Iranian coastline overnight, in retaliation for what appeared to be Iranian attacks on vessels trying to transit the strait.
The hostile action threatens to prolong volatility in global markets just weeks after investors had reacted with relief after Trump and Iran had agreed on a ceasefire.
Both the U.S. and international benchmarks for crude oil jumped about 7% on Wednesday, although they still remain well below their springtime peaks. Meanwhile, the Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled more than 800 points, or 1.5%, after hitting a record high just two days earlier.
The resumption of attacks renews the prospect of inflationary pressure after a month of falling gasoline prices. The initial price spike was muted, however, suggesting that markets don't expect a return to full-blown war. Retail gasoline prices in the U.S. rose less than a penny per gallon overnight, according to AAA, though they could climb higher in the coming days as higher crude oil costs are passed along.
Global markets have been volatile ever since the U.S. and Israel first attacked Iran in February — and the jump in bond yields seen overnight signals that investors expect renewed uncertainty.
The ongoing tensions with Iran will also continue to add pressure on the Federal Reserve under its new chairman, Kevin Warsh. 
A market gauge — the CME FedWatch tracking tool — suggests investors now see a better than 1-in-3 chance that the Fed will raise interest rates this month. That's up from about a 1-in-4 chance on Tuesday, before the ceasefire broke down.
The central bank is closely monitoring higher energy prices, which have already pushed inflation well above its 2% target. The Trump administration is also preparing for a new round of global tariffs, which could put more upward pressure on import prices in the second half of the year. 
Even before the latest attacks, the International Monetary Fund had downgraded its forecast for economic growth this year. The IMF expects the global economy to grow 3% in 2026, down from 3.5% last year. 
""The possibility of renewed Middle East conflict looms large and could extend commodity price volatility, further threaten supply chains, raise prices, and weigh on financial conditions,"" the IMF warned in its latest outlook.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
2,2026-07-08,"Citadel Securities says AI is the latest reason not to bet against America.
The firm examined the impact of the AI boom on American businesses and productivity in a note marking the July 4 holiday. It said the new technology is giving the US a key economic edge by boosting lowering barriers for small businesses across different sectors and fueling a new wave of entrepreneurship.
""In effect, AI allows businesses to access scale economics before they have fully scaled, pooling capabilities across functions and lowering the output threshold at which expansion becomes economic,"" wrote macro strategist Frank Flight. ""Never bet against America.""
Economists such as Mohamed El-Erian have stated that American exceptionalism is facing significant challenges as market headwinds shift while others have suggested that the US has already started losing its edge over other leading economies.
But Citadel Securities maintains that on the contrary, AI is already helping the US keep its place as a global economic superpower by giving rise to a booming entrepreneurial economy marked by hustle culture and innovation. As Flight noted, the US' small-business sector generates almost 40% of economic output.
""AI may pay its greatest dividend by compounding America's hustle culture: Lowering the cost of business formation, increasing founder leverage, and turning the country's instinct for innovation into new economic activity,"" Flight added.
Much of the recent discussion of AI has centered around the stock market and the staggering buildout of infrastructure like data centers. But Flight added that it may be time for a new conversation.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
""Thus far, the AI theme has been framed around frontier labs, hyperscalers, and bottlenecks in compute,"" he said. ""We think an equally powerful focus is what AI does for the builders, founders, and small businesses that drive such a large share of the economy.""
Small businesses have historically struggled with limited staffing and resources, particularly outside of major metro areas. Now, as Flight notes, AI is enabling business owners to access economies of scale and expand in ways that allow them to compete with larger peers.
He acknowledged this may mean AI automating away certain tasks. But while that may result in job loss, Flight added that it is also likely to create new business opportunities that ultimately create more jobs as businesses grow and explore new areas.
To illustrate this, he cited the example of Jevons Paradox, an economic principle that maintains that an innovative new technology creates more efficiency, it ultimately leads to more jobs being created. Apollo chief economist Torsten Sløk recently made the same argument, predicting that AI would lead to a labor-market boom, rather than a jobs wipeout many have feared. 



Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
3,2026-07-08,"Buying a home doesn't make sense for everyone, but in several highly sought-after markets, it might be harder to rent.
Regions like the Sun Belt have experienced a construction boom, and, in turn, a drop in prices due to more inventory — but for coastal cities, that hasn't quite been the case.
""The US built more new units in 2024 than any year in the past half-century, but that boom largely bypassed the Northeast and coastal California, which is exactly why rental competition there is so intense,"" Zillow senior economist Kara Ng said.
Zillow ranked the hottest rental markets heading into the summer by looking at metros where rents increased quickly, vacancies dropped, and rental concessions — like waived fees or a month free off the rent — were rarely offered.
It shouldn't come as a surprise that big cities like New York and San Francisco are regularly the busiest rental markets in the country; vacancies are low, and rents are climbing. However, Zillow found that one Northeastern city with a population that's roughly 2% of New York City's took the cake for hottest market: Providence, Rhode Island.
""In Zillow's hottest rental markets, the math is simple: More people want to live there than there are homes to rent — whether for access to amenities, strong job markets or family ties, renters are competing over a limited supply,"" Ng said.
Providence, Rhode Island, a city with a population of about 195,000, is small, and its size plays a factor in its ranking. It's recently been labeled an unaffordable place to buy a home, mainly due to its lack of housing inventory, which, in turn, can drive up rental prices. Providence also has the lowest share of concessions in the top 10.
Read below to see the top 10 hottest markets for renters, according to Zillow.
Annual rent growth: 4.1%
Share of concessions: 40.3%
Vacancy rate forecast: 4.9%
Annual rent growth: 4.8%
Share of concessions: 28.8%
Vacancy rate forecast: 4.1%
Annual rent growth: 4.1%
Share of concessions: 27.5%
Vacancy rate forecast: 3.8%
Annual rent growth: 2.5%
Share of concessions: 29.7%
Vacancy rate forecast: 6.3%
Annual rent growth: 5.7%
Share of concessions: 22.4%
Vacancy rate forecast: 5.3%
Annual rent growth: 2.4%
Share of concessions: 29.4%
Vacancy rate forecast: 4.5%
Annual rent growth: 3.9%
Share of concessions: 22.3%
Vacancy rate forecast: 4.3%
Annual rent growth: 5.4%
Share of concessions: 33.2%
Vacancy rate forecast: 4.3%
Annual rent growth: 4.5%
Share of concessions: 17.8%
Vacancy rate forecast: 4.3%
Annual rent growth: 5%
Share of concessions: 12.9%
Vacancy rate forecast: 5.1%
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
4,2026-07-08,"""It will be amazing, by the way, if it doesn’t collapse,"" Grantham said."
5,2026-07-08,
6,2026-07-08,"This week, Microsoft took a huge ax to its Xbox business. The company announced that it would be laying off 1,600 workers now, 1,600 more over the next fiscal year, and that it would be shedding four studios. Xbox CEO Asha Sharma hasn't been shy about why she…"
7,2026-07-08,"All eyes are on Maine this week. Political operatives in Trumpworld tell Inner Loop they hope embattled senate candidate Graham Platner will stay in the race as long as possible—the state’s electoral chaos can only help Republicans, they claim.
Platner, a US Marine veteran, overcame a string of controversies to easily win the Democratic primary last month. Platner is supposed to face incumbent Republican Susan Collins in the general election in one of the nation’s most closely watched races in November, but a litany of Democratic officials are now calling for him to drop out.
On Monday, a woman in Maine accused Platner of sexual assault and told Politico that he had once forced her to have sex over her objections. (Platner’s campaign did not respond to a request for comment, though it previously denied the allegation in a statement to Politico.)
Platner had previously been accused of mistreating women, had covered up a Nazi tattoo, and was linked to multiple offensive online comments. Over the past 24 hours, Democrats from Senator Bernie Sanders to Senator Chuck Schumer have called for him to step out of the race.
Trumpworld operatives say their hope—unsurprisingly—is that Platner stays in the race, given his increasingly toxic political brand, his growing horde of political enemies in his own party, and the knock-on effects on his fundraising operation.
Basically, it’s a dumpster fire, and Republicans are all but making s’mores.
“Platner should stay in and fight the liberal lobbyist establishment!” one strategist jokingly told Inner Loop. Like others interviewed for this story, they spoke candidly on the condition of anonymity.
Funding is also going to be a problem, operatives noted with glee. The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, or DSCC, has announced that it will not bankroll Platner’s campaign, should he stay in the race.
The operatives are thrilled by this: As a result, Platner would have to rely on small-dollar donors. Despite his fervent fan base, these donations would almost certainly not cover the tens of millions of dollars that both sides are expecting to have to pour into TV ads closer to the midterms. (The Boston-area media market is among the top 10 most expensive in the country, and Mainers do watch TV.)
But Trump operatives also think even if Platner does step aside, the Senate race in Maine firmly tilts in Collins’ favor.
Democrats have until July 13 for Platner to drop out, and a July 27 deadline for a special election to replace Platner’s name on the ballot. Democratic operatives in the state tell Inner Loop this could happen the weekend of July 25, but Trumpworld doesn’t think the alternative candidates would pose a major challenge.
Janet Mills, the governor of Maine who dropped out of the Democratic Senate primary, is seen as one option. But Mills has a similar profile to Collins, who the operatives still think would edge out a victory, especially given her performance bucking Joe Biden in 2020.
Another option is Troy Jackson, a former Maine state senator. But another longtime GOP strategist was skeptical whether voters would look past the baggage accompanying any Democratic candidate following the Platner saga.
“At the end of the day, Democrats have to run a perfect race to beat Collins, which they have not done. She’s still the least offensive candidate of the Senate Republican conference, and so the strongest candidate we could have in the race,” one longtime GOP strategist says.
Still, Trumpworld and the Republicans’ Senate campaign arm expect a bruising fight in the Maine Senate race that could cost them hundreds of millions of dollars. And while they believe Collins can win, it could end up being tight. Get the graham crackers.
This is an edition of Hugo Lowell’s Inner Loop newsletter. Read previous newsletters here.
In your inbox: Brian Kahn’s guide to how the universe works
Leak exposes members of Peter Thiel’s secretive ‘Dialog’ society
Big Story: How Hunter Biden won the internet
Tesla batteries keep getting stolen before they even leave the factory
Special edition: The future of home
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2026 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
8,2026-07-08,"New data from IDC shows that Apple was the only major PC vendor to post significant shipment growth in Q2 2026, with the broader market declining for the first time in more than two years. Here are the details.
In a report published today, IDC says global PC shipments fell 4.9% year over year in Q2 2026, dropping to 68.2 million units from 71.7 million units in Q2 2025.
The data showed that the top-five vendor ranking was unchanged from Q2 2025, even as most major PC makers posted year-over-year declines.
In practice, Lenovo held on to the top spot with 24.4% market share, despite a 2.1% year-over-year decline in shipments. HP followed with a 19.1% share and a 9% drop, while Dell remained in third place with a 13.6% share and a 5% decline.
Apple, meanwhile, saw Mac shipments jump 10.1% year over year, giving the company 9.9% share, and ASUS rounded out the top five with 7.4% share and a slight 0.2% increase.
From the report:
“Apple’s share gain coincided with its latest product launch, the MacBook Neo, and while the company did raise prices in line with the broader market, it still remains well positioned against rivals facing the same cost pressures.”
Unsurprisingly, IDC says the market-wide drop was driven largely by the ongoing memory supply crunch and resulting price increases, though it added that “geopolitical issues” also played a role.
Here’s Jitesh Ubrani, research director for consumer devices at IDC:
“The real story here is the disconnect between units and dollars: shipments are falling, but revenue is climbing because vendors are pushing through price increases faster than demand is dropping. […] Given worsening macro conditions and a memory shortage that isn’t expected to ease until early 2028, we don’t expect another round of inventory pull-forward, which points to a sharp slowdown in growth rates in the second half of 2026. Vendors are bracing for further price hikes into 2027, and channels are already flagging concern about elevated inventory at these higher price points.”
IDC also warned that sustained price pressure could start weighing on PC upgrade cycles, “even as interest in on-device AI processing continues to grow.” The firm also pointed to another risk: the biggest PC makers gaining even more share as smaller rivals struggle with the memory crunch.
As IDC’s chart shows, Q2 2026 marked the first year-over-year decline in PC shipments since 2024, though shipments were still slightly above Q2 2024 levels in raw units. Whether they will remain above that level in the coming quarters remains to be seen, although IDC’s outlook doesn’t give much reason for optimism for the near-term.
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Marcus Mendes is a Brazilian tech podcaster and journalist who has been closely following Apple since the mid-2000s.
He began covering Apple news in Brazilian media in 2012 and later broadened his focus to the wider tech industry, hosting a daily podcast for seven years."
9,2026-07-08,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Fiat just launched a 1,000-pound electric car with no air conditioning, a top speed of 25 mph and ropes instead of doors. 
Copied to clipboard
Fiat knows its lane. “We don’t do big cars, we don’t do expensive cars, we don’t do luxury cars,” Fiat CEO Olivier Francois told the Wall Street Journal. “We do small.” True to its mantra, the Italian automaker just launched the Topolino in the U.S. market for a whopping $13,995.
The EV weighs about 1,000 pounds, tops out at 25 mph, has no air conditioning and offers an option to replace doors with ropes. Oh, and it can travel up to 46 miles on a full charge.
Like Slate Auto, a Jeff Bezos-backed startup launching a $25,000 EV pickup with hand-crank windows later this year, Fiat is betting Americans want their vehicles simpler and cheaper.  But Fiat is going even further, positioning the Topolino not as a car replacement but as an alternative to the upscale golf carts already popular in beach towns, resorts and gated communities.
Fiat knows its lane. “We don’t do big cars, we don’t do expensive cars, we don’t do luxury cars,” Fiat CEO Olivier Francois told the Wall Street Journal. “We do small.” True to its mantra, the Italian automaker just launched the Topolino in the U.S. market for a whopping $13,995.
The EV weighs about 1,000 pounds, tops out at 25 mph, has no air conditioning and offers an option to replace doors with ropes. Oh, and it can travel up to 46 miles on a full charge.
Like Slate Auto, a Jeff Bezos-backed startup launching a $25,000 EV pickup with hand-crank windows later this year, Fiat is betting Americans want their vehicles simpler and cheaper.  But Fiat is going even further, positioning the Topolino not as a car replacement but as an alternative to the upscale golf carts already popular in beach towns, resorts and gated communities.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
10,2026-07-08,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Here’s why understanding the nuances of the value chain is one of the most underappreciated entrepreneurial skills.
Copied to clipboard

		Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.	
For entrepreneurs, it is of utmost importance to understand the nuances of the value chain. The value chain is often discussed in business literature as a sequence of activities through which value is created and delivered. While useful, such descriptions frequently fail to capture a more important aspect: the composition of value itself.
I intentionally use the word composition. Any product, whether a good or a service, whether a solution to a recognized problem or a lever through which new demand is created in the market, should be viewed as a composition of constituent parts that add value to one another in order to satisfy a defined set of requirements.
This way of viewing products and services changes the entrepreneur’s perspective. Instead of seeing a finished product as a singular entity, one begins to see the interactions between the elements that make its existence possible. Technology, expertise, processes, infrastructure, distribution channels, customer experience and aftermarket support cease to be separate considerations. They become components of a larger composition.
I refer to this perspective as the art of the value chain. The entrepreneurial significance of this art lies in the fact that opportunities rarely exist in isolation. They are embedded within compositions of value. A market offering that appears to be a single product is, in reality, the outcome of multiple contributors whose collective interaction enables the final value perceived by the customer.
The whole pathway, from the processes appertaining to the definition of requirements, through development and delivery, to customer utilization and the related aftermarket processes, constitutes a single composition. It is a masterpiece whose value does not reside exclusively in any one of its parts but in the harmony established between them.
This is where entrepreneurial judgment becomes important. What distinguishes an entrepreneur is not merely the ability to identify a market opportunity. Many people can identify opportunities. What distinguishes an entrepreneur is an understanding of the nuance of the composition itself and the ability to determine where within that composition they can position themselves in a manner that both preserves harmony and adds value to the surrounding parts.
Such opportunities do not necessarily require the invention of entirely new products. In fact, many successful ventures emerge from the reconfiguration of existing compositions of value rather than from the creation of entirely new ones. The entrepreneur recognizes that value can be enhanced through a different arrangement of existing elements, through the strengthening of weak links or through the introduction of a capability that improves the performance of adjacent components.
The frequently cited examples of Airbnb and Netflix illustrate this principle. Their significance lies not merely in their products but in their understanding of existing value compositions and their ability to reorganize them in ways that created greater utility for all participants involved.
However, these examples can also create a misconception. They may lead aspiring entrepreneurs to believe that entrepreneurial success requires building a complete end-user offering. Such a conclusion overlooks a vast range of opportunities that exist within established value chains.
Entrepreneurs do not necessarily need to own the entire composition.
A common mistake is to evaluate opportunities exclusively through the lens of market visibility. Entrepreneurs are often drawn toward the components of a value chain that are most visible to the end customer, assuming that visibility is synonymous with value creation. 
The nuance of the value chain reveals a different reality. Some of the most valuable positions within a composition are almost invisible to the market itself. Their importance stems not from direct customer recognition but from the degree to which other parts of the composition depend upon them. 
The entrepreneur who understands this distinction develops the ability to assess opportunities according to their structural significance within the composition rather than their public visibility. In many cases, the most advantageous position is not at the point where value is consumed, but at the point where value is enabled.
An entrepreneur may recognize an opportunity within an existing value chain where they possess the capability, knowledge or technology required to strengthen the overall composition. Their contribution may represent only a portion of the final value delivered to the customer, yet it can remain highly valuable precisely because it improves the effectiveness of the broader system.
This phenomenon can be observed across numerous industries. FinTech provides a useful example. Many successful FinTech businesses do not replace financial services. Rather, they add value to the composition of financial services. Through software, analytics, automation, compliance solutions or digital infrastructure, they enhance existing processes and enable financial institutions to perform more effectively.
The same principle extends beyond financial services. A business may integrate existing technologies into a unified solution that creates value neither technology could generate independently. Another may help organizations understand the capabilities of available technologies and identify practical ways to utilize them in order to improve operational performance. In such cases, the entrepreneurial contribution resides in strengthening the composition rather than replacing it.
As technologies continue to advance, opportunities of this nature become increasingly abundant. The modern economy contains an expanding inventory of capabilities, tools, platforms and technologies. Yet the existence of capability does not automatically result in value creation. Value emerges when capabilities are positioned appropriately within a composition and connected to genuine requirements.
This is precisely where entrepreneurial vision becomes important. The entrepreneur sees not merely products, but compositions. Not merely transactions, but interactions. Not merely markets, but systems of value creation.
The ability to understand these systems, their constituent parts, their dependencies and the manner in which value flows between them is one of the most underappreciated entrepreneurial skills.
Those who master this art discover that innovation is not always the creation of something new. Frequently, it is the discovery of a better composition. And in many cases, the entrepreneur who understands the composition of value possesses a greater advantage than the entrepreneur who focuses exclusively on the product itself.
For entrepreneurs, it is of utmost importance to understand the nuances of the value chain. The value chain is often discussed in business literature as a sequence of activities through which value is created and delivered. While useful, such descriptions frequently fail to capture a more important aspect: the composition of value itself.
I intentionally use the word composition. Any product, whether a good or a service, whether a solution to a recognized problem or a lever through which new demand is created in the market, should be viewed as a composition of constituent parts that add value to one another in order to satisfy a defined set of requirements.
This way of viewing products and services changes the entrepreneur’s perspective. Instead of seeing a finished product as a singular entity, one begins to see the interactions between the elements that make its existence possible. Technology, expertise, processes, infrastructure, distribution channels, customer experience and aftermarket support cease to be separate considerations. They become components of a larger composition.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
11,2026-07-08,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Japanese Cherry Blossom made $1.5 billion over 20 years. Now the company’s chief “nose” is racing to find the next hit fragrance. 
Copied to clipboard
Mary Testa-Gough is the chief “nose” for Bath & Body Works. Her job is to sniff out the company’s next blockbuster scent, according to the New York Times. It’s a tall order. The retailer’s signature fragrance, Japanese Cherry Blossom, has generated more than $1.5 billion in sales over 20 years, but sales companywide have slipped from $7.8 billion to $7.3 billion.
Finding the next Japanese Cherry Blossom isn’t just a creative challenge — it’s a business necessity. But there is no proven formula. Nobody knows exactly why some scents fly off the shelves while others end up in the discount bin. Japanese Cherry Blossom smelled too sophisticated in focus groups until master perfumer Harry Fremont added apple and pear, and it became the company’s best-selling fragrance of all time.
To improve its odds, Bath & Body Works built Beauty Park — a cluster of 50 key suppliers within half a mile of its Ohio headquarters. The setup cut time-to-market from months to weeks. When a scent catches fire, they can restock before the moment passes. Testa-Gough is currently betting on Watermelon Whirl and Tangerine Twirl.
Mary Testa-Gough is the chief “nose” for Bath & Body Works. Her job is to sniff out the company’s next blockbuster scent, according to the New York Times. It’s a tall order. The retailer’s signature fragrance, Japanese Cherry Blossom, has generated more than $1.5 billion in sales over 20 years, but sales companywide have slipped from $7.8 billion to $7.3 billion.
Finding the next Japanese Cherry Blossom isn’t just a creative challenge — it’s a business necessity. But there is no proven formula. Nobody knows exactly why some scents fly off the shelves while others end up in the discount bin. Japanese Cherry Blossom smelled too sophisticated in focus groups until master perfumer Harry Fremont added apple and pear, and it became the company’s best-selling fragrance of all time.
To improve its odds, Bath & Body Works built Beauty Park — a cluster of 50 key suppliers within half a mile of its Ohio headquarters. The setup cut time-to-market from months to weeks. When a scent catches fire, they can restock before the moment passes. Testa-Gough is currently betting on Watermelon Whirl and Tangerine Twirl.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
12,2026-07-08,"Iced tea tends to be my go-to drink. You'll almost always find a pitcher of fresh-brewed tea in my refrigerator, typically unsweetened. And, if you were to go out to a restaurant with me, you'd likely hear me order an iced tea — sometimes sweet, sometimes unsweet. Even with fresh-brewed iced tea at home, there are still times when you might find it more convenient to pick up a few bottles of iced tea, such as for a summer cookout, when you're running errands, or when you're making a quick stop during a road trip.
For times such as these, Pure Leaf is one of the popular tea brands to consider grabbing. However, with a lot of different flavor options, you might have a hard time deciding which flavors are really worth buying. I had the same dilemma, so I decided to taste all the varieties of Pure Leaf's Iced Tea I could get my hands on and rank them in order from the worst to the best. This ranking is based on how each variety tastes, including whether there was any aftertaste (pleasant or otherwise). Additionally, since iced tea is something many of us reach for on a hot summer's day, I also considered whether each flavor was a refreshing thirst quencher, or whether it left me seeking something else to feel satisfied. I'll share a more in-depth explanation of the methodology I used to rank these Pure Leaf flavors at the end of this article.
Some recommendations are based on firsthand impressions of promotional materials and products provided by the manufacturer.
I like sweet tea and initially thought that this Extra Sweet Black Tea could become my new go-to when looking to satisfy my sweet tooth. However, after the first sip, I knew I wouldn't be seeking this one out again. Sadly, it was way too sweet for my liking. It had a very strong, syrupy flavor that was so overpowering that I could barely detect the flavor of the tea itself. I also noticed a distinct difference when pouring the tea. It just looked thicker and a lot darker than the other teas, reaffirming the presence of a viscous syrup somewhere in the mix.
One reason I often pick iced tea over other beverages is because of how much of a thirst quencher it can be. However, if I was at a friend's house and they brewed this, I would doubt that they really knew how to make refreshing homemade iced tea. It didn't do anything to quench my thirst. In fact, it left a film towards the back of my mouth, making me feel like I needed to drink something else to rinse it away.
If the strong, unpleasant flavor — and how it lingered — weren't enough, I was also disappointed when I looked at the calories in the 18.5-ounce bottle. While I was expecting a higher calorie count due to the obvious amount of sugary syrup, I was still surprised to find that there are 240 calories in the bottle — a full 80 calories more than Pure Leaf's standard Sweet Black Tea. It also has a whopping 64 grams of sugar.
I was a bit surprised when I opened this bottle and took a whiff. It didn't have a very strong lemon scent, which left me hopeful that it also wouldn't have too strong of a lemon flavor for my liking. However, once I took a sip, I was positive I wouldn't be placing it anywhere near the top of this ranking. Despite the mild scent, I definitely tasted the lemon right away. Without any added sweetener, though, it was very bitter. If anything, I felt thirstier before drinking it than after — and taking a few additional sips didn't seem to help.
However, while this isn't my cup (or bottle) of tea, it might be yours. If you're used to drinking unsweetened tea and squeezing a fresh lemon into it to sweeten it, you might decide that this is a good pick. It could also be a good choice for those looking for something other than plain, unsweetened tea and who can't have (or don't want) any added sugar or artificial sweeteners in their tea. With 0 calories, it is definitely a healthier option than Pure Leaf's sweetened lemon tea. That one has 150 calories.
As you might have guessed from the above entry, I don't typically like lemon in my tea, so I didn't have the highest hopes for this flavor. And, after a few sips, it lived up to my expectations — or lack thereof. In my opinion, the lemon flavor is too strong. It really overpowers the beverage and could make you question whether there is even any tea mixed in. Beyond the strength of the lemon flavor, it also has more of an artificial taste to it. While I wouldn't purposefully choose to squeeze a fresh lemon into a glass of iced tea, I'd much prefer that taste to this bottle from Pure Leaf. The strength of the lemon was immediately evident from the moment I opened the bottle.
While this flavor isn't one I'm likely to pick up again, if you are someone who enjoys adding lemon to your tea, you might have a different opinion. With the strength of the lemon, it might even be a good pick for those who like Arnold Palmers, the classic combination of equal amounts of iced tea and lemonade.
Pure Leaf launched its first ever sugar-free sweet tea in 2024. After tasting the Zero Sugar Sweet Black Tea, I have some mixed feelings about it. First, I see its appeal, especially for those who prefer a sweet tea but can't (or don't want to) drink something with many calories or a high sugar content. One positive thing about this tea — especially when compared to the Extra Sweet and Lemon varieties above — is the smell you first notice when you open the bottle. While both those lower-ranked teas had a very overpowering sugary or lemony scent, this one actually smells like fresh-brewed iced tea. You can also clearly taste that fresh-brewed tea flavor with each sip.
However, while I was hopeful that it would be less obvious that it wasn't made with real sugar, that simply wasn't the case. You can very clearly tell that it has an artificial sweetener (two, to be precise — sucralose and acesulfame potassium). And, unfortunately, these give it a relatively unpleasant aftertaste. While the aftertaste did seem to fade after the first sip, it was still there, so I was unable to place this flavor any higher in the rankings. However, as I mentioned, anyone with diabetes or other health concerns that require them to limit their sugar intake may find it to be a suitable substitute (they may also be more accustomed to the artificial sugar taste).
While I sometimes go for sweet tea when eating in a restaurant or grabbing a cold drink at a drive-thru, I also enjoy plain iced tea, especially at home. So, I was hopeful that this Unsweet Darjeeling Black Tea would be a winner. However, after tasting it, I'm not planning to keep any stocked in my fridge. The flavor was a bit weak for my liking. When pouring it, I also got a hint that it might not be that strong. While it looks slightly orange in the bottle, it's more translucent than you might think as you pour it.
Beyond being on the weaker side, I wasn't in love with the flavor. It was too bitter for my liking. Plus, that bitter flavor seems to really stick around, and not in a good way. It sadly reminds me of some of the worst fast food iced teas that I've been unfortunate enough to pick up — just overall unsatisfying. I think this could be better if you were able to add something to cancel out the bitterness, such as some honey or sugar. However, adding sweetener to an already cold iced tea is not as easy or as effective as mixing it in during the brewing process.
When looking at all of the bottles of iced tea, the Sweet Hibiscus Herbal Tea really stands out for its gorgeous, deep red color. Hibiscus is, after all, a flower, and many varieties share this stunning red color. However, my affinity for this tea ended with its appearance. Its flavor is too floral for my taste. As my husband said when tasting it with me, ""It's like it wants to be raspberry tea, but it isn't."" I just wasn't a huge fan.
However, not everything about this ""artisan inspired"" tea was bad. Unlike some of the other sweet flavors, this one wasn't overpowering — it had just a hint of sweetness. For those who do like hibiscus tea and aren't as put off by its floral taste, it may be a good choice. The subtle sweet flavor also means that there are fewer calories and sugar in this option. It has only 60 calories and 16 grams of sugar per serving, which is the lowest of any of the sweetened options (aside from the Zero Sugar Sweet Black Tea).
This is another Pure Leaf flavor that I have some mixed feelings about. We'll start with the positives: Compared to the other unsweet option (the Unsweet Darjeeling Black Tea), this is the superior choice. This one doesn't have that long-lingering aftertaste that I noted with the Darjeeling. It also doesn't have an artificial aftertaste, like I noted with the Lemon or Zero Sugar Sweet varieties. Even if you typically go for sweet teas, sometimes you're looking for something that has a lower sugar content or that is a better pick to quench your thirst, and this tea would satisfy both of those criteria.
However, there's a reason why it ranks towards the middle of the list instead of the top. It's missing some of that classic tea flavor and seems a bit watery. Somehow, it tastes both over-brewed and slightly weak. You might want to consider enhancing its flavor with some ingredients you could add to elevate a homemade iced tea, such as a hint of juice, some fresh herbs, or even some condensed milk to turn it into a close substitute for a Thai iced tea.
At first glance, Pure Leaf's Unsweetened Green Tea looks like it might be a bit weak. The color is a very light and translucent green, giving the appearance that it won't be very flavorful. However, once you take a taste, you'll definitely pick up those classic, slightly grassy, green tea notes. It is a bit too bitter without any added sweeteners, in my opinion. However, I rarely choose green tea over other varieties or flavors when given the option. After taking a sip, both my husband and I noticed a slightly peachy aftertaste.
While green tea is not my favorite, my husband does often choose it when available. He liked this flavor more than I did, saying that it is very refreshing and might be a good beverage to sip on a hot day. Since he's experimented with many more green teas than I have, he was also better able to put the bitterness into perspective. He's tasted several Japanese green teas, which he says are a lot more bitter than this option. For those looking for a low-calorie tea that is also free of artificial sweeteners, this could also be a solid pick. It has 0 calories per serving, which is notably lower than the 70 calories per serving of Pure Leaf's Sweet Jasmine Green Tea.
I was excited to try the Pure Leaf Blackberry Tea. I often enjoy other fruity teas (including Pure Leaf's Raspberry Black Tea). With the added fruit flavor and hints of sweetness, they can be quite refreshing. I've tried a few blackberry teas in the past that have had a delectable flavor with just the right amount of sweetness. However, while this ranks far above some of the ""worst"" flavors, I also wouldn't characterize it as one of the best. It does have a nice blackberry aroma, which you'll detect immediately upon removing the lid.
There are some serious downsides to this option, in my opinion. Like Pure Leaf's Extra Sweet Tea, it has a thicker, almost syrupy consistency. It also has a pretty bitter aftertaste. While the bitterness is much more palatable than in some other flavors, it was a bit too much for me. I think I might like it better if I was able to add a little more sugar or honey to counteract the bitterness. However, if you're someone who can handle a more bitter tea and who really enjoys the flavor of blackberries (which definitely shone through), you might want to give this one a shot.
Pure Leaf's Sweet Black Tea is a solid pick when you're looking for a tasty beverage. It is sweet (as you would guess by the name), but not overwhelmingly so. Unlike the Extra Sweet Tea that was so thick and syrupy that you nearly lost all of the tea flavor, this bottle doesn't suffer from that problem. You can still taste the tea, but you'll certainly notice a bit of a syrupy flavor too.
Beyond its taste, this one also beats the Extra Sweet Tea in terms of nutrition. At 160 calories and 42 grams of sugar, it has 80 fewer calories and 22 fewer grams of sugar than its counterpart. However, compared to some of the other Pure Leaf sweet flavors, it is still on the high side in terms of calories and sugar content. Aside from the Extra Sweet Tea, only the Raspberry Black Tea has more calories or sugar. If you're looking for something that will really quench your thirst on a hot day, this also may not be the best pick. I didn't find it to be as refreshing as the flavors I placed above it in the rankings. All in all, though, you'll probably be satisfied if you grab a bottle of this — in fact, it was the winning pick in our head-to-head match-up of Pure Leaf vs. AriZona Iced Tea.
Before I did the official taste test of these Pure Leaf flavors, I was pretty certain that my final ranking would feature the Pure Leaf Raspberry Black Tea in the top spot. It's been my recent go-to when grabbing a cold drink at a convenience store, a gas station, or a vending machine. However, while it made my top three, I was surprised that I ended up liking the following picks more. There's just something enjoyable about a good raspberry tea; in fact, when we ranked every Peace Tea flavor, raspberry was the definitive winner. This bottle from Pure Leaf has fruity notes that add something that is missing from the Unsweet Black Tea. While it is on the sweeter side (with more sugar and calories than everything but the Extra Sweet Black Tea), it's not overpoweringly sweet.
You can really smell the raspberries when you open the bottle. While the raspberry flavor is clearly there, it does push the tea flavor to the back burner. So, if you're looking to taste a true, crisp iced tea, this one may miss the mark. The tea is also a bit bitter, but it's nowhere close to being as bitter as the blackberry. Since the Artisan Inspired Teas that rank higher than this one are only available in 42-ounce bottles, this will continue to be my top choice when I'm just picking up a quick drink.
I'm honestly surprised with where the Sweet Jasmine Green Tea ended up in this ranking. I do not consider myself to be a green tea person, as I just don't find the flavor to be all that enjoyable. However, there is something about this variety that I absolutely love, and I could certainly see myself choosing this bottle over a sweet tea or even my standard Raspberry Black Tea above. It has just the right amount of sweetness to complement the green tea without being too cloying. This more subtle sweetness is also evident based on the calorie count and sugar content — a 12-ounce serving of this large bottle only has 70 calories and 17 grams of sugar.
Another thing that really stood out to me about this tea was how truly refreshing it is. Unlike some of the sweeter teas that leave you thirsty, this quenches your thirst and could be a great choice on a hot summer's day. I went back and forth about whether to give this one the top spot in the ranking but ultimately decided it didn't quite match the enticing flavor profile of my number one pick. Just remember — because of its higher caffeine content, the worst time to drink green tea is right before bed, so you'll probably want to keep this as an afternoon beverage.
From the first taste, I was certain that this Sweet Assam Black Tea was going to earn a high spot in the rankings. As it turns out, it ended up winning me over enough to land in the top spot. When you look at the tea in the bottle, its beautiful amber color really stands out, distinguishing it from many of the other varieties that are dark brown. The flavor hits just right, too. It is a bit sweet, but not overpowering or syrupy like the Extra Sweet Black Tea, or even the Sweet Black Tea. Instead, it offers a very balanced flavor profile with just a hint of citrus notes.
This bottle also tastes perfectly brewed, unlike some that were weak, bitter, or even slightly watery. It just tastes like tea, which is what we all want when picking out an iced tea to enjoy. Frequent tea drinkers will appreciate some of the unique flavor notes that are present in this Northeast India-sourced tea. My single complaint, really, is that Pure Leaf only sells it as a 42-ounce bottle. I'd love to see it available as a smaller bottle that one could grab from a convenience store or a vending machine.
To compile this ranking of Pure Leaf iced tea flavors, I conducted a taste test. I alternated between sweet and unsweet flavors, sipping on between 1 and 2 ounces of each variety at a time. I ate a plain cracker between flavors to try to cleanse my palate and remove any lingering aftertastes from my mouth. The slightly salty cracker also increased my thirst, so I could evaluate how refreshing each tea was and whether it might be a good option to truly quench one's thirst.
Coming up with the final ranking required some additional sips of various flavors. I was pretty set on the order of the worst flavors, due to some of the stronger, yet not particularly pleasant (in my opinion) lingering flavors or the bitterness that came with each sip. However, for the top-ranked items, I did have a little debate with myself (and my husband, who tasted these with me). We saw a few being contenders for the top spot in this list, but ultimately there was a clear winner with a refreshing taste, balanced sweetness, and some unique flavor notes.
While I based this ranking primarily on taste, I did also consult the nutritional content of each tea, taking note of the calories per serving and total sugars. In some cases, this information gave me greater confidence about where I placed a particular flavor in the ranking. For example, the Extra Sweet bottle was not only overpoweringly sweet and syrupy, but it also had the most calories and the highest sugar content. All of this really justifies its placement in the ranking, in my opinion."
13,2026-07-08,"Both councils and unregistered children's homes face fines and penalties
Local authorities who place children in care in unregistered homes could face being downgraded in performance inspections, Ofsted's chief inspector has said.
Councils may be graded as requiring 'urgent improvement' and penalised in the running of their Children's Services departments under the regulator's proposals to tackle the issue.
Sir Martyn Oliver told the BBC's Today programme that the practice of companies themselves running illegal placements was a ""scandal"" and that they will face fines.
He added that local authorities may be penalised under new plans for changes to inspections.
Ofsted has failed to successfully prosecute a single provider since their use first emerged around a decade ago.
In 2021, the government banned the use of children's homes which are not registered with Ofsted following successive BBC investigations.
We discovered that one girl was trafficked directly from her home and sexually abused while a boy was kidnapped from another home to sell drugs.
Children in care as young as ten were also regularly moved between caravans and narrow boats.
At the time of the ban, local authorities complained that they were forced to use them because there were not enough placements in registered children's homes.
But with the supply of children's homes doubling in the past eight years - as private equity and property investors entered the market - illegal placements might have been expected to stop.
Despite this, the practice has only grown with the cost of these placements also rising sharply.
In May, the BBC revealed that three local authorities in England spent more than Â£2 million each on a single child's placement in an illegal children's home last year.
Whistleblowers continue to tell the BBC about appalling conditions inside homes. One described finding a child being barricaded inside a room.
Ofsted has faced criticism for failing to successfully prosecute any providers over this period - and for excessive delays over applications to register children's homes which now stretch to 18 months.
Providers have told the BBC that they feel forced to open without registration or face bankruptcy because of the sunk costs in hiring premises and employing key staff.
Sir Martyn has now promised to help end the use of illegal children's homes.
""It's simply unacceptable. It's a scandal. It needs to end, and we're going to play our part in it,"" he said.
Ofsted's chief inspector said he has increased the size of the team investigating the use of illegal placements and three prosecutions are ongoing, with one awaiting sentencing.
""I'm saying it's simply not good enough if you use a children's home that's not registered with us, and we will downgrade you if that's the case"", he said.
But Ofsted has previously faced criticism for not taking action sooner.
""Ofsted has always had powers to take action against illegal children's homes, but the new powers should make enforcement quicker and more effective"", said Dr Mark Kerr, Chief executive of providers' body, the Children's Homes Association.
He added that ""enforcement alone"" will not solve the problem and Ofsted needs to address registration delays and target directors of companies themselves.
""If fines are aimed only at limited companies, rather than the individual directors behind them, there is a real risk that poor operators will simply close one company and reopen under another name.""
Why illegal children's homes are being paid up to Â£2m per child by councils
Concerns persist at secure care home, says Ofsted
Children's services significantly improved - Ofsted
Watch our pick of standout clips from across the BBC
US launches more strikes on Iran with blasts reported in south of country
Jackdaw boss warns of winter fuel shortages if gas field not approved
UK heatwave spreads further north and west as temperatures continue to climb
Why heatwaves hit women harder
Andy Burnham's path to becoming prime minister
It was 'love at first sight' with their adopted baby. Then they were told he may have been trafficked
Graham Platner's exit throws a must-win race for Democrats into tumult
I run the UK's biggest bank, here are five ways to manage your money
The Papers: 'Iran war back on' and 'Count Binface exclusive'
Why electric cars cost more to insure - and what's being done about it
Children keep dying in a country that made huge progress on measles
Royal Watch: Get the latest royal stories and analysis with Sean Coughlanâs weekly newsletter
Classic 1970s love-hate sitcom starring Penelope Keith
Danny investigates a mysterious case live from Hay Festival 2026
Alan Partridge takes on a âbraveâ project
An audio sketch show from the internet's best comedians
'Iran war back on' and 'Count Binface exclusive'
Met investigate donation to Jenrick's Tory leadership campaign
Why heatwaves hit women harder
US launches more strikes on Iran with blasts reported in south of country
Democrat Graham Platner suspends campaign for key US Senate race in Maine 
Jackdaw boss warns of winter fuel shortages if gas field not approved
No crude proposals on disability benefits, minister leading review says
No air con? Here's how to get the most out of your electric fan 
Chris Mason: Farage called by-election from weak position - and it could backfire on him
Police name man wanted over murders of wife and daughters
Copyright Â© 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking."
14,2026-07-08,"Apple is testing DRAM memory chips from China's state-backed ChangXin Memory Technologies (CXMT), according to a new report from the Financial Times.
Last week, it emerged that Apple was in discussions with CXMT and fellow Chinese chipmaker Yangtze Memory Technologies (YMTC) about sourcing memory, with no deal finalized. The new details suggest Apple has since progressed to qualifying CXMT's chips specifically, running the company's memory through the kind of technical validation that typically precedes a supplier being approved for production use. Apple has apparently still not committed to using CXMT's chips commercially, and is continuing to lead a lobbying effort among U.S. tech companies to get Washington's blessing for broader use of the supplier's products.
CXMT has grown from a heavily subsidized and unremarkable domestic chip maker into the world's fourth-largest DRAM producer, behind Samsung Electronics, SK Hynix, and Micron Technology, accounting for roughly 11% of global DRAM wafer capacity last year. That share is expected to climb to 15% by 2028 as new production lines come online in Hefei, Shanghai, and Beijing. Qualifying CXMT as a working supplier now would let Apple tap into that capacity as soon as it needs to, rather than starting the testing process from scratch once a political green light arrives.
Standard DRAM contract prices are reported to have surged an estimated 55% to 60% in early 2026 as AI server demand pulled capacity away from consumer devices, and Apple recently raised prices across almost its entire product lineup as a result. A qualified fourth DRAM supplier would give Apple leverage in future negotiations with Samsung, SK Hynix, and Micron, as well as a potential hedge against further shortage-driven price increases on devices built for the Chinese market.
Both CXMT and YMTC appear on the Pentagon's 1260H roster of firms Washington links to the Chinese military. In practice, that mostly cuts off Defense Department contracting rather than blocking ordinary commercial purchases, so nothing legally stops Apple from buying CXMT chips today. YMTC carries a heavier restriction, since it's also on the Commerce Department's Entity List, meaning any U.S. company needs an export license before dealing with it. What Apple reportedly wants from the administration is a promise that CXMT won't get pushed onto that same Entity List down the road, since that would effectively cut off the supply.
Back in 2022, an earlier attempt to work with Chinese memory suppliers, including YMTC, drew objections from Washington and was shelved after lawmakers pushed back. According to Bloomberg, Apple CEO Tim Cook has now taken the pitch directly to administration officials, framing it as a way to route Chinese-made memory into devices for the Chinese market specifically, which would leave more Samsung, SK Hynix, and Micron chips available for products sold elsewhere. Not everyone in the administration is said to be on board, so it remains unclear whether the lobbying push will succeed.
Note: Due to the political or social nature of the discussion regarding this topic, the discussion thread is located in our Political News forum.  All forum members and site visitors are welcome to read and follow the thread, but posting is limited to forum members with at least 100 posts.
Get weekly top MacRumors stories in your inbox.
Our comprehensive guide highlighting every major new addition in iOS 26, plus how-tos that walk you through using the new features.
End-to-end encrypted RCS messaging in beta, Suggested Places in Maps, new Pride Luminance wallpaper, and more.
New features and lesser-known changes to check out if you're upgrading.
Apple's four new iPhones feature more differences between the latest models than ever before, so which one should you buy?
Siri AI, Apple Intelligence features throughout, child safety improvements, and more. In developer beta now.
Siri AI, design refinements, new Apple Intelligence features, and more. In developer beta now.
Apple's first foldable iPhone, with a book-style design featuring a ~5.5-inch outer display and a ~7.8-inch inner display with a minimal crease down the middle.
iPhone 18 Pro and Pro Max with smaller Dynamic Island, new color options, camera and chip improvements, and more.
6 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
11 hours ago by Tim Hardwick
13 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
1 day ago by Tim Hardwick
2 days ago by Tim Hardwick
 
MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and other Apple platforms."
15,2026-07-08,"By 


      The Associated Press
    


                An Iraqi Shiite soldier chants on the eve of funeral ceremonies for the late Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei outside the Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf, Iraq, Tuesday, July 7, 2026.
                
                    
                    Hadi Mizban/AP
                    
                
hide caption

DUBAI, United Arab Emirates — The U.S. military attacked Iran early Wednesday after it said Tehran struck three ships in the Strait of Hormuz, part of an American effort that also revoked the Islamic Republic's ability to openly sell crude oil in the world market. Iran retaliated with strikes targeting Bahrain and Kuwait.
The regional crossfire raised the risks that an interim agreement to halt fighting in the war could break down, putting the Middle East again at risk of a wider conflict.
The attacks on shipping and the resulting strikes came during the dayslong funeral for Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who was killed Feb. 28 in the war's first moments at age 86. The funeral, which ends Thursday, had been thought to be a period of lower tensions — though mourners have repeatedly called for the killings of U.S. President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Negotiations to reach a final deal had been due to start after Khamenei's burial and focus on the toughest matters, including fully reopening the strait and rolling back Tehran's disputed nuclear program. But the new attacks threw that into question.
""The era of bullying and extortion is over,"" Iran's Parliament Speaker Mohammad Bagher Qalibaf wrote on X. ""It leads nowhere. We don't fold.""
The U.S. military's Central Command said American forces launched the strikes ""to impose heavy costs for targeting and attacking commercial shipping crewed by innocent civilians in an international waterway.""
It said it hit Iranian targets including air defense systems, radars and over 60 small boats used by Iran's paramilitary Revolutionary Guard. Those boats have been key in harassing ships in the strait.
The U.S. military remains ""postured and prepared to hold Iran accountable when the agreement is not adhered to or obeyed,"" it added, saying this round of attacks had ended.
Iran acknowledged the strikes, but offered no word on any losses. Iranian state media reported the sound of explosions in Bandar Abbas, Qeshm and Sirik.

                Map showing where a tanker was struck in the Strait of Hormuz.
                
                    
                    Will Jarrett/AP
                    
                
hide caption

Wednesday morning, both Bahrain, home to the U.S. Navy's 5th Fleet, and Kuwait, home to U.S. Army forces, sounded missile alerts. The Guard issued a statement acknowledging targeting U.S. military installations in both countries.
""The child-killing and terrorist U.S. army ... openly violated the ceasefire and violated the Islamabad understanding by launching an airstrike on a number of coastal bases and civilian stations on the coasts of Hormozgan and Mahshahr provinces,"" it said, without addressing the attacks on ships in the strait.
Bahrain sounded its alert a second time later Wednesday morning.
A similar spate of Iranian attacks on shipping and U.S. retaliatory strikes occurred late last month — which similarly drew Iranian attacks on Bahrain and Kuwait. Wednesday's strikes also came as Trump was in Turkey for a summit of the NATO military alliance.
The U.S. also revoked a license that authorized the sale of Iranian oil as part of the interim deal. That had allowed Iran for the first time in years to conduct oil sales openly on the international market for U.S. dollars. Iran long had been suspected of selling sanctioned crude oil at below-market prices to China.
The decision came after the strikes on shipping. One tanker was traveling off the coast of Oman when it was hit and caught fire, the United Kingdom Maritime Trade Operations center said. Iranian state television said the liquefied natural gas tanker came under attack after ignoring warnings but did not directly claim the assault.
The other two ships sustained some damage, but no one was injured, and both continued on their way in the Strait of Hormuz, the U.K. maritime agency said. Iran has maintained a chokehold on the Strait of Hormuz since the war, disrupting global energy markets as a fifth of all traded oil and natural gas passed through the channel in peacetime. The ships attacked Tuesday all appeared to be using a route close to Oman's shore, rather than one ordered by Tehran.
Tehran repeatedly has declared that only its approved route through the strait is safe and is suspected of attacking other ships that have used the Oman route.
Majed al-Ansari, a spokesperson for the Qatari Foreign Ministry, said the Qatari tanker Al Rekayyat was targeted in an ""unacceptable attack"" on international navigation and global energy security. He said Qatar holds Iran ""fully legally responsible.""
Iran and the United States agreed as part of the interim deal to allow ships to pass without paying charges for 60 days. But Tehran insisted it must control the vessels' routes and later charge fees for passage, which would upend decades of practice in the waterway.
The U.S. and many Gulf Arab states say they will not agree to Iran charging for passage through the strait.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
16,2026-07-08,"Great whites have rarely been captured on camera in waters off Rhode Island.
Scientists have captured what they say is rare video footage of a great white shark in the waters off the coast of Rhode Island.
Great whites aren't uncommon in the waters of the Northeast, but they mostly congregate around Cape Cod, where a preferred source of prey -- the grey seal -- tends to be as well, Jon Dodd, executive director of the Atlantic Shark Institute, told ABC News.
Marine researchers had been getting reports of a dead 40-foot humpback whale floating near Block Island, about 13 miles off the southern coast of mainland Rhode Island, Dodd said. When he and Sarah Callan, manager of animal rescue at Mystic Aquarium in Connecticut, finally found the whale, they saw something unusual for the area: an 8-foot juvenile white shark feeding on the carcass.
The white shark appeared about 10 minutes after they arrived, first as a shadow that went underneath the whale. Once the shadow emerged from the other side, the researchers knew they were witnessing something special.
""It was a really good day for both of us,"" Dodd said.
The video captures the shark moving in an undulating way, indicating that it was in feeding mode, Dodd said.
It is unclear what sex the shark was, but it appeared healthy and was not tagged, Dodd said.
Callan was also able to take tissue samples of the whale for further research, according to the institute. The whale washed up on Block Island's Crescent Beach days later, and researchers were able to perform a full necropsy on it. The cause of death has yet to be determined.
White sharks aren't completely unknown in Rhode Island waters, but they aren't sighted much, Dodd said.
Last year, a baited remote underwater video system, which was placed in a cage and dropped into the ocean, captured a white shark swimming by.
But until now, one had never been documented so closely by humans in the region, Dodd said.
""He was camera shy initially, but then came by and gave us a close-up view,"" he said.
The encounter is rare because the vast majority of sub-adult and adult sharks end up at Cape Cod, Dodd said. But the younger ones are ending up in Rhode Island during the summer more often as shark populations rebound in the Atlantic, Dodd said.
""It's kind of amazing that you know these white sharks are few and far between,"" he said. ""We see them, but not ever in large numbers.""
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events"
17,2026-07-08,"A startling 40% of women with ovarian cancer are only diagnosed after a sudden emergency room admission, a new study has found.
This emergency route leaves patients three times less likely to catch the disease at an early, highly curable stage compared to those diagnosed through planned doctor visits, according to the study, which was published Tuesday in the medical journal BMJ Oncology. 
The findings come as a stark warning for the estimated 21,010 Americans expected to be diagnosed with ovarian cancer this year, according to the National Cancer Institute. Because major health panels recommend against routine screening for the general public due to a lack of highly accurate tests, survival relies heavily on recognizing vague warning signs.
The relentless nature of the disease was recently highlighted by tennis legend Chris Evert, who announced she would skip Wimbledon because her ovarian cancer returned.  
The new study, which analyzed registry data for 28,204 women, found that emergency diagnoses skyrocketed to 68.6% among severely frail women and 44.2% for those living in economically deprived neighborhoods. Young women aged 18 to 29 also faced elevated risks at 42.7%.  
Ovarian cancer progresses quietly, often leaving patients with no warning until the disease has advanced. Without an early warning sign, the cancer expands until it triggers an acute crisis, such as severe fluid buildup or a bowel obstruction, forcing an ER visit where urgent imaging scans finally unmask the disease.
""We know that patients with a BRCA mutation are more prone to getting ovarian cancer earlier in life,"" Dr. Areta Bojko, a board-certified obstetrician and gynecologist, told ABC News. 
Early symptoms of ovarian cancer -- including mild bloating, stomach pain, or early satiety -- are easy to mistake for routine acid reflux, indigestion, or constipation. 
Bojko urges women to watch for abrupt changes in any baseline patterns of bloating or cramping, and to be particularly mindful of early satiety.
""Pay attention to whether you are getting full faster,"" Bojko said. ""If you normally eat a full burger and now you can only take two bites before feeling full, that is a warning sign."" 
She urges patients to advocate firmly for themselves if they note persistent changes in these patterns, noting there is ""no harm in asking for imaging"" like a pelvic ultrasound or a CT scan from their physician.   
While catching the disease early remains difficult, women have incredibly powerful, tangible options to lower their baseline risk before the disease develops. 
""Women who have used oral birth control have a 30% to 50% lower risk of ovarian cancer than women who have never used them,"" Bojko said.
There are other proactive treatments and surgeries that can significantly reduce risk, Bojko said, urging women to ask their doctor about options that that would be appropriate given their fertility goals and overall health. 
Yonathan Daniel, M.D., is an internal medicine resident physician at NYU Langone Health and a member of the ABC News Medical Unit. 
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events"
18,2026-07-08,"Apple's challenge against the EU's designation of its App Stores and iOS platform as ""gatekeepers"" was dismissed by Europe's top court on Wednesday, reports Reuters.

""The General Court dismisses Apple's actions regarding its designation as a gatekeeper in relation to the App Store and iOS,"" the Luxembourg-based tribunal said.
Apple took its case to Luxembourg's General Court in 2024 after the European Commission designated its five App Stores – on the iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple TV, and Apple Watch – as a single core platform service under the Digital Markets Act (DMA), a label that brings with it a set of strict obligations.
Designated ""gatekeepers"" are prohibited from favoring their own services over those of rivals, and are prevented from combining personal data across different services. They also have to give users the option to use alternative app stores.
Apple also challenged the EU's designation of iOS as a gateway platform, a status that requires the operating system allows rival services to interoperate with it.
The company also disputed the classification of iMessage as a number-independent interpersonal communications service, or NIICS, which would subject the app to EU telecoms rules. But the General Court said Apple's actions regarding the iMessage service are inadmissible.
To be classified as a ""gatekeeper"" under the DMA, a company must fulfill certain criteria, including having sales across the EU of at least €7.5 billion, or a market capitalization of €75 billion or above. The designation also requires platforms or services to have more than 45 million monthly active users and over 10,000 active business users annually within the EU.
Note: Due to the political or social nature of the discussion regarding this topic, the discussion thread is located in our Political News forum.  All forum members and site visitors are welcome to read and follow the thread, but posting is limited to forum members with at least 100 posts.
Get weekly top MacRumors stories in your inbox.
Our comprehensive guide highlighting every major new addition in iOS 26, plus how-tos that walk you through using the new features.
End-to-end encrypted RCS messaging in beta, Suggested Places in Maps, new Pride Luminance wallpaper, and more.
New features and lesser-known changes to check out if you're upgrading.
Apple's four new iPhones feature more differences between the latest models than ever before, so which one should you buy?
Siri AI, Apple Intelligence features throughout, child safety improvements, and more. In developer beta now.
Siri AI, design refinements, new Apple Intelligence features, and more. In developer beta now.
Apple's first foldable iPhone, with a book-style design featuring a ~5.5-inch outer display and a ~7.8-inch inner display with a minimal crease down the middle.
iPhone 18 Pro and Pro Max with smaller Dynamic Island, new color options, camera and chip improvements, and more.
6 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
11 hours ago by Tim Hardwick
13 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
1 day ago by Tim Hardwick
2 days ago by Tim Hardwick
 
MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and other Apple platforms."
19,2026-07-08,"The kids aren't all right.
Gen Zers are graduating into a daunting job market. The housing market is a mess. Typical milestones — getting married, having children, buying a home — are drifting further into the future.
If there's one stat that neatly sums up the current case of arrested development, it's that nearly a fifth of 25- to 34-year-olds live with their parents or grandparents, a record high, per a recent analysis of census data by John Burns Research and Consulting. Rather than renting their first apartments or grabbing the keys to a starter home, today's young adults are shacking up with their parents in droves.
By and large, young adults tell pollsters that they still harbor dreams of homeownership. But the affordability hurdles are steep, and social norms have changed, too — living with parents well into adulthood may no longer be the calamity it was for, say, Seinfeld's George Costanza, whose move back home in a 1993 episode was portrayed as nothing less than rock bottom.
If all of this sounds familiar, it's because millennials traveled a similar path. Overeducated and underemployed in the wake of the Great Recession, they spent their early careers scrounging for jobs and crashing with their parents to save cash. For many, the prospect of homeownership seemed distant. One 2015 headline from this very website summed up the gloomy outlook: ""America's 'children in the basement' won't be moving out anytime soon.""
The millennial comparison, however, may actually offer some hope for Zoomers. Now in their early 40s, the oldest millennials own homes at roughly the same rate as their Gen X predecessors. The goalposts may have shifted back, but they didn't disappear.
That's no guarantee, however, that this game of catch-up will turn out the same way for Gen Zers, the oldest of whom are closing in on 30. Every generation encounters its own speed bumps en route to the American dream. Gen Zers, however, are caught in the middle of several unique forces, from the country's slowing population growth to the death of the traditional starter home. Their housing choices today could reverberate for decades to come.

                                  Every time James publishes a story, you'll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                              

                                  Stay connected to James and get more of their work as it publishes.
                              


                                  By clicking ""Sign up"", you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider's
                                  Terms of Service and
                                  Privacy Policy.
                                
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Millennials were once the poster children of stunted adulthood. The slow economic recovery after the financial crisis left the cohort struggling to find its footing in the housing and job markets. In 2016, roughly 16% of 25 to 34-year-olds lived with relatives, compared with 11% a decade earlier. The prevailing narrative in those days was, ""Millennials will never become homeowners,"" recalls Mark Fleming, the chief economist at the title company First American. Indeed, while nearly half of baby boomers owned their homes at 30, millennials' share at the same age was a paltry 33%.
Since then, however, elder millennials have ""mostly caught up,"" says Eric Finnigan, a demographer at John Burns and a member of the cohort himself. A 42-year-old whose career might have appeared dead on arrival in 2008 has roughly the same odds of owning their home as a Gen Xer did at the same age. (Boomers, notably, were well ahead of both groups.)
""It's just a delayed life stage, not a lost life stage,"" Finnigan tells me.
Younger adults have yet to reach that point. The share living with parents jumped in 2020 during the height of the pandemic, but trended downward in the next couple of years as borrowing rates plummeted and companies hired with gusto.
""The job market for young people was white-hot,"" Finnigan tells me. ""Anybody who wanted to find a job could probably find a job, and that wasn't true 10 years before.""
Then came the spring of 2022, when the era of ultra-cheap home loans came to an abrupt end. Interest rates spiked, making all kinds of borrowing more expensive, and the job market hit the skids. The homeownership rate for young adults fell for two consecutive years, erasing the steady gains made from 2017 to 2022. A little less than 30% of 25-to-24-year-olds owned their home as of 2025, down from about 40% in 1990, an Apartment List analysis of census data found.
The sudden shift in the market outlook was compounded by longer-term trends, like the shrinking pool of ""starter homes"" — cheaper, entry-level places that allow younger homeowners to start amassing equity. Given the rising costs of land, materials, and cutting through red tape, homebuilders are pivoting to more lucrative projects that favor older buyers with deeper pockets: A Business Insider analysis of census data found that by late 2022, hardly any newly built homes in the US were selling for less than $200,000. Meanwhile, more than 60% of new homes were priced above $400,000, double the share from a couple of years earlier. ""It just became a lot more difficult to build entry-level homes,"" Rob Dietz, the chief economist for the National Association of Home Builders, tells me. ""There's a lot fewer of those available.""
For young people, the hurdles to getting keys to their own place go beyond the dearth of cheap new builds. Renting a non-mom-and-dad-owned place is more expensive: The typical rent nationwide jumped by nearly 30% between 2020 and 2024, Zillow data shows. And a study a few years ago by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis found that 36% of older Gen Zers were sitting on student debt, compared to 31% of millennials at the same life stage.
Chiamaka Onyemelukwe, 35, has lived with her mother in Alameda, California, since finishing her master's program in 2018. She dreams of working as a storyboard artist for a TV or film company, but has spent the past couple of years job-hunting after being laid off in late 2023. ""It's just hard to find something stable right now,"" Onyemelukwe tells me.
She recognizes that she's lucky to have a place to stay in her mother's two-bedroom rental, but she hopes the arrangement isn't permanent. ""I definitely want to get a house one day,"" she says. For now, though, she's dipping into savings and relying on her mother for support.
""When you're in your head a lot, and you're thinking about the situation you're in, like not having work and not having a place of your own,"" Onyemelukwe tells me, ""it's going to make it difficult for you to focus on what really matters outside of that.""
While some younger adults may be prioritizing careers or simply putting off the whole white-picket-fence thing, the stark rise in young adults living with their folks, combined with the mounting barriers to entry for wannabe homeowners, sends a clear message to economists like Dietz.
""I actually think there is reason to be concerned,"" Dietz tells me.
One person who may see fewer reasons for consternation is Elizabeth Gomes, a 29-year-old in San Diego who works in public relations. Gomes lives the kind of rich, full life enjoyed by young professionals in big cities around the country. She travels, dines out weekly with friends, and enjoys going to concerts and Disneyland. She also lives with her parents.
""I have a ton of friends that are in very similar situations,"" Gomes tells me. Some have settled back into their childhood bedrooms, while others are living on their parents' properties. All have jobs. ""It's just the situation that's happened, or that we've chosen because of how we want to live,"" she says.
Of the roughly 7.5 million 25 to 34-year-olds living at home, seven in 10 are employed, according to a Realtor.com analysis of census data. The prevalence of those working but still living at home suggests ""this is a housing cost story, not a jobs story,"" writes Hannah Jones, a senior economist at Realtor.com. Gomes has scanned the nearby rental market and decided that moving out wouldn't be worth the tradeoffs — less travel, more meals in, fewer concert tickets purchased. The $700 her parents charge for monthly rent is a fraction of what she'd pay if she lived alone, given that the median rent for a one-bedroom in San Diego stretches to nearly $2,000, per Apartment List. Plus, she likes hanging out with her parents. They've been roommates since she was a sophomore in college, when she decided to give up dorm life in favor of a cheaper (and calmer) alternative.
""I don't really have any shame in living at home,"" Gomes tells me.
Finnigan, the demographer at John Burns, spends a lot of time talking to young people about their living situations, and he's come away surprised by how much the Seinfeld-era caricature of the stay-at-home adult has faded. ""It's way more of a normal thing,"" he tells me. ""There's not a hit to status, or someone's self-esteem.""
Nick Chapman, 30, works in film marketing and recently moved home to the Southern California suburb of Simi Valley. Though he could afford the $1,550 monthly rent at his old apartment in Los Angeles, the cost pressures of living on his own left him feeling ""stagnant,"" he tells me, with little room to save or splurge. Chapman grew up on movies like ""Stepbrothers,"" which played the idea of grown men living at home for laughs: ""It was kind of a pathetic thing, and I'm obviously like, 'I hope that's not me,'"" Chapman says. But his parents had always made clear that he'd have a place to stay if needed, and his older brother had also spent some time at home after school. So far, he's enjoying the comforts (and savings) of home. Like the other young adults I spoke with, Chapman still hopes to buy a home one day. ""That's the ultimate goal,"" Chapman tells me. But maturing, he says, has also meant accepting that ""everyone is on their own clock.""
""I don't take it as an embarrassing kind of thing anymore, really,"" he says. ""Because I just feel like it's the new reality.""
Odds are that you know others in this boat. Maybe you find yourself back in your childhood bedroom, or perhaps you're on the flip side, pulling double duty as a parent-landlord. My own 25-year-old brother has spent the past few years living at home. He has a good job, but making it in a costly city like Austin is a stretch for workers of all stripes. I'm glad he has a place to stay, and I often envy the moments he gets to spend with my parents while I settle for FaceTime calls. I wouldn't trade it for my experiences living on my own, though, and I'll admit that I hope he soon gets the same chance.
Mark Fleming, the economist at First American, offers a counterpoint to all the handwringing. ""I think a lot of times the data is interpreted as, 'Well, they will never become homeowners,'"" Fleming tells me. ""That's not true.""
Fleming counseled similar patience when elder millennials were in dire straits, and he points to their rising homeownership rate as evidence that a delay doesn't equate to total discouragement. Extend some of these chart lines into the future, and the group may surpass Gen X in terms of homeownership. ""It just took time,"" Fleming says.
This story has been playing out for decades — for the vast majority of their adult lives, even baby boomers appeared to lag behind the silent generation before them on the homeownership front. The economy shifts, and priorities change. If there's one constant, it's the younger generations' knack for stirring concern among the silver-haired crowd.
All signs point to the idea that once Gen Zers find their financial footing, they're likely to jump into the housing market. Finnigan views the delay as pent-up demand — people waiting in the wings to live on their own once conditions improve or the timing feels right.
""They'll catch up at some point,"" Finnigan tells me. ""It's just a matter of when.""
James Rodriguez is a correspondent on Business Insider's Discourse team.

                        Business Insider's Discourse stories provide perspectives on the day's most pressing issues, informed by analysis, reporting, and expertise.
                        
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
20,2026-07-08,Intel’s cheaper Wildcat Lake chips don’t quite match the MacBook Neo in pure performance.
21,2026-07-08,"Apple has suspended development of the display for a cheaper, lighter version of the Vision Pro that it originally planned to launch in the next few years, according to  The Elec.
The Korean outlet says Apple supplier Samsung Display is set to internally wind down the panel project – known in the industry as ""G-VR"" – with development set to be formally terminated by September.
G-VR is a glass-substrate micro-OLED, a lower-cost alternative to the silicon-based OLEDoS used in the current Vision Pro. It was being developed at around 1,600 to 1,700 pixels per inch, which is roughly half the 3,386 PPI of Apple's Vision Pro. The report says mass production had once been planned for sometime after 2028.
Apple has since turned much of its attention away from headsets in favour of smart glasses development, which has apparently drained momentum from the G-VR glass-substrate. However, Samsung continues to develop OLEDoS panels for the company's own mixed-reality devices, according to the report. 
Bloomberg's Mark Gurman said in October 2025 that Apple had paused work on a lighter, cheaper ""Vision Air"" to fast-track glasses that would rival Meta's Ray-Bans. In May 2026, Gurman reported that the cheaper device had been canceled outright.
Apple hasn't walked away from the headset market entirely, though. If a new Vision Pro-style device does materialize, Gurman said in May that he wouldn't expect it for ""around two more years at least,"" given that the bulk of Apple's mixed-reality hardware talent has been pulled onto other projects like smart glasses, which are expected to launch in 2027.
Apple refreshed the Vision Pro in October 2025 with an updated model featuring an M5 chip. Last month, Apple upped the starting price of its Vision Pro from $3,499 to $3,699 as part of the company's sweeping product price hikes.
Get weekly top MacRumors stories in your inbox.
Our comprehensive guide highlighting every major new addition in iOS 26, plus how-tos that walk you through using the new features.
End-to-end encrypted RCS messaging in beta, Suggested Places in Maps, new Pride Luminance wallpaper, and more.
New features and lesser-known changes to check out if you're upgrading.
Apple's four new iPhones feature more differences between the latest models than ever before, so which one should you buy?
Siri AI, Apple Intelligence features throughout, child safety improvements, and more. In developer beta now.
Siri AI, design refinements, new Apple Intelligence features, and more. In developer beta now.
Apple's first foldable iPhone, with a book-style design featuring a ~5.5-inch outer display and a ~7.8-inch inner display with a minimal crease down the middle.
iPhone 18 Pro and Pro Max with smaller Dynamic Island, new color options, camera and chip improvements, and more.
6 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
11 hours ago by Tim Hardwick
13 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
1 day ago by Tim Hardwick
2 days ago by Tim Hardwick
 
MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and other Apple platforms."
22,2026-07-08,"Code spotted in the third developer beta of iOS 27 suggests that Apple is preparing to add car key support for Lucid and Xiaomi vehicles, and that the feature could be nearing launch.
The code references the identifiers ""LCID"" and ""XIA1,"" which appear to correspond to Lucid and Xiaomi respectively. With an Apple car key, drivers can use their iPhone or Apple Watch to lock, unlock, and start a compatible vehicle instead of relying on a traditional key fob. 
Lucid Motors was already named as one of 13 brands Apple said would ""soon"" gain car key support at WWDC 2025, alongside Acura, Chevrolet, Cadillac, GMC, Porsche, Rivian, Smart, Tata Motors, Hongqi, WEY, Chery, and Voyah. Apple did not give a timeframe for that rollout at the time, and Lucid has yet to formally confirm when the feature will arrive on its Air or Gravity models.
Xiaomi's inclusion would be new. The Chinese electronics maker has expanded rapidly into electric vehicles with models like the SU7 sedan and YU7 SUV, and car key support would mark one of the company's first tie-ins with Apple's ecosystem despite Xiaomi being a major Apple rival in the smartphone market.
This is not the first time code has recently hinted at car key support ahead of an official announcement. MacRumors previously found code pointing to Volkswagen adding Apple Wallet car keys to future vehicles, and similar backend references preceded confirmed support for General Motors brands. As with those cases, the code does not confirm which specific models will be compatible or give an exact date, though its presence in a live beta suggests Lucid and Xiaomi support could arrive relatively soon.
Get weekly top MacRumors stories in your inbox.
Our comprehensive guide highlighting every major new addition in iOS 26, plus how-tos that walk you through using the new features.
End-to-end encrypted RCS messaging in beta, Suggested Places in Maps, new Pride Luminance wallpaper, and more.
New features and lesser-known changes to check out if you're upgrading.
Apple's four new iPhones feature more differences between the latest models than ever before, so which one should you buy?
Siri AI, Apple Intelligence features throughout, child safety improvements, and more. In developer beta now.
Siri AI, design refinements, new Apple Intelligence features, and more. In developer beta now.
Apple's first foldable iPhone, with a book-style design featuring a ~5.5-inch outer display and a ~7.8-inch inner display with a minimal crease down the middle.
iPhone 18 Pro and Pro Max with smaller Dynamic Island, new color options, camera and chip improvements, and more.
6 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
11 hours ago by Tim Hardwick
13 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
1 day ago by Tim Hardwick
2 days ago by Tim Hardwick
 
MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and other Apple platforms."
23,2026-07-08,"Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Maybe we don't need a new foldable phone every. single. year.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Samsung has confirmed that the next Galaxy Unpacked event will be held on July 22nd in London, which means we're likely just two weeks away from the unveiling of the Galaxy Z Fold 8 series. 
That being said, if you don't want to wait (or you simply don't want to shell out $2,000 for a smartphone), you're in luck: last year's Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 7 is currently $500 off at Best Buy, making it a pretty compelling prospect for folks who want a great foldable phone experience without breaking the bank.
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 7 256GB: $1,999.99 $1,499.99 at Best Buy
Easily one of the best foldable phones ever built, the Galaxy Z Fold 7 sports an ultra-thin frame with a nearly-invisible crease and loads of powerful specs under the hood. It was prohibitively expensive at launch, but now you can grab the unlocked foldable with a $500 discount at Best Buy. There's also some trade-in credit up for grabs if you have an old device lying around. 
The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 7 is a beautiful foldable phone with a thin and lightweight design, two Dynamic AMOLED displays, and a powerful Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Elite for Galaxy chipset with 12GB of RAM. When opening the book-style foldable, the center crease is finally as imperceptible as Samsung claims it to be, and the upgraded camera system is one of the best we've ever seen on a foldable. 
The phone's thin frame means that the battery life isn't anything to write home about (and Samsung removed the embedded stylus), but if you want a premium foldable phone experience, it doesn't get much better than the Z Fold 7 (well, maybe with the Motorola Razr Fold, but that's another discussion). 
How does last year's phone compare to the upcoming Galaxy Z Fold 8? Well, we don't have official specs just yet, but the latest leaks and rumors suggest that the Z Fold 8 simply takes the foundation of its predecessor and adds a larger battery with faster charging and possibly an upgraded screen. Are those small updates worth an additional $500 at minimum? I don't think so, but you'll have to make the call. 
 



I've said it before and I'll it again: we don't need new phones every single year. With the current global memory shortage and prices going up on tech all across the board, maybe OEMs like Samsung should focus more on optimizing the devices that people already have rather than pushing out new generations every year. 
This is particularly true when new devices only offer small upgrades between generations. If I were in the market for an unlocked foldable phone, I'd go with this discounted Galaxy Z Fold 7 and keep a bit of cash in my pocket for a rainy day. After all, what's the point of giving a device a seven-year software promise if you're not going to keep it for more than a year or two? 
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
After almost a decade of working in the e-commerce space, Patrick Farmer (he/him) began his career at Android Central as a Deals and Commerce Writer before moving into a new role as AC's eCommerce Editor in 2023. When he's not hunting down the best deals and offering shopping advice for our readers, you'll often find him listening to music, camping out at a brewery, or treating his cat like a human child. 
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
24,2026-07-08,
25,2026-07-08,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
Jul 8, 2026 — 5:29 AM ET

Google seems intent on improving Android’s backup situation this year. We’ve seen the company testing per-app cloud backup controls and spotted mentions of a PC-based automatic backup solution using Quick Share. We now have more information to share on this PC-based automatic backup solution, and there seems to be a surprise big-name exclusion.
You’re reading an Authority Insights story. Authority Insights brings you all the latest exclusive reports, app teardowns, leaks, and in-depth tech coverage from the Android Authority team that you won’t find anywhere else.
With the latest Google Play Services v26.26.33 release, we’ve managed to activate the info page for Google’s PC-based backup solution, and it presents a clearer picture of what the feature can do:
As the graphic and description make it clear, Google is working on an automatic backup solution that backs up files you select directly to your PC, without any cloud storage or additional costs. Users will have to start the process in the Quick Share app on their Windows PC, and both devices (Android phone and Windows PC) must be signed in to the same Google Account (even though the backup itself doesn’t use the cloud).
Photos and videos you select on your phone will be backed up daily when your phone and PC are on and nearby, and both are using the same Wi-Fi network. Users will also be able to start a backup at any time.
The biggest surprise in this screenshot is that this feature will not support Samsung phones. This is unfortunate, as Samsung Galaxy phones represent a significant share of the Android market, and having this feature baked into Quick Share will give users a predictable experience across the Android ecosystem.
The text description does not mention if this exclusion is due to technical reasons. Our best guess is that this exclusion is because Samsung smartphones can already extensively back up their data to Windows PCs, Macs, and even USB flash drives via Samsung’s Smart Switch app. Quick Share-based PC backups would be duplicating the solution, though Samsung and Google are no strangers to redundant/competing apps and features. Smart Switch does not currently support automatic backups, though, so there’s at least some reason to hope Quick Share’s solution arrives on Samsung Galaxy devices.
The “Learn more” link points to the Quick Share app website, which currently mentions nothing about automatic PC-based backups.
To recap, here are the screenshots that we previously surfaced for the automatic PC-based backup feature:
We’re hoping Google and Samsung figure out a common solution to extend automatic PC backups through Quick Share to Galaxy users, too. Hopefully, the companies will explore a Quick Share-style technology-sharing and rebranding.
Either way, automatic PC backups for the wider Android ecosystem are good news on the horizon. We’ll keep you updated when we learn more.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
26,2026-07-08,"Lovable once said it's competing with large AI labs, not other vibe-coding companies. Mark Cuban thinks it has a leg up on those guys, too.
At a conference in Paris on Wednesday, the ""Shark Tank"" investor said that AI coding services like Lovable have add-on services that could prevent them from being replaced by AI labs.
""When we question a lot of the front ends like Lovable, Replit, etc, we wonder if the foundational models, the big guys are going to just replace them,"" Cuban said at a talk with Lovable CEO Anton Osika. ""But what you're saying is you have a base of data that is localized that applies not only to startups and entrepreneurs, but to any business that's looking to grow.""
Cuban, a Lovable investor, was referring to Osika's comments. The founder said that Lovable has moved from being a tool for writing code to a more all-inclusive platform — founders can incorporate their businesses and set up their payment systems, for example.
""People saw us as an AI software engineer, the product. Now what we're increasingly seeing is that people see Lovable as their partner, as literally their AI cofounder,"" Osika said.
Cuban's comments follow a period of brutal comparisons between products made by vibe-coding startups and Anthropic's Claude Code.
After Anthropic released Opus 4.6 earlier this year, founders and developers said on X that they were ditching their Cursor and Lovable subscriptions for Claude Code.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Founders and investors often compare AI applications, such as vibe-coding tools, to the capabilities of large language models. They are concerned that they may build or invest in a product that cannot defend itself against a new feature from Anthropic or OpenAI.
Lovable, too, has acknowledged this threat.
In a March podcast, Lovable's head of growth, Elena Verna, said that other vibe-coding players are not her biggest concern.
""I always worry about the big boys and girls in the world,"" Verna said. ""So, OpenAIs, Anthropics, Googles, Apples, more so than our competitors that spring up from the bottom or from sideways.""
This is because the distribution power of these tech giants and frontier labs in the market is unparalleled, she said.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
27,2026-07-08,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Most ranchers lose control the day their cattle leave the farm. Steven McBee Jr. built a business where nothing leaves without his family’s name on it.
Copied to clipboard

		Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.	
For most ranchers, the hardest part isn’t raising the cattle, but what happens after they leave the farm. Once they’re loaded onto someone else’s truck, so is most of the control. Processing, distribution and, too often, the biggest share of the profit all belong to somebody else. 
Steven McBee Jr. looked at that system years ago and decided he wasn’t going to keep playing by its rules. 
So while Washington is now investing up to $500 million to strengthen small and midsize meat processors, the 33-year-old rancher has spent the better part of a decade building his own way around the bottleneck.
Credit: Steven McBee Jr.
“Everybody in this industry gets told to raise your cattle, sell them into the commodity system and take the price you’re given,” McBee said. “We looked at that and thought, Why stop there? If we wanted more control over our future, we had to own more of what came next.”
It’s the mindset that built McBee Farm & Cattle Co. on a first-generation family farm in Gallatin, Missouri, where McBee works alongside his father, Steve Sr., and brothers Jesse, Cole and Brayden. There was no inherited land, no inherited cattle, no generations-old banking relationships. What the McBees did have, they put on camera. 
Since The McBee Dynasty: Real American Cowboys premiered in 2024, viewers have watched the family build the business in real time, setbacks and all. “We never wanted the polished version,” McBee explained. “The equipment failures and the expensive lessons made the cut right alongside the wins, and that’s the point. It’s the same fight every farmer and rancher in America is in right now.”
The numbers behind that fight are brutal. The four largest beef packers controlled about a quarter of the U.S. market in the early 1970s. Today, they handle roughly 85 percent of U.S. beef processing, leaving independent producers with few options once their cattle are ready for market. Add rising input costs and unpredictable weather on top, and the margins go from thin to gone.
The way out, McBee figured, was hiding in plain sight. Americans were buying more protein, meat snacks were taking off, and very little of that value was making its way back to the producers themselves. “At some point, we quit asking how to get a better price for our cattle, and we started asking how to build something people could actually buy from us.”
Credit: Steven McBee Jr.
That “something” was a snack stick. McBee had been circling the idea since 2017, but selling a branded, shelf-stable product meant taking on parts of the business most ranch families never touch. “We had to become beginners over and over,” he said. “There wasn’t a shortcut. Every new part of the business came with a learning curve of its own.”
The first brand launched in 2020, and once demand proved real, a production facility followed two years later. The biggest leap came in 2023 with the purchase of the company’s own meat processing plant. After months of upgrades, it earned federal inspection and SQF certification, a top-tier food safety standard. A fulfillment center came next, built right on the farm so every order now ships from the same place the cattle are raised. 
“We built the ladder one rung at a time, and each step was funded by the one before it. Farm, facility, fulfillment. One family, zero middlemen, and we can stand behind exactly what’s in the package and how it got there,” McBee said.
The timing couldn’t have been much better. Meat snack sales have climbed more than 45% over the past four years to a $4.4 billion category, and McBee says demand for the company’s snack sticks is already outpacing what the current facility can produce. Today, the products ship directly to customers through McBeeFarms.com and sit on shelves in more than a dozen states.
Growth hasn’t pulled the business away from Gallatin, either. The next facility is going up in the same rural Missouri community, built with local labor and expected to create 25 full-time jobs on top of the more than 30 the company already supports.
That local focus extends beyond the business, too. Along with donating snack sticks to nearby schools, the company brings children from underserved Kansas City neighborhoods to the farm through its Kids in the Outdoors program for horseback riding, fishing and a firsthand look at where their food comes from.
McBee’s next project is a little different. He’s building a men’s retreat program on the farm that combines the outdoors with conversations around emotional regulation and mental health.
For him, all of it comes back to the same goal. 
“I want McBee to be proof that the American family farm isn’t dying. It just needs a different business model,” he said. “However big this gets, the rhythm won’t change. My brothers and I work side by side every day, and we still all sit down to dinner together every night. If we do this right, the next generation of farmers won’t have to invent a thing. They’ll just copy us.”
For most ranchers, the hardest part isn’t raising the cattle, but what happens after they leave the farm. Once they’re loaded onto someone else’s truck, so is most of the control. Processing, distribution and, too often, the biggest share of the profit all belong to somebody else. 
Steven McBee Jr. looked at that system years ago and decided he wasn’t going to keep playing by its rules. 
So while Washington is now investing up to $500 million to strengthen small and midsize meat processors, the 33-year-old rancher has spent the better part of a decade building his own way around the bottleneck.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
28,2026-07-08,The Lenovo G02 came too close to touching the third rail of retro game emulation.
29,2026-07-08,"The shakeup in markets came as strikes resumed in the Middle East.
Oil prices climbed and stocks closed lower on Wednesday after President Donald Trump said he believes an agreement with Iran is ""over"" amid an exchange of strikes in the Middle East.
Brent crude, the benchmark measure for worldwide oil trading, climbed more than 6% on Wednesday, pushing the price up to about $79 a barrel.
Oil prices stand above pre-war levels, though they have fallen from a high of as much as $118 reached earlier in the conflict.
Stock prices fell in response to the heightened tensions and rising oil prices.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 575 points, or 1%, while the S&P 500 declined 0.2%. The tech-heavy Nasdaq fell 0.2%.
The war prompted the Iranian closure of the Strait of Hormuz, a shipping route that facilitates about one-fifth of worldwide oil supply. In turn, the global economy suffered a historic oil shock, sending oil prices surging.
A U.S.-Iran agreement last month, however, included a provision allowing commercial shipping to resume through the strait, and to do so toll-free for 60 days. Over the ensuing weeks, oil prices prices fell below pre-war levels.
The tensions in recent days rekindled upward pressure on oil prices.
Trump said that negotiations between the U.S. and Iran will continue, but he told reporters of the agreement, ""For me, I think it's over.""
""It's just a waste of time dealing with them,"" Trump said of Iran at a press conference in Ankara, Turkey, where he is attending the NATO summit.
Iran's military said it launched on Wednesday attacks targeting 85 U.S. military sites in Kuwait and Bahrain, saying they were retaliatory strikes following a wave of U.S. airstrikes on Iranian targets.
U.S. forces hit over 80 targets overnight in a new round of airstrikes that came as an ""immediate response"" to Iran's attacks on three commercial vessels transiting the Strait of Hormuz, according to U.S. Central Command.
ABC News' Joe Simonetti contributed to this report.
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events"
30,2026-07-08,"Indian government bonds may see further gains as US jobs data eases rate hike concerns.  The potential inclusion of Indian sovereign bonds in a major index also supports bond prices.  Retreating crude oil prices further contribute to the positive outlook for these bonds.  Benchmark 10-year yields have already declined and are expected to ease more.  Analysts anticipate further easing towards 6.64% levels in the near term.
One basis point is a hundredth of a percentage point.
India's benchmark bond faced a dramatic decline, its most significant drop in over three months, primarily driven by a surge in oil prices linked to geopolitical tensions. This alarming rise in crude prices threatens India's economic growth and inflation forecast, leading to a substantial uptick in bond yields and swap rates. Despite these challenges, foreign investors remain consistently interested in India's debt markets.

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Why is the price of silver falling? The answer: It has cousins. Part 2 – The maternal cousin
Why deficit rain hits fertiliser, pesticide and seed companies at different speeds
How data-fogged MCA annual report fails to mirror India Inc’s health
NSE, Jio mega IPOs: Why size doesn’t matter, valuations do
What will the NSE IPO price be? Unlisted market deals offer clues.
Akasa aims to be a 226-aircraft airline by 2032, IPO in 2-4 years
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Slideshow
Top Performing MF
Top Prime Articles
Top Commodities
Top Definitions
Top Story Listing
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime








What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
31,2026-07-08,"Micron (MU) stock has surged nearly 8x over the past year, pushing its market capitalization above $1 trillion. The rally has been fueled by high-bandwidth memory (HBM), which sits alongside the AI accelerators from Nvidia (NVDA) and AMD (AMD) that are at the heart of the AI infrastructure build-out.
Historically, memory has been one of the semiconductor industry’s most cyclical businesses, with DRAM moving through boom-and-bust cycles every three to four years. Take a detailed look at how past memory cycles have played out for Micron
This time, however, several aspects of the market look different. AI customers are signing multi-year supply agreements, a handful of hyperscalers account for an outsized share of demand, and HBM is tightly integrated with AI accelerators rather than sold as a standalone commodity.
The obvious question is whether these structural shifts are enough to rewrite the industry’s familiar playbook. That is what investors need to figure out.
Tighter Coupling, Fewer Customers
HBM is no longer a commodity memory product. Unlike traditional DRAM, which plugs into separate memory slots, HBM is packaged directly alongside the AI accelerator using advanced chip packaging. It is co-designed and qualified for a specific GPU generation, with much longer qualification cycles than commodity DRAM. Since the HBM is inseparable from the GPU package, each new accelerator generation typically brings a new generation of HBM as well.
That changes Micron’s customer mix. Instead of selling memory to hundreds of PC makers, server OEMs, and cloud providers, HBM demand is concentrated among Nvidia, AMD, and a handful of hyperscalers developing their own AI chips. The long qualification cycles work in Micron’s favor. Once a memory supplier is qualified for a GPU platform, customers are reluctant to switch because validating a new supplier can take years, not quarters. That creates higher switching costs and greater revenue visibility.
The flip side is customer concentration. A slowdown in AI infrastructure spending by even one major GPU customer or hyperscaler could have an outsized impact on Micron’s HBM revenue. In previous memory cycles, weakness in one end market was often offset by demand from others. With HBM, that cushion is much smaller.
What’s Genuinely New: Take-or-Pay Contracts
The strongest argument that this cycle could be different is something the DRAM industry has rarely had before: long-term take-or-pay agreements. Micron has signed 16 multi-year take-or-pay agreements. Once all planned agreements are finalized, the company expects more than half of its revenue to be backed by these contracts, with about 40% covered by fixed or ceiling pricing. See Micron growth and margins vs. peers
These agreements don’t eliminate risk, but they do change who bears it. They provide Micron with greater revenue visibility and reduce exposure to sudden price collapses. In return, customers commit to purchasing capacity even if market conditions weaken.
However, the protection is only partial. Roughly half of Micron’s revenue still sits outside these agreements. If AI infrastructure spending disappoints, or if future AI models become more memory-efficient than expected, pricing pressure could still emerge in the uncontracted portion of the business.
Signs of Customer Caution Are Already Emerging
Big Tech remains on track to spend more than $600 billion on capital expenditures this year. Much of that spending is flowing into AI data centers and the GPUs and HBM that power them. That said, the companies ultimately paying to use AI services could begin to show more discipline.
Tesla capped employee AI tool spending at $200 per week starting July 6. Uber, Meta, and Walmart have introduced similar limits as usage-based pricing made AI costs more visible. These are relatively small cost-saving measures, but they illustrate that companies are beginning to scrutinize AI spending rather than treating it as unlimited.
At the same time, enterprise AI adoption has proved slower than many expected. Integrating AI into existing workflows, redesigning business processes, and driving employee adoption remain significant challenges. If businesses struggle to generate attractive returns on AI investments, the pace of future infrastructure spending could eventually moderate, testing the assumption that today’s extraordinary demand for HBM will persist for years.
Opportunities like Micron highlight how individual semiconductor stocks can surge dramatically during technology transitions, but they also carry concentrated exposure to industry cycles, capacity expansion, and execution risk. A disciplined portfolio approach helps smooth these risks while still participating in long-term growth themes. The Trefis High Quality (HQ) Portfolio has consistently outperformed its market benchmark since inception, delivering cumulative returns of over 105%.

Compass Stock On Fire: Up 28% With 7-Day Winning Streak


Better Value & Growth: MU, NVDA Lead Broadcom Stock


Enova International Stock On Fire: Up 28% With 11-Day Winning Streak


Global Payments Stock Rockets 17% With 6-Day Winning Streak


Okta Stock On Fire: Up 21% With 7-Day Winning Streak


Rocket Companies Stock Surges 19%, With A 7-Day Winning Spree


Palo Alto Networks Stock Surges 23%, With A 5-Day Winning Spree


ServiceNow Stock Pulls Back to Support – Smart Entry?


Stronger Bet Than AbbVie Stock: INCY Delivers More


Own PepsiCo For Beverage Growth? Keurig Dr Pepper’s Case Is Stronger



						The Real Risk Inside Micron Stock
					



						The Toughest Questions MU Faced On Its Latest Call
					



						Better Value & Growth: MU, NVDA Lead Broadcom Stock
					



						China Is Coming For Micron’s Thick Margins
					



						How Micron Used The AI Boom To Tame Its Oldest Demon
					



						Micron Stock Redefined Its Future, But the Market Isn’t Convinced Yet
					



						Micron Stock: Let’s Talk About Those Long-Term Contracts
					



						What Is The Price Of Micron Technology’s New Profitability Floor?
					



						S&P 500 Movers | Winners: SNDK, TECH, MU | Losers: AAPL, TJX, ROST
					



						Why MU, NVDA Could Outperform Analog Devices Stock
					



						Micron Stock Is Cooling Off, But Its Business Is Running Hot
					



						S&P 500 Movers | Winners: AXON, CDW, GEHC | Losers: SNDK, MU, VRT
					

©Copyright 2026 Insight Guru Inc. All Rights Reserved.
By using the Site, you agree to be bound by our Terms of
		Use.  Financial market data powered by Quotemedia.com.
		Consensus EPS estimates are from QuoteMedia and are updated every weekday.
		All rights reserved.

		NYSE/AMEX data delayed 20 minutes.  NASDAQ and other
		data delayed 15 minutes unless indicated.
		"
32,2026-07-08,"Investing

							IEMG attracted $22 billion in new investor money over 12 months, a figure more than double VWO's inflows, and returned 33% versus VWO's 20%.													

							South Korea's MSCI emerging market status puts Samsung and SK Hynix in IEMG's top 3 holdings, while VWO excludes both entirely.													

							The KOSPI's 10% drop over the past month has erased IEMG's earlier edge, with VWO now returning 1.6% versus IEMG's 1.1%.													

Don't wait: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just revealed his top 10 AI stocks. See the full list FREE now.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© K.unshu / Shutterstock.com

International investing has spent years playing second fiddle to the U.S. stock market. That is changing. As investors look beyond a handful of mega-cap technology stocks, capital is flowing into emerging markets at a pace not seen in years. 
Fund assets are climbing to record levels, performance has improved, and interest in artificial intelligence has expanded beyond Silicon Valley. Yet not all emerging markets ETFs are built the same. A single index decision has created a widening performance gap that every investor should understand before adding one of these funds to a portfolio.
According to Bloomberg data, investors have poured money into emerging markets at a remarkable pace over the past year. The iShares Core MSCI Emerging Markets ETF (NYSEARCA:IEMG) now manages a record $160 billion in assets under management, while the Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets ETF (NYSEARCA:VWO) has climbed to a record $120 billion.
The growth has been striking.
Bloomberg data shows IEMG attracted $22 billion in new investor money over the last 12 months — more than double VWO’s inflows. That helps explain why its assets have nearly doubled despite both funds already managing enormous portfolios.
Let’s look at why investors have favored one fund over the other.
The biggest distinction between these ETFs is surprisingly simple: South Korea.
MSCI still classifies South Korea as an emerging market, while FTSE Russell considers it a developed market. That means IEMG owns large South Korean companies, while VWO largely excludes them. Samsung and SK hynix are the second and third largest positions, respectively, in IEMG’s portfolio; not a single South Korean company appears in VWO’s top 10.
That classification mattered because South Korea became one of the biggest beneficiaries of the global AI spending boom. Chipmakers and technology suppliers tied to artificial intelligence helped lift IEMG to a 33% return over the past year, comfortably ahead of VWO’s 20%, which matched the S&P 500.
It is a reminder that investors should always read the fund methodology — not just the name on the label. Two ETFs tracking “emerging markets” can produce very different portfolios and returns.
Granted, concentration works both ways. South Korea’s KOSPI Index has dropped more than 10% over the past month, erasing much of IEMG’s earlier advantage. During that period, VWO has gained 1.6%, compared with 1.1% for IEMG and approximately 1.0% for the S&P 500.
That reversal illustrates an important investing lesson. A heavier allocation to the market’s hottest region can produce stronger returns while momentum lasts. When leadership changes, however, those same positions can become a headwind.
Ironically, the feature that made IEMG the better-performing fund over the last year has recently become its biggest drag.
In short, record inflows into emerging markets suggest investors are becoming more optimistic about international growth opportunities. That trend deserves attention, but it is not a reason to buy the first ETF with “emerging markets” in its name.
The numbers show that index construction matters. MSCI’s inclusion of South Korea helped IEMG outperform over the last year, but recent weakness in the KOSPI has shown how quickly that advantage can disappear.
Ultimately, investors should choose the ETF that matches their investment thesis — not simply the one with the strongest recent returns. Understanding what an index owns can be just as important as deciding to invest in emerging markets in the first place.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
After two decades of patrolling the dark corners of suburbia as a police officer, Rich Duprey hung up his badge and gun to begin writing full time about stocks and investing. For the past 20 years he’s been cruising the markets looking for companies to lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio while writing extensively on the broad sectors of consumer goods, technology, and industrials. Because his experience isn’t from the typical financial analyst track, Rich is able to break down complex topics into understandable and useful action points for the average investor. His writings have appeared on The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, Yahoo! Finance, and Money Morning. He has been featured in both U.S. and international publications, including MarketWatch, Financial Times, Forbes, Fast Company, and USA Today.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
The S&P 500 is up about 8% year to date. The same money parked in iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ex…
The iShares Core MSCI Emerging Markets ETF (NYSEARCA:IEMG) delivered a 34% return over the past year, crushing the S&P 500’s…
Emerging markets spent most of the last decade as the asset class everyone owned a little of and complained about…
Emerging-market equities have delivered a sharp move higher over the past year, and the three largest vehicles investors use to…
If you hold iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF (NYSEARCA:EEM), BlackRock skims 0.69% of your account every year before you see…
The S&P 500 is down 1.6% so far in 2026. Meanwhile, emerging markets are up sharply, developed international markets are…
If you bought Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets ETF (NYSEARCA:VWO) thinking you owned a slice of every major developing economy, you…
South Korea’s KOSPI delivered one of the strongest runs among major equity markets over the past year, yet almost no…
Investing in emerging markets was a good strategy in 2010. This year, however, many countries are confronting inflation, appreciating currencies,…"
33,2026-07-08,"YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    Samsung's wide foldable just got its first detailed specs leak
                                

                                    Samsung's Galaxy Glasses leak reveals how the whole Galaxy ecosystem comes together
                                

                                    Galaxy Z Fold 8 looks pricier in these rumors, which isn't shocking in the least
                                
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
A unique earbud design for sure, and even more interesting audio.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Rumors have surfaced again about a set of ""bone conduction"" earbuds that Samsung is developing.
Tipster evowizz on X posted a short claim about a unique pair of earbuds Samsung allegedly has in the works (via SamMobile). Their post claims that the previously rumored ""Galaxy Buds Able"" title has been replaced with ""Galaxy Buds On."" The publication adds that they bear the model number SM-U600 internally for Samsung.
The number reportedly swaps ""R"" for ""U,"" the latter of which is typically used to identify new earbuds from the brand.
The situation progresses with another round of leaks from SammyGuru. According to its post, the publication discovered ""Galaxy Able"" listed in Samsung's Wearables app code beneath the Galaxy Buds 4 Pro. What's more, the post highlights a ""samsung.accessory"" string that may suggest full integration for the buds across Samsung's software. This has speculation leaning to one side, but nothing's confirmed yet.
Now and then, rumors will conflict like this. It's best to take what's been said here with a grain of salt for the time being.
 



To make sense of this, we'll have to walk things back to April when rumors of ""bone conduction"" earbuds surfaced. At the time, the name ""Galaxy Buds Able"" led the way with an open-ear or ""clip-on"" design. It was said that these earbuds would clip onto a person's ear, sending vibrations through their bones to produce sound. Clearly, this is a departure from earbuds we're used to seeing and using that sit in-ear (or even traditional open-earbuds.
The model number that SamMobile mentioned in this recent leak was cited before. Prior reports added that the ""U"" is typically reserved for U.S. product releases, but this model number changes things. The vibrancy or richness of audio has also been called into question. If these buds rely on bone conduction and not more traditional methods, their bass could suffer as a result.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
These buds already sounded interesting before, but the idea isn't that wild or unique to Samsung. Other brands have gone this route before, and could be seen as another earbud alternative, like anything else on the market. I'm still holding back, since there's nothing else about these buds. No hardware specifications, no charging case, nothing. For now, I'll wait.
Nickolas is always excited about tech and getting his hands on it. Writing for him can vary from delivering the latest tech story to scribbling in his journal. When Nickolas isn't hitting a story, he's often grinding away at a game or chilling with a book in his hand.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
34,2026-07-08,"
    Meta's aware that its camera glasses are making people worried. A new update aims to prevent tampering with the recording light. But even more is needed.
    
Meta's new tamper-aware firmware update for its smart glasses should prevent deactivating the LED light, but the proposition of smart glasses still needs a lot more privacy improvements.
There's been a lot of social blowback against camera-enabled smart glasses this year, particularly those from Facebook-maker Meta. A post on Tuesday from the company addresses privacy concerns raised by me and others over the last year, and there's also a new mandatory firmware update for some Meta glasses that promises to deactivate the camera if any tampering of the small recording LED light is detected.
That's actually been a thing: There have been services that would mod and deactivate the recording light on the glasses, turning them into even more stealthy recording devices. Meta's post promises that this update will end the problem of recording people without their knowledge.
But Meta hasn't yet solved any of the other issues with camera smart glasses, including concerns about how or when the glasses might be recording in public. The LED camera indicator on existing glasses is more than phones offer, but the indicator light is often hard to spot in daylight, and Meta's smart glasses are so normal-looking now that it's hard to tell they have cameras at all.
A wave of bans on smart glasses in certain places, such as New York courtrooms and parts of cruise ships, has already begun. Public policies on glasses are likely to get more intense. Some glasses-makers are offering camera lens covers, and Meta's Andrew Bosworth admitted during a Meta glasses launch a few weeks ago that he's interested in making camera-free glasses down the road.
Me wearing prototype Meta Orion AR glasses a few years ago. Meta's aiming to ramp up what its glasses can do, including camera-based AI assistance.
Meanwhile, Meta's own privacy policies for how photos and AI voice interactions are handled in the Meta AI app that's used to connect with glasses are still murky. Meta tries in its latest post to lay out clearly how personal photos aren't shared with Meta's cloud services by default, but it's still easy to use the glasses to analyze photos with AI in ways that would end up cloud-sharing important information. 
The challenges are only going to expand. Right now, the batteries in Meta's glasses can't handle continuous recording for more than an hour or so, but the Financial Times reports the company is trying to develop future ""super sensing"" glasses that record more often for longer periods of time. Based on where Qualcomm's existing wearable chipsets are heading, with better battery life and AI performance, that's exactly where future smart glasses are heading. Many of these devices want to be wearable extensions of our memory, and that means staying on even longer. Meta's Orion prototype AR glasses I tried a few years ago are a sign of those ambitions.
Meta is also expected to introduce facial recognition tech into its glasses, a capability I saw demoed on TCL glasses with Qualcomm chips just a few weeks ago.
And also, Meta's own rules on privacy and AI keep shifting, often suddenly: take for example Meta's new AI image tools that can deepfake anyone's Instagram account selfie.
As Google and likely Apple enter this market soon, it's a privacy question that needs to be handled now. And it won't just be on glasses. More constantly recording pins, pendants, watches and other devices hooked into AI are emerging seemingly every day. I've worn many of them. Augmented reality devices, like Snap's upcoming Specs glasses, will have these types of camera-enabled AI sensing features too, to layer experiences realistically onto the world around us.
And while Meta's glasses don't actually record all the time now as much as people think they do, odds are they will soon. We can't wait for glasses to truly develop that type of always-on, AI-enabled, super-sensing function for these privacy concerns to be better addressed."
35,2026-07-08,"The memory trade seemed unstoppable, until it wasn't.
Memory chip stocks have been the hottest trade for much of this year. SanDisk has crushed the S&P 500, with its staggering 764% increase making it the market's top performer in the first half. The Roundhill Memory ETF, a fund tracking other memory names, soared as much as 190% since its inception in April.
To be sure, the trade is still handily beating the broader market, but the party looks to be taking a breather for now. High-flying memory shares fell deeper into a bear market this week, with the Roundhill Memory ETF down 25% from its peak in late June.
SanDisk and Western Digital Corp, some of the biggest gainers in the first half of the year, also slid deeper into the red this week before rebounding slightly on Wednesday.
The drop marks an abrupt pause for one of the market's hottest trades. The broader chip trade is also down, though less than the memory segment. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index is down 12% in five days.
Here are some of the biggest losses in the memory sector:
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
The latest round of selling appeared to be triggered by Samsung, which reported blockbuster earnings for the second quarter this week.
Despite record revenue, the results barely cleared the high bar set by investors, who dumped shares of the electronics maker. The reaction was also a sign that the market sees booming profits as a potential warning that companies are overspending on the AI buildout, Jose Torres, a senior economist at Interactive Brokers, told Business Insider.
Samsung, Micron, and SK Hynix are bellwethers for the memory trade in particular, Torres added, as their profits are emblematic of high costs tech firms are in order to get ahead in the AI race.
""Then also you have the complaints from the memory chip prices of firms saying that those prices have to come down. They're way too elevated. So that's part of the rotation,"" Torres added, pointing to how traders are also cognizant of high valuations in the memory space.
Profit-taking appeared to pick up steam early Wednesday, partly due to expectations for hotter inflation and higher interest rates, which have fueled a broader market decline. President Donald Trump declared the ceasefire with Iran over on Wednesday, leading oil prices and inflationary concerns to spike.
The 10-year US Treasury yield rose further past the key 4.5% mark, while the 30-year Treasury yield edged up to past 5.07%.
""It's hard to find a lot of dip buying when you have interest rates jumping like that,"" Torres added.
Some Wall Street forecasters said the latest pullback in chip and memory stocks represents a buying opportunity.
Memory stocks still have an ""exceptional fundamental story,"" despite the ongoing volatility in the sector, strategists on JPMorgan's markets intelligence desk wrote on Wednesday.
""Positioning was already below neutral, and while not flashing a Buy Signal, we are closer after yesterday's price action,"" the bank wrote.
""We remain strongly bullish across the memory complex,"" Luke Lango, a tech strategist at Navellier & Associates, wrote in a note, adding that the technical and fundamental backdrop for memory stocks was still ""about as favorable as statistical evidence gets.""
The bear-market slide comes at a particularly awkward time for Korean chip giant, SK Hynix, which is expected to offer $29 billion of American depositary receipts to US investors later this week. The offering would mark the third largest stock sale ever, behind Saudi Aramco and SpaceX.
Despite the shakiness in the memory trade, the ADR issuance is expected to be ""very oversubscribed,"" David Morrison, a senior market analyst at Trade Nation, wrote in a note on Wednesday.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
36,2026-07-08,"Memory stocks are in a bear market, but the Magnificent Seven are back on the offense — leading the market higher once again."
37,2026-07-08,"Hot South Korean chip stock SK Hynix tumbled on Wednesday as a selloff in AI semiconductor shares overshadowed investor enthusiasm ahead of the memory giant's Nasdaq debut later this week.
The stock fell alongside semiconductor peers, including Samsung Electronics, despite demand for SK Hynix's upcoming US listing, which is multiple times oversubscribed, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday.
SK Hynix stock closed 5.7% lower while Samsung Electronics ended the day 6.3% down. The losses in the index heavyweights dragged South Korea's Kospi index down 5.4%.
The volatile trading in South Korean equities reflected a broader risk-off mood as investors digested heightened US-Iran tensions and Washington's decision to revoke a waiver allowing new Iranian oil sales.
Japan's Nikkei 225 closed 2.1% lower while oil futures jumped over 3% as of 2.49 a.m. ET.
The losses came after a bruising day in the US chip trade on Tuesday that sent the Philadelphia Semiconductor Sector Index down 5% after its best quarter ever.
The market moves underscore how quickly sentiment has shifted for AI stocks. The change comes even as SK Hynix remains one of the biggest beneficiaries of the boom, thanks to its dominance in high-bandwidth memory chips used in Nvidia's AI processors. SK Hynix shares are still up over 200% this year.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Even with the short-term volatility, analysts say the company's planned US listing still makes strategic sense.
""A US listing can broaden the investor base, improve liquidity and potentially narrow valuation gaps with US semiconductor peers,"" wrote Charu Chanana, the chief investment strategist at Saxo, on Wednesday.
But the timing is testing investor appetite amid growing doubts over the enormous capital being poured into AI infrastructure.
""It brings a large new block of AI-linked equity supply to market just as investors are questioning whether AI infrastructure stocks have run too far,"" Chanana said.
She added that investors are now grappling with the industry's next phase.
""That is the key tension for investors. The very reason the sector is attractive today — tight supply and strong pricing — is also encouraging the next wave of capacity, she wrote.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
38,2026-07-08,"Connect with execs from Axios, The New York Times, Paramount and more.
Criteo is the subject of a takeover approach, in yet another twist in the “will they, won’t they?” fate of the France-founded ad tech firm, which recently relocated its commercial base to Luxembourg, sparking further merger-and-acquisition speculation.
According to media reports, the recently submitted bid from private equity firms Vista Equity Partners and Quinti Capital jointly values the ad tech company at more than $50 per share, citing people familiar with the matter, boosting the company’s market capitalization, which fell 23% year-over-year prior to the speculation, to above $1 billion.
The offer represents a premium of more than 50% to Criteo’s recent share price and values the company at approximately $3.7 billion on an equity basis, per the initial Bloomberg report. Reuters subsequently reported that Criteo’s board has yet to respond to the proposal, while the bidders are said to view the company’s AI capabilities as an opportunity to expand retailers’ and advertisers’ use of its platform.
The name Vista Equity Partners will ring a bell with experienced observers of the sector, with the PE firm shelling out a reported $1.4 billion for TripleLift in 2021, and the same firm holding a significant stake in Integral Ad Science, although it completely exited its IAS stake after Novacap took IAS private last year (see above).Incidentally, IAS announced a shakeup of its C-suite this week, with Lisa Utzschneider ending her seven-and-a-half-year run at the helm of the ad verification firm, making way for former Slack and Bumble chief executive Lidian Jones, who takes the role as CEO, effective immediately.
Takeover speculation for Criteo is hardly new, with speculation over a potential take-private bid circling for three-plus years, with names such as Microsoft, Walmart, and The Trade Desk all being thrown into the mix in that time; a period that has seen it switch up its leadership, with CEO Michael Komasinski taking the reins in early 2025.
As mentioned, Criteo’s stock has experienced mixed fortunes in that time, even though its long-looming Sword of Damocles, i.e., Google’s third-party cookie deliberations, has receded, and it was the first ad tech company to announce a partnership with OpenAI’s ChatGPT. So, the question remains, just where do PE firms see untapped value?
Looking at Criteo’s Q1 earnings report, which posted a 6% year-over-year revenue decline, although leadership forecast a return to growth by the end of the year, along with the news that two major retail media clients would soon reduce their use of the platform. Executives were quizzed on whether Criteo’s (much-trumpeted) self-serve AI workflows would reduce agencies’ operational dependence on Criteo, potentially compressing take-rates, by equities analysts who (by-and-large) assessed Criteo as underperforming its peer set.
In the wake of the initial reports, Matt Barash, chief commercial officer at Nova Studio — itself an ad tech firm backed by PE firm Fort Point Capital — took to LinkedIn to note that public markets typically view ad tech stocks as vulnerable to “cyclical advertising exposure, rather than durable software platforms.” However, he pointed to Walmart’s recent $1.4 billion purchase of Vibe.co (see above), a company that specializes in onboarding SME advertisers to the burgeoning CTV sector, as an alternative way to assess the long-term growth of ad tech firms.
Speaking at an event hosted by IAB Europe this week, industry analyst Ian Whittaker, managing director of Sky Liberty Advisors, noted how the continued growth of digital advertising could potentially be (partially) attributed to the interest of such firms, noting the public markets’ risk-aversion, whereas PE firms can view ad tech as a “risk-reduction” tool. “In the public markets, you’ll get paid for growth, but funnily enough, what you get paid more for is risk-reduction,” he said during a Q&A session with attendees.
Diving deeper into Criteo’s most recent earnings report, the ad tech firm could similarly be viewed as a retail media platform for long-tail retailers; management was quick to point out that it has relationships with approximately 235 leading retailers globally, thus differentiating it from platforms such as Amazon Advertising or Walmart Connect.
During the past year, Criteo has been rolling out and simplifying its strategy to further win over such marketers by unifying its offerings into a single, easy‑to‑buy “Go” brand that behaves like a demand-side platform, without necessarily calling it one, using Criteo’s retail signals and making much of its AI investments to optimize performance across channels, including the open web, CTV, and social channels from one place.
Similarly, it’s targeting large agency groups by designing its platform to plug into their emerging agentic ad stacks to help with campaign reporting, creative, and campaign management, with the aim of breaking siloed budgets (i.e., search, social, and open web), with a view to pulling them into Go. 
Speaking recently with Digiday, Todd Parsons, chief product officer, Criteo, compared Go directly against Google Performance Max and Meta Advantage+, as well as smaller self‑serve/performance players like AppLovin, RTB House, noting its USP as its independence (compared to walled garden players) and ability to offer dynamic budget allocation across channels based on outcomes. 
“Across all of our products, we’re trying to use that pattern of more AI development with smaller, discrete products,” he said, “more public APIs for those so that products like this can basically use AI tools to get done faster.” 
Bandit’s focus on core running communities has helped it grow enough to start expanding outward.
Top CMOs are assembling armies of creators, but many lack the infrastructure required to get the most out of them. A deal between Dentsu and Meta aims to fix that problem.
The global podcaster sat down with Digiday during her first-ever Cannes Lions — an event she now knows holds real value.
Get access to tools and analysis to stay ahead of the trends transforming media and marketing
Visit your account page to make changes and renew.
Get Digiday's top stories every morning in your email inbox.
Follow @Digiday for the latest news, insider access to events and more."
39,2026-07-08,"ByAntonio Pequeño IV,
Forbes Staff.
Meta edged past Tesla in market value Wednesday—not because Meta's stock rose, but because Tesla's fell harder—setting up Meta’s earnings report later this month as a test of whether the tech giant’s big spending on artificial intelligence is paying off.
Meta’s total market value crossed above Tesla’s on Wednesday, with Meta shares trading at $605.16 as of 1:25 p.m. EDT—giving the company a market value of over $1.5 trillion.
Meta shares were down 1.7% on the day even as the milestone was reached, while Tesla's stock slid over 2.3%, handing Meta the lead in market value by default rather than through any gain of its own.
Meta has traded between $520.26 and $796.25 since last July and is now roughly around the middle of that range, well below the peak it reached last year.
BNP Paribas analyst Nick Jones told Benzinga that Meta investors looking toward the company’s earnings report this month will likely focus on how much the company is spending to build AI products and whether a planned cloud computing business—selling spare computing power to outside companies—can become a meaningful new revenue source.
Meta’s next earnings report on July 29 will allow management to address how much it plans to spend on AI infrastructure in the second half of the year and whether its fledgling cloud computing business has any paying customers yet. Tesla will also face its own test on July 22, when the carmaker’s latest earnings will be published.
12.3%. That is how much Tesla shares have fallen since the start of the year, when they traded around the $438 mark. Meta shares have dropped 8.5% in that same period.
Meta’s stock has dropped close to 25% from the all-time high of $796.25 it reached in August. A global tech rout gripped the market last month amid concerns a massive spike in AI spending may not translate to proportional revenue. Companies like Tesla, Nvidia, Intel, AMD and Broadcom suffered losses. However, some optimism remains around the industry. Erste Group upgraded Meta on Tuesday while Wells Fargo raised its price target to $767 on July 2, citing another quarter of robust ad growth. Tesla’s slide, meanwhile, has its own critics, with analysts at Seeking Alpha pointing to four consecutive years of stagnant vehicle sales and growing competition from Chinese electric-vehicle makers as reasons the stock's valuation looks hard to justify. Tesla shares have fallen roughly 21% since they recorded an all-time high in December.
Global Tech Rout—Nvidia, Tesla, More—Hits Markets: Here’s What Fueled The Selloff (Forbes)"
40,2026-07-08,"Investing

							Micron dropped 18% in a single week despite record earnings, and SK Hynix's $28B listing threatens NVIDIA multiples if institutions liquidate both to fund allocations.													

							Rivian's collapse from $100 to $16, an 83% decline, illustrates Cramer's warning that capital-hungry stocks absorb the sharpest punishment during mega-IPO liquidity events.													

Don't wait: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just revealed his top 10 AI stocks. See the full list FREE now.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Kim Min-Hee-Pool / Getty Images
CNBC’s Jim Cramer has spent much of 2026 warning that the stock market’s biggest short-term risk lies in the ever building IPO pipeline. His concern boils down to a simple analysis pulled from a recent social post: “We have to be careful.”
The immediate trigger is SK Hynix’s roughly $28 billion American Depositary Receipts (ADR) upcoming listing on the NASDAQ, which would rank as the No. 2 equity share sale on the planet, second only to SpaceX. Cramer’s broader argument, laid out on Mad Money in April, comes down to liquidity, warning “a bull [market] can also be killed by excess supply” when too much capital is pulled into a handful of mega deals at once.
That framework applied to OpenAI, SpaceX, and Anthropic in the spring. It now applies to a memory-chip supplier central to the AI infrastructure trade.
SK Hynix is the lead high-bandwidth memory supplier to NVIDIA and the single largest industry peer to Micron in high-bandwidth memory (HBM), an established cash-generative franchise, not a speculative growth bet. A listing near $28 billion demands institutional capital that must come from somewhere, most likely the stocks already levered to the same AI theme, thereby spreading the allocations thin.
Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU | MU Price Prediction) is the cleanest US-listed way to own the HBM cycle, and shares are already reacting to the crowded field. Shares closed at $938.38 on July 7, down 10.82% in a single week. Investors and traders ignored fiscal Q3 revenue hitting $41.456 billion, up 345.72% year over year, with non-GAAP EPS of $25.11 and GAAP gross margin of 84.6%.
CEO Sanjay Mehrotra said, “Micron’s record fiscal Q3 financial results and even stronger outlook for Q4 reflect the strategic value of memory in the AI era.” Guidance for Q4 calls for revenue of $50.0 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $31.00, disclosed in the June 24 8-K press release.
Retail sentiment on Reddit remains bullish despite the drop, with one r/stockmarket thread arguing “This isn’t a memory cycle anymore, and SK Hynix hitting US markets is the next leg”. Institutions appear less sanguine. The Polymarket weekly distribution places the highest probability (0.44) on MU touching $840, well below the Wall Street analyst target of $1,486 across 40 buy ratings.
NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) sits on the other side of the HBM equation as SK Hynix’s “largest memory partner,” per Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang. First-quarter fiscal 2027 revenue reached $81.61 billion, up 85.2% year over year, with Data Center revenue of $75.25 billion. Huang framed the moment as “the largest infrastructure expansion in human history.” The stock has been range-bound, up 6.4% year to date and down 1% over the past month to below the $200-per-share threshold. A capital event that ties up institutional balance sheets in the memory-chip supplier NVIDIA depends on could compress multiples on the customer as well.
Cramer’s warning extends past the semiconductor complex. Take EV maker Rivian. Its IPO priced at a valuation the market could not sustain, and the stock has never quite recovered. Rivian (NASDAQ:RIVN) still trades at $16.09, down 83.63% from its November 2021 debut price of $100.73. Fundamentals remain stretched. Q1 FY2026 showed $1.38 billion revenue, a $416 million GAAP net loss, and adjusted EBITDA of negative $472 million, with operating margin at -63.8% and EBITDA of -$3.03 billion over the past 12 month stretch.
Meanwhile, Reddit sentiment for RIVN is predominantly bearish, with short interest at 150,288,550 shares, or 18.87% of float, and a short interest ratio of 2.76 days to cover, and an active thread on a 75 million share offer drawing 619 upvotes.
Cramer’s point: the bull runs on money. When one deal absorbs enough of it, pressure shows up first in stocks requiring the most future funding. Readers interested in positioning around this dynamic can review The Breakout Buyer’s Rulebook, which addresses timing risks around major listings.
The ADR pricing window, greenshoe size, and first-week float behavior on the SK Hynix listing will signal immediate impact. If institutional investors sell Micron to fund SK Hynix allocations, the peer read-through will be measurable in days. If NVIDIA holds while the memory complex churns, the customer trade stays intact. If capital-consumptive names like Rivian widen their discount to book, the “risk beyond memory stocks” thesis is playing out in real time.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Gerelyn Terzo is the author of dividend investing handbook ""Dividend Investing Strategies: How to Have Your Cake & Eat It Too."" A veteran financial journalist, she covers agri-finance for outlets like Global AgInvesting and the broader stock market and personal finance for 24/7 Wall Street. She began at CNBC and later helped launch Fox Business in New York. Gerelyn currently resides in Woodland Park, Colorado and dabbles in nature photography as a hobby.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Jim Cramer went on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street Tuesday morning to defend the memory names getting hammered after South…
Micron Technology (NASDAQ: MU | MU Price Prediction) just posted one of the most impressive quarters in semiconductor history. Earnings…
SK Hynix, the world’s second-largest memory-chip maker, is coming to the NASDAQ on Friday with the largest stock sale anyone…
The story rippling through memory stocks this week began on CNBC’s Fast Money on June 29, where the panel dug…
Asia’s markets open a pivotal week with one question hanging over the semiconductor tape: how durable is the memory trade?…
The iShares MSCI South Korea ETF (NYSEARCA:EWY) is up 80% year-to-date and about 200% over the past year, which is…
The artificial intelligence boom has created winners across the semiconductor industry, but few areas have benefited more recently than memory…
Here’s a fact that might shock you: the iShares MSCI South Korea ETF (NYSEARCA:EWY) has ripped 303.3% higher in U.S.…
Shares of Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU | MU Price Prediction) are changing hands around $480 midday Thursday, off 2% on the…"
41,2026-07-08,"Your browser does not support the video element.
Your browser does not support the video element.
AI has upended what it means to be a software engineer. It's also changing how you become one.
Before the AI boom, software engineering interviews revolved around writing code from memory, solving algorithmic puzzles, and demonstrating technical speed under pressure.
Today, CEOs are scouring GitHub and X for undiscovered talent, encouraging candidates to use AI during interview rounds, and increasingly hiring for judgment and taste.
For the millions of software engineers around the world, it means navigating a radically different job market from just a few years ago.
Le'ale Addison, a recent computer science graduate who interned at Amazon and KPMG before landing a technology internship at packaging company Smurfit Westrock, has experienced this transformation firsthand.
Two years ago, the 22-year-old said she was required to share her screen during technical assessments to ensure she wasn't cheating. By her senior year, Addison said she could openly use AI or Google to search for responses in real time.
During her most recent job search a few months ago, employers peppered the interviews with questions about AI: How familiar was she with machine learning? What about natural language processing? How was she using AI in her current workflow — and how would she use it on the new job?
Try a
                                Level Up action pack.
Build a calm, realistic plan to recover from job loss and move toward your next role.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
""Those questions weren't previously asked,"" Addison said.
Addison's experience reflects a broader recalibration playing out across the tech world, with companies like Dropbox and Cisco asking engineers to prove their AI skills during the hiring process.
""The Great Coding Reset"" has explored the months when coding changed forever, how new tools are creating a productivity paradox, and the AI-era office power struggles.
We spoke to software engineers to find out how the pace of change is creating workplace paralysis, and heard from developers who are embracing — and rejecting — AI coding.
Get the next story in the series in your inbox.
Those looking to break into an industry in flux or find their next opportunity face a competitive market. While hiring is up, 74% of developers are struggling to land jobs, according to a 2025 report from HackerRank.
Business Insider spoke to tech companies, AI startups, and career coaches to answer one overarching question: What does it take to get a coding job when AI is writing most of the code?
Big Tech firms, including Google and Meta, have been battling it out for top AI engineering talent, offering eye-watering compensation and access to compute.
Meanwhile, startups have gotten creative to woo potential hires. Executives at AI coding startups Cognition, Base44, and Replit say they regularly scout engineers by trawling X posts and GitHub pages, two platforms where engineers post their latest projects to be lauded — or picked apart — by peers.
At Replit, X is quickly becoming a ""main medium"" for recruiting, said the company's chief people officer, Stacey La Torre. They're getting rank-and-file employees in on the hunt, too.
""We have a Slack channel called 'Talent Spot' for people to basically say, 'Hey, I connected with this person on LinkedIn, or I met them at a conference or on X,"" La Torre said.
Emily Cohen, Cognition's head of people and operations, said that every employee at the company sees finding talent as part of their responsibility and that she has flown all over the world herself to convince good engineers to join the startup.
""Just last week I drove a candidate to the airport because I wanted to be the last person they talked to before they left San Francisco,"" Cohen told Business Insider.
It's not just where companies are finding talent. Vibe coding has changed how employers conduct interviews — and what they want to hear from candidates.
LeetCode, an online platform used to evaluate candidates' skills, was once a rite of passage for candidates. Now, it's just the first hurdle, if it's included at all.
Xavier Contreras, a New York City-based head of data engineering at a hedge fund, has been building, designing, and maintaining systems for about a decade. His most recent job search, he said, looked vastly different from the ones he went through five or six years ago.
Back then, interviews revolved around coding challenges, he said. In his most recent job search, he was asked to walk interviewers through his reasoning, such as explaining the architecture behind projects he's built or defending technical decisions. When he was given take-home assignments, he was allowed to use AI for work that would have previously taken a month. With AI, the expected timeline was three days.
Now that AI can do more of the grunt work, employers want to know that their workers understand what the tech is doing — and can correct it when it goes off-course.
The most valuable technical skills today are systems thinking, problem solving, and the ability to operate new agentic systems quickly, said LinkedIn's head of global talent acquisition, Erin Scruggs.
""Companies need people who can translate complexity, make decisions about how systems should behave, and lead teams through rapid technological change,"" Scruggs said.
That's leading some companies to assign tests that offer a broader view of a candidate's skill set. Scott McGuckin, VP of global talent acquisition at Cisco, said the company is moving from technical coding challenges to project-based exercises. The company is also integrating AI-assisted development environments into interviews to observe how candidates operate in an AI-enabled workflow.
""The human element of oversight and expertise is more crucial than ever,"" he said.
The shift toward AI-assisted hiring tests doesn't mean technical rigor is no longer important. Sundeep Teki, a career coach who helps place talent at frontier AI labs, said that for roles at coveted companies like OpenAI and Anthropic, the technical bar is constantly evolving and getting higher.
In addition to the technical know-how, AI savviness, and soft skills required to excel at the job, companies are placing greater value on culture fit. He said that Anthropic, for example, includes a dedicated non-technical culture interview for every role. He said that if a candidate doesn't seem to gel with the company's mission, they often won't make the cut.
Another way to tell if someone is a fit for your team's culture? Ask them to start doing the work.
Work trials, where candidates show up in person and work with their prospective team, are becoming more popular. AI coding startups like Lovable, Cursor, and Kilo all conduct trials as a way for both candidate and company to see if it's a good fit.
""You will meet us all in Amsterdam and start in person, and you're expected to be shipping product that features the next day,"" CEO Scott Breitenother said about Kilo's latest overseas bootcamp. ""A lot of folks will take PTO off their current job, come to work with Kilo for our focus week, and then if they make the cut, they'll quit their job.""
Part of the reason the hiring process looks different is because the jobs themselves have changed. In the age of AI, where many aspects of a developer's traditional work have been automated, technical roles are blending, and employers are looking for candidates with a broader, more versatile skill set — a jack-of-all-trades who can adapt across functions.
Contreras, the hedge fund data engineer, said that software engineering, data analytics, and data science have all moved under the same umbrella. That means different skillsets are needed to get the job — and to retain it.
""They want to hire one person to do the role of three,"" Contreras said.
While employers seem to be continually refining what they're looking for, companies are searching for what Contreras calls ""data unicorns.""
""It's a lot more hectic,"" he said. ""There's just so much more information to know now.""
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
42,2026-07-08,Chip stocks trimmed losses on Wednesday despite a decline in the overall market.
43,2026-07-08,"Long before the McLaren F1 rewrote the rules for road-going supercars in the 1990s, Bruce McLaren had already built one himself. It was called the M6GT, a road-legal version of his dominant M6A Can-Am racer, meant to launch a run of fifty examples before his death in 1970 stopped the project at three prototypes. McLaren Special Operations has now completed the car Bruce never finished, using the original body molds, archival drawings, and a chassis pulled from a period M6A racer itself. Power comes from a period-correct 5.7-liter small-block Chevrolet V8 with the original double ""camel hump"" cylinder heads, producing around 370 horsepower, routed through a five-speed manual shifted with a hand-turned solid walnut knob. The exterior is finished in Colnbrook White, named for the factory near Heathrow where Bruce first sketched the car, while the cabin is upholstered in green to match the livery of the 1966 M2B, McLaren's first Formula 1 car. Even the rivets holding the aluminum body together needed imperial-sized tools, since the U.K. abandoned imperial measurements not long after the original M6GT was built. The car makes its public debut this month at the Goodwood Festival of Speed, the same circuit where Bruce McLaren died in 1970 testing another one of his race cars.
One of just 80 built, this rear-drive supercar traded all-wheel drive for a purer connection. $1,950,000+.

Read More  or  Bid at Bonhams

Tuned by the man who ran Ferrari's race program, the road-legal F40 that outran an F40 LM. $3,650,000+.

Read More  or  Bid at RM Sothebys

Before running shoes became lifestyle staples, they were built with one purpose: logging miles. Nike revisits that era with the P-6000, a silhouette inspired by the Pegasus 25 and Pegasus 2006 that brings early-2000s running design back into everyday rotation. Layered mesh, genuine leather, and synthetic overlays create the technical look that defined the period, while a foam midsole delivers the comfort expected from a modern sneaker. Underfoot, a durable rubber outsole provides dependable traction whether navigating city streets, airport terminals, or weekend coffee runs. The P-6000 captures the grit of early performance footwear while fitting naturally into today's wardrobe.
Presented by Nike.
Presented by Nike.

Buy from Nike

The HairMax Ultima 12 LaserComb is a drug-free, FDA-cleared device that uses low-level laser therapy to stimulate hair follicles and promote regrowth. In just 8 minutes per session, three times a week, it's built for ease of use while delivering fuller, denser results over time. Clinical studies suggest LLLT devices like this can improve hair thickness when used consistently.
Presented by Hairmax.
Presented by Hairmax.

Buy from Amazon

A modern GT40 successor built on an Audi platform, with twin superchargers and a manual gearbox.

Read More  or  Inquire at Cape Advanced Vehicles

This Ferrari raced a DC-3 across Kenya long before Eric Clapton ever got his hands on it. $3,900,000+.

Read More  or  Bid at Fiskens

Theon Design answers the horsepower arms race with a 2,526-pound carbon-bodied 964 restomod.

Read More  or  Learn More at Theon

A Dutch-built Ferrari 308 GTB restomod honoring the Michelotto rally cars, limited to 10 builds.

Read More  or  Buy from Maturo

Fresh flowers rarely last as long as the occasion they celebrate. Lasting Brilliance offers a more permanent alternative with real blooms preserved to maintain their color, softness, and shape for up to three years, all without water or maintenance. Each arrangement is designed to function as home decor rather than a fleeting centerpiece, bringing lasting color to coffee tables, kitchens, entryways, and guest rooms. The collection is especially well suited for summer entertaining, whether as a thoughtful hostess or housewarming gift, a post-weekend thank-you, or an effortless seasonal refresh. Founded by a new mom looking for an alternative to constantly replacing wilted bouquets, the women-owned brand transforms fresh flowers into enduring arrangements that arrive ready to display and continue making an impression long after the gathering ends. Enjoy 15% off with code JULYFIRST.
Presented by Lasting Brilliance.
Presented by Lasting Brilliance.

Buy from Lasting Brilliance

Summer tends to compress family life into a constant rotation of drop-offs, pick-ups, road trips, and weekend tournaments, and Thrive Market positions itself as the quiet infrastructure behind it all. The members-only marketplace focuses on bulk, better-for-you essentials that make it easier to stay stocked without the last-minute scramble, from organic granola bars and nut butter pouches to clean-ingredient jerky, allergen-friendly snacks, and hydration drinks built for on-the-go days. With delivery handled ahead of the week's chaos, parents can build out camp lunch boxes, activity bags, and travel coolers that actually align with what kids will eat, while still sticking to clean-label standards and family-friendly pricing. It is less about reinventing the pantry and more about removing friction from the moments when convenience usually wins by default, especially during the busiest stretch of summer.
Presented by Thrive Market.
Presented by Thrive Market.

Learn more at Thrive Market

The Roush Mustang Paul Newman raced to a GTS-1 win at the 1995 Rolex 24 Hours of Daytona.

Read More  or  Bid at Mecum

A 3.8-liter, Carrillo-built 993 wearing the rarest Vanilla Yellow, built in Arsham's own garage.

Read More  or  Learn More at Canepa

— Doug Stephens, Retail Futurist
Founded in 2005, Uncrate is the original buyer's guide for men. Widely known for uncovering the best gear, apparel, and automobiles, Uncrate reaches a vast audience of discerning men, making it the largest publication and store dedicated to men's gear and style.
© 2026            Uncrate LLC. All rights reserved. Independently published since 2005.
          

            All items on Uncrate are hand-chosen by editors for quality and relevance to our readers. 
            Uncrate Supply items are sold directly by us. Some editorial may be sponsored or allow us to receive a commission.
          

  						Free shipping over $200 in the U.S.
  						 International rates at checkout.
              We're proud to offer a discount to Military, Nurses, and First Responders.

"
44,2026-07-08,"The CLAE Deane revives one of the brand's signature silhouettes by reimagining the classic 1970s football sneaker for modern everyday wear. Handcrafted from premium Nappa leather sourced from certified tanneries and accented with soft suede, the sneaker pairs its heritage-inspired profile with a clean off-white palette that feels timeless rather than nostalgic. Refined proportions, subtle detailing, and a tailored fit keep the focus on comfort and versatility, while CLAE's commitment to thoughtful design and honest materials remains front and center. The result is a sneaker that honors its roots without feeling tied to the past, making it an easy choice for daily rotation.
Presented by CLAE
A 55mm-stack running shoe with track-spike air units, built to feel nearly weightless underfoot. $230.

Read More  or  Buy from Nike

Named after a Permian Basin oil town, this boot swaps glue for a nailed, replaceable heel. $370.
Read More  or  Buy from Uncrate Supply 
The HairMax Ultima 12 LaserComb is a drug-free, FDA-cleared device that uses low-level laser therapy to stimulate hair follicles and promote regrowth. In just 8 minutes per session, three times a week, it's built for ease of use while delivering fuller, denser results over time. Clinical studies suggest LLLT devices like this can improve hair thickness when used consistently.
Presented by Hairmax.
Presented by Hairmax.

Buy from Amazon

Fresh flowers rarely last as long as the occasion they celebrate. Lasting Brilliance offers a more permanent alternative with real blooms preserved to maintain their color, softness, and shape for up to three years, all without water or maintenance. Each arrangement is designed to function as home decor rather than a fleeting centerpiece, bringing lasting color to coffee tables, kitchens, entryways, and guest rooms. The collection is especially well suited for summer entertaining, whether as a thoughtful hostess or housewarming gift, a post-weekend thank-you, or an effortless seasonal refresh. Founded by a new mom looking for an alternative to constantly replacing wilted bouquets, the women-owned brand transforms fresh flowers into enduring arrangements that arrive ready to display and continue making an impression long after the gathering ends. Enjoy 15% off with code JULYFIRST.
Presented by Lasting Brilliance.
Presented by Lasting Brilliance.

Buy from Lasting Brilliance

Before ACG, the Nike LDV proved itself on one of the world’s highest mountains. $130.

Read More  or  Buy from Nike

Nike’s monument to CR7 with a golden boot for Cristiano Ronaldo’s final FIFA World Cup appearance. $300.

Read More  or  Buy from Nike

MUNICIPAL’s Sportcross ATG goes from fairway to trail to street in one shoe.

Read More  or  Buy from Municipal

CLAE’s Haywood delivers premium court style built for everyday wear.

Read More  or  Buy Now From CLAE

Camino gummies offer a refined alternative to the traditional summer cooler, delivering precision-dosed, hemp-derived THC in terpene-tailored formulas designed to match the moment. Whether it's a backyard barbecue, a beach day, or an evening on the patio, the collection lets users choose everything from low-dose 2mg servings to standard 10mg options for a more controlled, clear-headed experience. Each blend pairs specific botanical terpenes with predictable dosing to complement different social settings, providing a lighter way to unwind without the next-day hangover. For those looking to rethink summer entertaining, Camino makes a compelling case for leaving the six-pack behind.
Presented by Camino.
Presented by Camino.
Consult a physician before consuming any new supplement or medication. Any health claims made are solely those of the brand and not those of Uncrate.
Consult a physician before consuming any new supplement or medication. Any health claims made are solely those of the brand and not those of Uncrate.

Learn more at Kiva

Salt & Stone occupies the increasingly rare space where performance body care and luxury fragrance genuinely overlap. Founded in Los Angeles by former professional snowboarder Nima Jalali, the brand was born from years spent battling sun, wind, cold, and altitude, resulting in a collection of body-care essentials designed to work as hard as they smell good. Its formulas combine naturally derived actives from the sea and mountains with sophisticated, gender-neutral scent profiles that extend across deodorants, body washes, lotions, oils, creams, and mists, creating a layered ritual rather than a collection of standalone products. Signature fragrances like Santal & Vetiver, Bergamot & Hinoki, and Black Rose & Oud feel more akin to niche perfumery than traditional grooming products, while ingredients such as niacinamide, hyaluronic acid, seaweed extracts, spirulina, and prebiotics keep the focus firmly on skin health. The result is a brand that treats daily body care less like maintenance and more like a sensory ritual built for people who demand equal parts wellness, performance, and scent.
Presented by Salt & Stone.
Presented by Salt & Stone.

Explore at Salt & Stone

A Brazilian-made suede sandal inspired by Rio's legendary beach culture. $150.
Read More  or  Buy from Uncrate Supply 
Brooks’ Ghost 18 delivers soft cushioning and all-day comfort mile after mile. $150.

Read More  or  Buy from Brooks Running

— Doug Stephens, Retail Futurist
Founded in 2005, Uncrate is the original buyer's guide for men. Widely known for uncovering the best gear, apparel, and automobiles, Uncrate reaches a vast audience of discerning men, making it the largest publication and store dedicated to men's gear and style.
© 2026            Uncrate LLC. All rights reserved. Independently published since 2005.
          

            All items on Uncrate are hand-chosen by editors for quality and relevance to our readers. 
            Uncrate Supply items are sold directly by us. Some editorial may be sponsored or allow us to receive a commission.
          

  						Free shipping over $200 in the U.S.
  						 International rates at checkout.
              We're proud to offer a discount to Military, Nurses, and First Responders.

"
45,2026-07-08,"Valve tried this once before. In 2015, the original Steam Machine promised to bring PC gaming to the living room and collapsed almost immediately, undone by a confusing lineup of different manufacturers' hardware and a Linux system that couldn't run most PC games. Eleven years later, Valve built its own version instead of outsourcing it to partners: a roughly six-inch black cube with custom AMD hardware delivering about six times the power of the Steam Deck, available with either 512GB or 2TB of storage. It runs Valve's own Linux-based software rather than Windows, now capable of running the vast majority of PC games thanks to years of compatibility work that was missing the first time around. Valve says internal testing put real-world performance in the same range as a PlayStation 5. Rather than subsidize the hardware with profits from its own game store, the way console makers typically do, Valve is selling the machine at cost, arguing that buying into its ecosystem shouldn't feel like the only option. To keep scalpers from buying up the limited launch stock, Valve is handing out reservations through a randomized lottery instead of a first-come, first-served queue.
A gaming case built around two glass panels, since half the fun is looking at what's inside. $100.

Read More  or  Buy from Amazon

A decade after Grand Theft Auto V, Rockstar finally returns to Vice City with its sequel. $80+.

Read More  or  Buy from Amazon

Summer tends to compress family life into a constant rotation of drop-offs, pick-ups, road trips, and weekend tournaments, and Thrive Market positions itself as the quiet infrastructure behind it all. The members-only marketplace focuses on bulk, better-for-you essentials that make it easier to stay stocked without the last-minute scramble, from organic granola bars and nut butter pouches to clean-ingredient jerky, allergen-friendly snacks, and hydration drinks built for on-the-go days. With delivery handled ahead of the week's chaos, parents can build out camp lunch boxes, activity bags, and travel coolers that actually align with what kids will eat, while still sticking to clean-label standards and family-friendly pricing. It is less about reinventing the pantry and more about removing friction from the moments when convenience usually wins by default, especially during the busiest stretch of summer.
Presented by Thrive Market.
Presented by Thrive Market.

Learn more at Thrive Market

HairMax's LaserBand 272 brings clinical hair-growth technology into a form factor designed for convenience, combining 272 medical-grade lasers with a flexible, hands-free design that treats the entire scalp in as little as 90 seconds per session. Using low-level laser therapy to stimulate hair follicles and promote healthier, denser-looking hair, the device offers a non-invasive approach for men and women seeking to address thinning without adding another complicated step to the routine. The patented band design parts the hair automatically to maximize laser delivery, while its cordless operation keeps the process refreshingly simple. More than a grooming gadget, the LaserBand 272 represents a high-tech approach to hair restoration that prioritizes speed and ease alongside proven light-based therapy.
Presented by Hairmax.
Presented by Hairmax.

Learn more at Hairmax

8BitDo's FlipPad adds physical, retro-styled gaming controls to USB-C iPhones and Android devices.

Read More  or  Learn More From 8BitDo

Enjoy retro gaming with this USB-C peripheral that adds a physical slot to computers and handhelds. $60.

Read More  or  Buy From Epilogue

Analogue channels '90s culture with its colorful, translucent, and limited 3D Funtastic N64 consoles. $300.

Read More  or  Buy From Analogue

Steam takes another swing at the living room with a gaming-focused, compact 6-inch cube PC.

Read More  or  Learn More From Steam

Salt & Stone occupies the increasingly rare space where performance body care and luxury fragrance genuinely overlap. Founded in Los Angeles by former professional snowboarder Nima Jalali, the brand was born from years spent battling sun, wind, cold, and altitude, resulting in a collection of body-care essentials designed to work as hard as they smell good. Its formulas combine naturally derived actives from the sea and mountains with sophisticated, gender-neutral scent profiles that extend across deodorants, body washes, lotions, oils, creams, and mists, creating a layered ritual rather than a collection of standalone products. Signature fragrances like Santal & Vetiver, Bergamot & Hinoki, and Black Rose & Oud feel more akin to niche perfumery than traditional grooming products, while ingredients such as niacinamide, hyaluronic acid, seaweed extracts, spirulina, and prebiotics keep the focus firmly on skin health. The result is a brand that treats daily body care less like maintenance and more like a sensory ritual built for people who demand equal parts wellness, performance, and scent.
Presented by Salt & Stone.
Presented by Salt & Stone.

Explore at Salt & Stone

The Monterey Overshirt from Collars & Co leans into the kind of effortless layering piece that works year-round without overthinking it. Cut from a lightweight cotton-linen blend with a touch of stretch, it delivers breathable comfort with just enough structure to hold its shape, striking a balance between relaxed and refined. Details like patch pockets, working buttons, and a clean pointed collar keep things classic, while the unlined construction makes it easy to throw over a tee or polo as temperatures shift. Machine washable and designed for a true-to-size fit, it's a straightforward staple that slots easily into a daily rotation without feeling like an afterthought.
Presented by Collars & Co.
Presented by Collars & Co.

Buy from Collars & Co.

Sony continues their push into desktop gaming peripherals with the PlayStation 27-Inch Gaming Monitor.

Read More  or  Learn More From Playstation

Polycade unveils a new flagship at-home, wall-mountable arcade  system with modular controls. $2,499+.

Read More  or  Buy from Polycade

— Doug Stephens, Retail Futurist
Founded in 2005, Uncrate is the original buyer's guide for men. Widely known for uncovering the best gear, apparel, and automobiles, Uncrate reaches a vast audience of discerning men, making it the largest publication and store dedicated to men's gear and style.
© 2026            Uncrate LLC. All rights reserved. Independently published since 2005.
          

            All items on Uncrate are hand-chosen by editors for quality and relevance to our readers. 
            Uncrate Supply items are sold directly by us. Some editorial may be sponsored or allow us to receive a commission.
          

  						Free shipping over $200 in the U.S.
  						 International rates at checkout.
              We're proud to offer a discount to Military, Nurses, and First Responders.

"
46,2026-07-08,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Giveaways
Sign Up / Log In
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 Share information with the community. Please follow our Community Guidelines and be kind! 
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Share information with the community. Please follow our Community Guidelines and be kind! 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal."
47,2026-07-08,"



Football
                                        

The 2026 World Cup has been packed with incident and drama - on and off the field. Ahead of the quarter-finals, we take a look at some of the key storylines from the tournament in Mexico, USA and Canada so far - from Lionel Messi's heroics to hydration breaks and President Donald Trump

          Senior Football Journalist
              @psmithXI

Wednesday 8 July 2026 18:45, UK
A rest day at the World Cup provides the opportunity to take stock of how the biggest-ever edition has gone so far. 
Have pre-tournament presumptions about off-field issues been proved correct? Which players and teams have set the storylines on the field? And what will be the legacy of the 2026 competition?
Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player

The man who supposedly had the fairytale ending to his World Cup career four years ago: Lionel Messi.
Few would have predicted the Argentina legend, at 39 years old, delivering the game-changing, headline-grabbing performances he has so far. The current World Cup's top scorer has further fuelled his claim to be the greatest of all time.
But the A-listers have all shown up at this World Cup. Kylian Mbappe, Erling Haaland, Harry Kane, Ousmane Dembele and Vinicius Jnr have been among the goals. Jude Bellingham has been a game-changer for England. And even Cristiano Ronaldo came up with a couple of moments to hit back at his critics.
With the leading actors centre stage there has been less room for breakout stars, but Switzerland's 20-year-old Johan Manzambi has made his name - along with Cape Verde's 40-year-old goalkeeper Vozinha. USA's Folarin Balogun made a flying start, too, but his World Cup story took a twist...
The first-ever 48-team World Cup was preluded with concerns about batterings, mis-matches and predictable results and, unsurprisingly, there were hammerings in the group stage.

              World Cup knockout bracket and fixtures
            

              World Cup fixtures
            

              Latest World Cup news
            

              Download the Sky Sports app
            
Qatar, Curacao, New Zealand, Saudi Arabia and Iraq each experienced heavy losses - and Ronaldo was among the players to feast on weaker opposition when Portugal put five past Uzbekistan.
But there were upsets too - and the campaign of Cape Verde is the biggest endorsement of the expanded tournament.
Among the smallest nations ever to qualify for a World Cup, they held European champions Spain to a goalless draw in the group stage and then gave world champions Argentina a huge scare in the last 32.
Elsewhere, Qatar drew with Switzerland, Curacao repelled Ecuador, and DR Congo took a point off Portugal to reach the knockouts for the first time.
The bloated group stage was a marathon and the equations required for teams to qualify as best third-place sides rankled. But whatever FIFA boss Gianni Infantino's reasons for increasing the size of the tournament - a gift to the world or a grab for more money and votes - it's hard to argue the new and rarely-seen faces at this World Cup added extra colour and intrigue.
Cristiano Ronaldo confirmed this would be his last World Cup. He may yet continue for Portugal but Neymar and Luka Modric now look set to officially end their international careers.Manuel Neuer and Riyad Mahrez have also stepped down from the international stage.
It's not just the minnows breaking new ground.
Switzerland have reached a first World Cup quarter-final since 1954. South Africa made it out of the group phase for the first time ever. Co-hosts Canada earned their first-ever point and win en route to the last 16. Norway have never made the last eight before.
For fans of many countries, this is a World Cup which has delivered memories to treasure.
There have been more stoppage-time winners than we've ever seen before at a World Cup - 10 of them after Argentina's incredible turnaround win over Egypt.
Hydration breaks and VAR checks have led to inevitable extensions of each match, and that added time has delivered incredible moments.
The Algeria-Austria ding-dong deep into injury time was jaw-dropping. Iran's disallowed winner in the final seconds against Egypt cost them a knockout place. Brazil's Gabriel Martinelli scored the latest winning goal in a World Cup knockout game (since 1966) - a 95:00 heartbreaker for Japan.
This has been a World Cup where you have to keep watching to the final whistle.
Boos have rung out midway through each half during games at this World Cup. Fans in the stands have made it clear they do not like the hydration breaks. While the three-minute stoppage for players to grab a drink has been necessary in the burning heat many matches have been played in, the blanket rollout - even to matches taking place in air-conditioned stadiums - has drawn criticism.
While some have pointed to their introduction as being advertising opportunities, they have changed the way football is played. Defensive teams have the chance to reset midway through a half. Struggling sides can get redirection from their coaches. England, in particular, have benefited from Thomas Tuchel's frantically issued words of wisdom in these moments.
""These breaks are so important to give players a break during tournament play, while also allowing all coaches a dedicated moment in every match - not just depending on the weather conditions - to engage directly with their players,"" said Infantino after England's win over DR Congo. It appeared to be the first time the FIFA boss had deviated from clearly labelling the intention of the breaks to be for physical reasons.
Are hydration breaks here to stay? If so, football matches being split into quarters could be the lasting legacy of this World Cup.
As mentioned above, it has been a hot, hot summer in North America. So far, though, the show has largely been able to go on.
For instance, France and Paraguay baked in 39C in Philadelphia on July 4 - but kept playing, despite the city's Independence Day parade being shelved.
There have been three weather-impacted matches, with Mexico's games against Ecuador and England pushed back an hour, and France-Iraq delayed for two hours at half-time, because of storms.
There could be more disruption to come, with a thunderstorm forecast around the time of the England vs Norway game in Miami, but three games out of 96 is a relatively low ratio, given six out of 63 were impacted at last summer's Club World Cup.
Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player

When Infantino controversially handed USA President Donald Trump the inaugural FIFA Peace Prize in December, the closeness of their relationship could not have been more clear. That connection emerged again when Trump revealed he had personally called Infantino to get Balogun's suspension reviewed ahead of USA's last-16 tie with Belgium
""It stinks,"" said Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville on ITV about the decision by FIFA's disciplinary committee to allow Balogun to play. But it's not been the only case of political interference at this tournament.
Iran captain Mehdi Taremi described his team as ""oppressed"" by the logistical restrictions which had forced them to move their training base from USA to Mexico, saw staff denied visas to enter the US, and limited the time they were able to spend in US host cities before and after their matches.
The US conflict with Iran was always going to make their participation difficult, but there has also been the high-profile non-admittance of Somali referee Omar Artan and seven-hour detention of Iraq striker Aymen Hussein at a Chicago airport.
Fans from Iran, Haiti, Ivory Coast, Senegal, Ghana, Uzbekistan, Ecuador, Morocco and Jordan have all found it either impossible or very difficult to secure visas to attend a tournament which has been impacted by international affairs.
Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player

While games have been extended by the mandatory hydration breaks, they have been sped up in other areas.
It's been notable there have been fewer instances of physios coming on to the pitch, with a new rule meaning any treated player has to spend a minute on the sidelines.
Subs have also scampered off to avoid incurring yellow cards for taking longer than 10 seconds to exit the pitch, while goal-kicks and throw-ins have been overturned when players fall foul of a five-second countdown.
Before games, the huge flags of each nation have made for an impressive spectacle. The entire squads marching out on to the pitch in full kit to sing the national anthems is another break from tradition - but seems to have gone down well. Similarly, in-stadium announcements when yellow or red cards have been issued seems a sensible way to keep everyone informed.
The new offside technology, which involved every player at the tournament being body scanned, has largely been a success - except for when it didn't work as Switzerland won a penalty to equalise against Qatar.
Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player

The audio alert sent to assistant referees when a player is more than 10cm offside so they don't need to delay raising their flags has been a step forward.
There was also the decisive use of the motion-sensing microchip inside adidas' Trionda ball which revealed the faintest of touches from Igor Matanovic which meant Josko Gvardiol was offside when he thought he'd tapped in a last-gasp equaliser for Croatia against Portugal in the last 32.
Of course, there have been refereeing and VAR decisions which have been criticised. Egypt have lodged a complaint to FIFA about the ""unfair"" refereeing of their game with Argentina, while France appealed a Michael Olise yellow card and England weighed up a similar protest to Jarell Quansah's red. But there have also been examples where technology has sped up and brought increased accuracy to officiating.
Ticketing was a huge issue in the run-up to this World Cup and has continued to draw negative headlines, with huge prices put on seats in the stands. It will be an issue forever associated with this World Cup.
However, despite the frustrations of many supporters about the cost of attending this tournament, stadiums have, largely, been well filled throughout.
And have those fans watching from afar or in attendance had a good time? Well check out these videos and tell us what you think...
Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player

Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player

Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player

Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player

Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player

Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player



                            © 2026 Sky UK
                        "
48,2026-07-08,"Apple has today lost a major antitrust appeal in Europe, with all three of its claims being rejected.
The company has long been fighting its requirement to comply with the EU’s Digital Markets Act (DMA), but a court has dismissed all of its claims … 
The Digital Markets Act is an antitrust law that designates certain tech giants as so-called “gatekeepers.” Effectively, it says they are so powerful that they are able to abuse their dominant position in the market to block smaller players from competing with their own products, and to impose unfair terms on companies essentially forced to partner with them.
Companies designated as gatekeepers are required to take steps to make it easier for other companies to compete with them.
Apple was designated a gatekeeper in respect of both the iOS platform as a whole and the App Store specifically. The reasoning here is that a developer cannot get free access to the app market without creating iOS apps, and Apple has full control over the market for these. Apple had not permitted competing app stores, and so was able to dictate its own terms, which developers were forced to accept.
Additionally, the EU was investigating whether it should also get gatekeeper status for iMessage. Ultimately, it didn’t do so as WhatsApp is the overwhelmingly dominant message platform within Europe, even for iPhone users.
The company appealed its designation as a gatekeeper for all three elements, iOS, the App Store, and iMessage. Although the latter might seem odd since iMessage was not included in the company’s gatekeeper status, Apple likely wanted to try to fend off any future move against its messaging app.
Reuters reports that all of Apple’s arguments have been rejected.
The ruling ​by the Luxembourg-based General Court will strengthen the position of EU antitrust regulators as they ⁠attempt to make space for rivals and give Europeans more choice.
“The General Court dismisses Apple’s actions regarding its ​designation as a gatekeeper in relation to the App Store and iOS,” the tribunal said. It also said that Apple’s ​actions regarding the iMessage service are inadmissible.
Apple is likely to appeal the matter to the EU’s equivalent of the Supreme Court, the Court of Justice of the European Union. The company has not yet announced its intention to do so, but has repeated its criticism of the DMA.
“We firmly believe the DMA’s mandate goes beyond what is lawful and proportionate, threatening to erode decades of privacy and security protections we’ve built ​and leaving our users vulnerable to new risks,” an Apple spokesperson said. “We will continue advocating for the innovation and ​privacy our European customers deserve.”
This ruling was inevitable and I believe that a final appeal will also be unsuccessful. However, Apple has demonstrated its determination to fight all of the way, so I do think an appeal to the Court of Justice will be the next step.
Photo by Colin Lloyd on Unsplash
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you t…
There are growing concerns that Apple could be f…
Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels, a couple of SF shorts and a rom-com!"
49,2026-07-08,"Watch CBS News

                          We may receive commissions from some links to products on this page. Promotions are subject to availability and retailer terms.
                      

July 8, 2026 / 2:45 PM EDT
            / CBS News
          
January 2028 may feel like a long way off, but for some savers, that could be the whole point.
In today's economic climate, in which inflation is surging, borrowing costs are elevated and the likelihood of either declining in the short term appears low, savers understandably find themselves looking for ways to protect and grow their money. Fortunately, this is where a certificate of deposit (CD) account can come in handy.
A long-term, 18-month CD, in particular, can offer savers extended protection on their principal while still growing their interest with a rate ranging from 4.15% to 4.20%, approximately. And that rate will be fixed and held until the account matures in early January 2028. So, if you have a five-figure amount such as $10,000 saved right now and aren't sure of where to deposit it, this could be a viable, secure and profitable option worth serious consideration. 
Still, locking up this much money for this long shouldn't be done recklessly either. An early withdrawal fee could negate all of the interest earned to that point, so you'll want to make sure that this is the right fit for you now, before transferring your money. To determine the value an account of this size and length offers, then, it helps to start with the interest-earning potential. And that's easy to calculate thanks to that fixed interest rate.
Start earning more interest on your money with a CD account now.
The top CD rates available with 18-month CD accounts now top out at 4.20%, though you may find options a bit lower or higher when shopping around online. Here's how much interest a $10,000 deposit will earn, calculated against three readily available rates now:
Savers stand to earn between $622 and $637, approximately, with a $10,000 18-month CD account now. And while that return won't necessarily make savers rich, it will grow their bottom line while still protecting their principal through today's elevated market uncertainty. 
But it won't lock their money away for so long that they won't be able to pivot in early 2028, as they would be prevented from doing with other long-term CDs. So, if you want to earn a competitive return and maintain flexibility to pivot in just 18 months, this could be the account worth considering.
Get started with a CD account online now.
High-yield savings accounts come with interest rates competitive with the top CDs right now, and they won't require savers to sacrifice access to their funds the way a CD account does. The caveat here, however, is a critical one. This account type has a variable interest rate that will change based on market conditions, making long-term interest-earning projections impossible to complete with precision. 
That said, the top high-yield savings account rate of 4.10% now will result in that same $621.66 earned after 18 months — assuming that it doesn't rise or fall before that point. If you prefer certainty, however, and can afford to lose temporary access to your funds, the $10,000 18-month CD may still ultimately be preferable.
A $10,000 18-month CD will produce approximately $600 worth of interest if opened now and maintained through the maturity date without issue. But with high-yield savings accounts offering a similar return without the required loss of access, savers should carefully compare before making a final decision. For some savers, the CD may still be preferable, while others may want to pursue the high-yield savings account, and while others may find splitting the funds between both to be the most advantageous approach. Whatever you decide to do, however, just be sure to keep the funds out of a traditional savings account. With the average rate there comfortably under 1% now, you're essentially losing money by not making the switch into one of these high-rate alternatives instead.

      Edited by
                                        
                                  Angelica  Leicht


      © 2026 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
    
Copyright ©2026 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved."
50,2026-07-08,"ByJason Kirsch,
Contributor.
Edited bySophia Acevedo,
Associate Editor.
Index funds offer beginners a path to long-term financial growth through broad diversification and passive management. They track market benchmarks, leading generally to significantly lower expense ratios compared to actively managed funds. Five top index funds are recommended for their low costs, substantial assets under management, broad diversification and strong track records. These include Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (VOO), Fidelity 500 Index Fund (FXAIX), and iShares Core S&P 500 ETF (IVV), Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (VTI) and Vanguard Total Bond Market ETF (BND). These funds serve as excellent building blocks for a resilient, diversified portfolio.
Index funds have long been one of the most beginner-friendly ways to put your money to work, offering broad diversification, low costs and a simple set it and forget it approach that removes the guesswork of stock picking. Whether you're opening your first brokerage account or funding a Roth IRA, choosing the right index fund can set you on a path to long-term financial growth.
I’ve broken down five of the most popular passive index funds available today, covering everything from their expense ratios to why each one earns a spot on this list. Not every fund will be right for every investor, but they may represent a starting point for building a resilient portfolio.
Index funds are passively managed, meaning instead of a team of fund managers trying to beat the market, they simply track a benchmark index. This hands-off approach translates to dramatically lower costs. The average index fund expense ratio is lower than the average actively managed fund, a difference that compounds significantly over decades. And the performance data backs up the passive approach: actively managed mutual funds have notably underperformed the S&P 500 over the past five years.
For beginners especially, the simplicity of index funds is a major selling point. You simply invest regularly and let compounding do the heavy lifting. The broad diversification inherent in index funds also dampens volatility, since broader stock market swings are less pronounced than the rise and fall of any individual company. For anyone just starting out, that stability and ease of use is invaluable.
If you’re looking for additional ways to invest as a beginner, consider these dividend stocks or growth stocks for additional options.
The five funds below were selected based on a combination of factors that matter most to beginner investors: 
Each fund comes from a reputable issuer — Vanguard, Fidelity or iShares (BlackRock) — with decades of experience in passive investing. To identify top contenders, I filtered for funds with low costs and high AUM, indicating strong investor trust and low tracking error relative to their benchmark.
Beyond cost and performance, I prioritized diversification across asset classes and geographies. Avoiding niche or sector-specific funds is particularly important for beginners, as these introduce higher risk and reduce diversification.
The funds below represent some of the most widely held, most cost-efficient, and most beginner-friendly index funds available. Each one can serve as a core building block in a long-term portfolio, and many experienced investors hold these same funds throughout their entire investing lives. 
VOO tracks the S&P 500 — 500 of the largest U.S. companies weighted by market cap — and does so at an expense ratio of just 0.03%. That translates to roughly $3 in annual fees per $10,000 invested, leaving nearly all of your investment working for you. The fund uses full replication, meaning it holds every stock in the index, keeping tracking error extremely low.
VOO has earned a gold, four-star rating from Morningstar, and its appeal extends well beyond retail investors—Warren Buffett has even recommended a low-cost S&P 500 index fund in his estate planning. 
VOO is one of the best funds for beginners because it gets the fundamentals right. It provides instant diversification across 500 of the largest U.S. companies, charges an exceptionally low expense ratio and requires virtually no ongoing management from the investor. Rather than trying to pick winning stocks or time the market, new investors can focus on consistently investing and allowing long-term market growth and compounding to work in their favor. Because it trades intraday like a stock and is available through virtually every major brokerage, VOO is accessible, tax-efficient and easy to incorporate into almost any investment strategy. 
FXAIX is the mutual fund version of an S&P 500 tracker and arguably the cheapest mainstream option available. As a mutual fund rather than an ETF, it trades once daily at net asset value (NAV), which may suit investors who prefer automatic, dollar-amount investing over buying whole shares. Fidelity's scale — managing over $18 trillion in assets — provides institutional-grade infrastructure at minimal cost.
FXAIX is particularly well-suited for investors who hold accounts at Fidelity, where it's often the default S&P 500 option in employer-sponsored 401(k) plans. For investors who prefer simplicity and want to keep everything under one roof — whether in a brokerage account, Roth IRA, or 401(k) — FXAIX offers excellent long-term exposure at a very low cost. The lack of a share-price barrier (you invest in dollar amounts) also makes it highly accessible for new investors starting with smaller sums.
VTI is one of the most comprehensive ETFs available, tracking the entire U.S. stock market — not just the S&P 500's large-cap segment. It holds roughly 3,600 companies spanning large-, mid-, and small-cap stocks, offering meaningfully broader diversification than a pure S&P 500 fund. Despite that expanded universe, the expense ratio remains the same as VOO at 0.03%, making it an exceptional value for investors who want to capture the full U.S. market in a single fund.
VTI and VOO have around 80% portfolio overlap, but VTI's broader exposure gives investors access to small- and mid-cap companies without needing to add another fund. Some experts believe small- and mid-cap stocks could shift into growth frontrunners in the coming years, making VTI a compelling one-stop-shop for total U.S. equity exposure. For beginners who want the widest possible diversification across U.S. stocks at a minimal cost, VTI is hard to beat.
IVV is BlackRock's flagship S&P 500 ETF and one of the largest funds in the world. It tracks the same index as VOO and charges the same 0.03% expense ratio, making the two funds functionally interchangeable for long-term buy-and-hold investors. IVV has a slightly longer track record — it launched in 2000, a decade before VOO — and trades approximately 6.8 million shares per day, offering deep liquidity for investors of all sizes.
IVV shines for investors whose primary brokerage isn't Vanguard. Because it's offered by BlackRock's iShares, it's widely available commission-free across virtually every major brokerage platform. For beginners who already have accounts at Schwab, Fidelity or TD Ameritrade, IVV offers identical S&P 500 exposure to VOO without any compatibility concerns. Its massive AUM also speaks to institutional confidence. IVV is the same fund that major pension funds and endowments use for core U.S. equity exposure.
BND seeks to track the performance of a broad, market-weighted bond index, offering exposure to the entire U.S. investment-grade bond market in a single ticker. That includes Treasuries, corporate bonds and mortgage-backed securities across various maturities. BND currently yields approximately 3.93% on a trailing 12-month basis and distributes income monthly, making it attractive for investors who want regular cash flow.
A portfolio of only equity index funds can be a rough ride during market downturns. BND provides a stabilizing counterweight — it provides exposure to the entire investment-grade bond market in a single, liquid fund, covering T-bills, corporate bonds, and mortgage-backed securities. For beginners who are building a diversified portfolio rather than just a stock-heavy one, BND pairs naturally with equity funds like VOO or VTI. Its monthly income distributions and rock-bottom 0.03% expense ratio make it one of the most cost-effective bond funds available anywhere.
Index funds remain a beginner-friendly, cost-effective way to participate in long-term market growth. VOO and IVV provide classic S&P 500 exposure; FXAIX does the same with the lowest expense ratio in the group; VTI broadens that exposure across the entire U.S. market; and BND adds bond diversification and monthly income. Together, or even individually, the best index funds for beginners can provide a rock-solid foundation to build on. 
How Do Index Funds Differ From Mutual Funds?
The key difference between an index fund and a mutual fund is how they’re managed. Index funds are passively managed, tracking a benchmark index like the S&P 500 with minimal trading, while traditional mutual funds are actively managed by portfolio managers trying to beat the market.
Are Index Funds Good For Beginner Investors?
Index funds are widely considered one of the best starting points for new investors. They require no stock-picking expertise, carry low fees and provide instant diversification across hundreds or thousands of companies. Their passively managed approach removes the emotional pitfalls and time commitment associated with stock selection, allowing beginners to focus on consistent contributions rather than chasing individual winners.
Do You Need Thousands of Dollars to Start Investing in Index Funds?
Many index funds are accessible with very little upfront capital. ETF index funds like VOO, VTI and IVV can be purchased for the price of a single share, and many brokers also offer fractional shares, allowing you to invest for as little as $1. 
Do Index Funds Pay Dividends?
Most index funds do pay dividends. There are two primary ways to make money from index funds: selling for a capital gain or earning dividends. Equity index funds like VOO and VTI distribute dividends quarterly, typically yielding around 1% annually, while bond-focused funds like BND pay monthly distributions and currently yield closer to 3.9%. "
51,2026-07-08,"
			        July 8, 2026 2:00pm by
			        Barry Ritholtz 

 
 
This week, I speak with David Risher, CEO of Lyft, about his career path from Microsoft and Amazon to leading the ride-sharing platform. We discuss Lyft’s financial turnaround, cost-cutting measures, and strategies for expanding market share. Plus customer-centric features, the mechanics of ride data, and the decade-long transition toward autonomous vehicle networks.
A transcript of our conversation is below; His current reading is “Apple in China: The Capture of the World’s Greatest Company” by Patrick McGee, and “Good People: A Novel” by Patmeena Sabit.”
You can stream and download our full conversation, including any podcast extras, on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, YouTube (audio), and Bloomberg. All of our earlier podcasts on your favorite pod hosts can be found here.
Be sure to check out our Master’s in Business this weekend with McKeel Hagerty, CEO/Chairman of Hagerty Specialty Insurance. He transformed a family specialty-insurance agency into an enthusiast-driven platform focused on collectible cars, events, valuation data, and auctions. HGTY is now a public company that insures everything from classic cars to boats, trucks, tractors, and military vehicles for over 2.8M collectors.
 

Spotify
 
 
MASTERS IN BUSINESS An Interview with David Risher, CEO of Lyft
Hosted by Barry Ritholtz  ·  Bloomberg Radio
 
ANNOUNCER (00:00:02):  Bloomberg Audio Studios: podcasts, radio, news. This is Masters in Business with Barry Ritholtz on Bloomberg Radio.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:00:16):  This week on the podcast — man, was this a fascinating conversation. David Risher has been CEO of Lyft for the past three years; he’s been on the board for the past five years. What a fascinating discussion about a company that is probably an app on your phone, and you may not be aware of all the different things they do — from bike share, to autonomous vehicles, to fleet management, and everything in between. I thought this was absolutely fascinating, and I think you will also. With no further ado, my conversation with Lyft’s CEO, David Risher.
DAVID RISHER (00:00:55):  Thank you, Barry. I am happy to be here.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:00:56):  I’m thrilled to have you. Before we start talking about your technology background, I gotta roll a little further back: a bachelor’s in comparative literature from Princeton. That doesn’t sound like the sort of career plan for someone who’s gonna work his way through technology companies. What was the original idea?
DAVID RISHER (00:01:16):  So this goes way back, and the funny thing is, it even goes to high school. My mother bought an Apple II computer a million years ago to help her run a small business, and I sort of got into technology that way. I will admit, part of it, I think, is I had terrible handwriting. And so when I used the computer to print out stuff for my high school English teacher, she could finally read what I was writing. It probably gave me a better grade as a result. So I sort of got into computers a little bit as a kid, ended up at Princeton, writing my thesis on a computer — again, this is a million years ago, when that wasn’t normal. And so I found myself just interested in technology, and after going to a consulting firm for a couple years to learn about the business world and going to business school, I found myself as an intern at Microsoft — again, back in 1990 — and the rest is sort of history.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:02:09):  So, Harvard Business School — we know what that typically leads to. I’m curious how the humanities background helped shape the way you think about business, about leadership, about working with people. What was the upside of humanities for you?
DAVID RISHER (00:02:26):  You know what, I really appreciate the question, and I actually think it’s more relevant now than ever. Look, the humanities is all about curiosity and understanding, and maybe even empathy, right? If you read a book, you have to understand — you’re exposed to different people’s perspectives. It’s almost like you’re crawling inside someone else’s brain, particularly if you’re reading fiction. And so, to a certain extent, I think nothing could prepare you better. Now, you have to have an analytical brain. You might also have to be good with numbers in business. But the humanities world — I sort of think of it as this kind of magic vaccination against irrelevance, because that curiosity is always gonna matter. And it certainly helped me through my whole career.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:03:05):  I love that answer. So you intern at Microsoft. You end up beginning your career there, where you helped to launch their first database product, Access. Tell us about that.
DAVID RISHER (00:03:17):  Sure. So Microsoft was famously ahead — or at least getting ahead, let’s say — with the launch of Windows, in word processing, in spreadsheets, of course. And again, this is sort of ancient business history, but it’s a fascinating tale of a technology shift, completely reshuffling the deck away from old companies like WordPerfect and Lotus 1-2-3. We don’t even know who those companies are anymore, because Microsoft took over that space. And it’s really because Windows shifted the platform — we might come back to that idea when we talk about autonomous cars. But they didn’t have a database, and that was sort of the third big product that a lot of companies wanted. I helped develop it; I was the first product manager on it. And really, all that meant is my job was to go around and watch other people use competing products at the time — Paradox, dBase, again, products that don’t even exist anymore — and try to pay attention to what they were doing with these products. How were they using them? Where were they stumbling? That was my first role. And in a sense, it has been one of the most important jobs I ever had, ’cause it’s what sort of taught me about understanding what customers want.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:04:17):  Huh, interesting. And then you founded Microsoft Investor and launched that product. That is so far afield from databases. What led to that transition?
DAVID RISHER (00:04:29):  Okay, so you’re making me realize that there’s a theme of my life I hadn’t really thought of before, which is platform shifts. So when I joined Microsoft, Windows was the product, right? This was the thing that was gonna run software, and of course it became incredibly successful. But then 1995, 1996, 1997 comes around — the internet is here. And Microsoft, like any tech company at the time, had to figure out its internet strategy. And it decided that there were a couple of key products that needed to be available on the World Wide Web. Actually, I think “the information superhighway” literally was the way people talked about it. It’s crazy. So —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:05:04):  Cliché. It’s amazing.
DAVID RISHER (00:05:05):  So cliché. But there it was — no one even knew how to talk about the thing. So anyway, I had been a little bit interested in personal finance, and a couple of threads came together. Microsoft tried to buy a company called Intuit — still very successful — and was unsuccessful, blocked because of the Justice Department. And so we decided we needed personal finance. And I said, you know what, why don’t we develop this product — a personal finance product — for the internet, not as packaged software.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:05:29):  Huh. Really, really interesting. And then, staying with the theme of platform shifts: employee number 37 at Amazon. That is just an absolutely bonkers number. Senior VP of US retail — when you joined the firm, revenue was $15 million. You helped ramp that up to $4 billion. Obvious question: when you joined Amazon, did you have any idea what the behemoth it would become? Or was it still, hey, we’re hanging on by our fingernails and maybe this’ll work out — or anywhere in between?
DAVID RISHER (00:06:07):  It was sort of both at the same time, and it was almost always gonna be one or the other, right? So I remember — I’ll tell you a little of the story of how I got there. My phone rings one day at Microsoft, and it’s this guy Jeff, and he’s doing a reference check of a woman who used to work, actually, at Microsoft in the personal finance group. So it all kind of connects. And so we get to talking, and one thing leads to another, and he is very precise about the way he’s asking questions. Remember, the company had maybe 10 people at this point. It was very, very small. But he had a big vision. You know, he was gonna be Earth’s biggest bookstore.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:06:42):  At the time — wait, hold on, let me just stop you. When you say “this guy, Jeff” — this isn’t just some guy in HR. Jeff Bezos is calling you to do a background check on a potential hire.
DAVID RISHER (00:06:55):  Exactly.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:06:56):  So go on — Jeff calls.
DAVID RISHER (00:06:58):  So Jeff calls me, and literally, at the time, he was just this guy, Jeff.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:07:02):  “Hey David, some guy named Jeff on the phone. Pretty much a background check for an employee.” So what was that conversation like?
DAVID RISHER (00:07:09):  Well, he had — to take you back then, but in a sense it’s still the Jeff of today — he had a plan, and it was a 25-question plan for the phone call, right? And to this day, the question I remember the most clearly was: “It’s very clear you are a fan of this person — give me an example of a job that she wouldn’t be a good fit for.” And it was such a clever question, because inevitably in background checks, you’re trying to say nice things about the person, right? But this is an invitation to say, well, you know, maybe a very detail-oriented job might not be the best fit. Or maybe something that manages a lot of people. It’s something like this that would give him some sense of where an area to probe more is. Anyway, at the end of that conversation — literally 45 minutes into it — he says, you know, you sound like a good guy. I said, oh, you sound like a good guy as well. And so a couple days later, he and MacKenzie, his wife at the time, and Jen, my wife currently still, and I went out to dinner, got to know each other, and over the course of the next year, got to know each other a little bit better. And then I ended up applying for this job to help Amazon grow beyond just books. That was really the job.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:08:16):  And how’d that work out?
DAVID RISHER (00:08:18):  It worked out pretty well. But you know what, it wasn’t obvious at the time. During the interview, I remember he said — look, if we play our cards right — and as you say, it was a $15.6 million store at the time, so tiny, tiny little thing — he said, if we play our cards right, maybe by the year 2000 — this is in 1996 — we might be a billion-dollar company. Maybe, maybe. But a lot has to go right in order for that to happen. Obviously we got there, and then we got, you know, far beyond. But there were all kinds of people who frankly were sort of rooting for our failure — competitors, Barnes & Noble at the time, a bunch of Wall Street analysts who thought this was just some sort of crazy Ponzi scheme, whatever.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:08:56):  It was, “No one’s gonna buy anything on the internet. What are you guys doing? This is a dumb idea.”
DAVID RISHER (00:09:00):  Totally, totally. Well, and not only that, but also: the costs are gonna be huge. You’re gonna have to build out these distribution centers and warehouses. The internet is unproven technology. All sorts of things that just —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:09:12):  No one’s giving you a credit card over the internet, correct?
DAVID RISHER (00:09:14):  Correct. Who’s gonna trust you?
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:09:15):  I remember getting an Amazon gift certificate from my college roommate — this was decades ago, right after Amazon formed. And the first time you go through the experience of buying something, it’s like, oh, this makes perfect sense. I don’t have to go to the store, I don’t have to waste time. This is great. I mean, there are certain stores that are fun to browse, but for the mundane sort of stuff, he was just decades ahead of everybody else.
DAVID RISHER (00:09:46):  In that way — and in realizing that it’s really the customer experience and customer obsession that’s gonna drive your continued growth. Because all those things are true. And as he would say, famously, you’re always one click away from competition. So that’s the downside, right? How do you continue to compete in a world where theoretically someone else could start, and someone else could start, and someone else could start — and you don’t have any geographic advantage over them?
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:10:09):  And they kind of owned that space for the longest time. Really, it was only the pandemic, when people were outta things, that forced everybody: all right, now I have a Target account, now I have a Walmart account, now anybody else who could deliver. And what’s been surprising is how they’ve just powered right through. Hasn’t really slowed him down very much.
DAVID RISHER (00:10:27):  That’s right. That’s right.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:10:31):  So you go from Amazon — you kind of tap out a couple of years later. You teach at the University of Washington’s business school; you were elected Professor of the Year in 2004. And then you spend 13 years running Worldreader, a nonprofit dedicated to helping children learn to read in underserved communities. This is yet another pivot — platform shift, right? What was it? Just like, all right, I have my Microsoft stock came in, Amazon recovered from the dot-com implosion, that’s doing fine — I could just do something for fun? What was the thinking behind the shift?
DAVID RISHER (00:11:11):  No, it wasn’t that, actually — it was sort of a different thing. So you asked me a couple questions ago what my career idea was as a kid. Honestly, if I had had to guess, I might have said, you know, maybe I’ll be an English professor someday, or something like that. I’d wanted to teach, and I loved reading. And so this was a way for me to bring together a couple of different things in my life — obviously books and literacy, ’cause that was sort of the passion and focus, but also technology. The thesis of the company was: kids are gonna read using tech. And that’s how it’s gotten to be — millions and millions of kids later are all reading on the platform. It started out with Kindle, a product I know something about because of my Amazon days, and brought sort of technology and reading together. So that was really the focus.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:11:53):  And then what ultimately ended up bringing you back into the corporate sector, after a long time in academia and nonprofits?
DAVID RISHER (00:12:01):  Yeah. So here it was — one day my phone rings, and a guy named Sean Aggarwal is on the other end of the line. Sean and I had worked together many years before, back at Amazon. He was my kind of finance partner. He had subsequently become an investor and then the board chair of Lyft. And he and John and Logan, the co-founders of Lyft, really were looking to do something quite unusual at the board level, which was: bring someone in who is a real customer advocate. So boards — for those of you who haven’t gotten a chance to be exposed to a board — typically are made up of kind of finance people, business strategists, maybe people who’ve built companies before. But often, by the time you get to sort of the board level of a company, you’re pretty far away from the customer. And John and Logan, again to their credit, said, you know what? We need some more customer advocacy right from the top. We need some more support, frankly, for that kind of vibe, as well as someone who’d helped scale a company like Amazon. You know, I also learned a lot about competing at Microsoft, and even at Worldreader — nonprofits, people sort of look at them and think they’re not very much, but it’s very, very difficult to actually scale a nonprofit, because the funding is always tight and so forth. So I think they were looking for someone with a combination of scaling experience but also real customer advocacy. And so I joined the board as a result.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:13:18):  And then eventually, a couple of years later, you get offered the role of CEO. What was that like? How did that come about? Infrequently do board members become CEOs.
DAVID RISHER (00:13:36):  So, funnily enough — and this one I’ll sort of slow the story down again, because it actually was Sean Aggarwal again, same board chair — he calls me up. It happened to be on Valentine’s Day, of all days, so I remember the day, in 2023. And the backstory here is John and Logan, again, the co-founders of Lyft — this is what they had been doing for 15 years nonstop. It was literally their first job outta college: founding this whole new company, withstanding the onslaught of an incredibly competitive environment, an incredibly operationally complex environment, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, for year after year. So at the end of the prior year, they said to the board, you know what, it’s time for us to move on. We’ve sort of done what we need to do. And frankly, the company was going through a bit of a tough time financially and operationally, and I think they realized that they were sort of getting to the end of where they could really help. So the board did what it does — boards do this — they form a special committee, they start to recruit, look around. I wasn’t on the committee; I was sort of watching from the side. But, as they say, then my phone rings one day, and it’s Sean on the phone with John and Logan, and they basically say: you know what we’ve been thinking? As we’ve been looking at external people, frankly, we think we might have the right person to at least apply for the job — let’s be clear, apply for the job — sitting right here, you know, on the board. And I said, what are you talking about? They said, we’re talking about you, David. I said, absolutely not.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:14:56):  Really — your first reaction was, hey, thanks, but no thanks?
DAVID RISHER (00:14:58):  Zero percent chance. I literally said, you should hang up the phone right now, because you’ve got better things to do. There’s just no way. But you know what? As the day wore on, I found myself saying, you know what, this is a really interesting opportunity. How many people get this opportunity? To run a — and I’d never run a public company before. I mean, my God. But at the same time, I had learned some things at Microsoft. I’d learned some things at Amazon. I learned some things at Worldreader. I learned some things in various different ways in my life. And I had a lot of passion for the company, having been on the board — and also a real understanding that as a board member, you really only have so much power and influence. It’s fairly limited. But as a CEO, it’s a different thing. So anyway, one thing led to another. I applied, and went through kind of a harrowing experience, but ended up getting the job.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:15:40):  Huh — really, really fascinating. So, we mentioned earlier: you joined the board in 2021, you’re named CEO in 2023. When you joined the company, they were still reeling from the pandemic and all the factors that drove the company — losing not only money, but also losing market share to their big competitor, Uber. What did you find when you looked under the hood? What surprises were awaiting you as CEO?
DAVID RISHER (00:16:11):  So the first, maybe, meta-observation — and you’re teeing it up — is: gosh, you’re on the board of a company for a couple years, you kind of think you know the company. You don’t really know the company. I mean, if any board members are out there, you think you do, and you probably have a pretty good sense of certain things, but you get in there and everything is 10 times bigger, worse, better — all the things. Then you realize: okay, what did I see? I saw a company that had some real innovative spirit at its core. Remember, Lyft was actually the one that really revolutionized rideshare. So the other guys, they came up with a sort of black-car concept — you know, black car on an app — but it was really Lyft that said, you know what, it can be anyone with a Prius. You know what I mean? Anyone can pick up. So this company had innovated from the early days, but honestly, its innovative spirit had maybe gotten a little the best of it. Tried a few too many things, spread a little too thin, losing share. And its core business, as you say — not priced well, not paying competitively. So a number of different, just basic issues. So what do we do the first, frankly, couple of weeks? Well, first thing is lower prices. We were just priced too high.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:17:15):  Did you do big announcements around that? Because I don’t — 2023 is still kind of a blur to me.
DAVID RISHER (00:17:20):  So we didn’t, and here’s why. In order to withstand a price drop — because it’s a very competitive business and you’re doing a lot of volume — if you drop your price, you gotta make sure you can pay for it. We had to do some other things as well. So, for example, we had to reduce our costs significantly. So we laid off — it was about a third of the company. And yeah, 26%, actually, of the company, now I think about it.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:17:41):  Wow.
DAVID RISHER (00:17:45):  $330 million of savings. That was a very, very significant shock to the company, by the way. We also had to raise driver pay. So we had a lot to pay for.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:17:53):  So wait — you’re simultaneously lowering prices for Lyft riders and yet bumping up pay for drivers. That sounds like that’s gonna cause a big problem for profits.
DAVID RISHER (00:18:03):  So that’s exactly right. So in order to pay for it, you have to figure out how to pay for it. And frankly, our cost structure was just sort of outta control. We were doing too many things. We had too many people — and by the way, those people were all working remotely, which makes it quite difficult to really kind of change the culture to a customer-obsessed culture, which was my other big thing. And by the way, we were also overpaying in stock-based compensation, which was bugging investors. So in the first couple of months, it wasn’t really the time to be bragging. It was the time, frankly, to be saying, okay, we’ve got some things to fix, and let’s really focus on that. So first — call it thirty, sixty, ninety days — it’s fixing some basics, but also reorienting the company back towards its customer-obsessed roots. And I’m still very — I guess I’d say proud of this: the first meeting I had of the day was literally getting my computer and my laptop, and the second meeting, 10 o’clock in the morning, Monday morning, I said, let’s start talking about a product that’s now called Women+ Connect — trying to get women drivers and women riders —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:19:02):  Such a great idea, especially given the mayhem across the street from you.
DAVID RISHER (00:19:06):  I appreciate you saying that. And it really matters. And this is something the company —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:19:11):  And I’m sorry to interrupt, please — it’s very visible on the app, that choice, which shows some thoughtfulness. And, oh, there’s this problem — how about we send a woman driver for you, and you don’t have to worry about what you’re hearing about elsewhere. Exactly. It just makes so much sense.
DAVID RISHER (00:19:28):  I really appreciate you saying that. It was an easy decision in that sense. All you have to do is talk to 10 women and say, well, what are you thinking? And they say, well, gosh, particularly late at night, maybe in a new city, maybe I’ve had a long day — it’s just not my jam to be talking to a dude. Right? It’s all right, dudes, you know — like that. But sometimes the easiest ideas are also the most complicated. There are all sorts of potential legal issues, all sorts of operational issues. There are even, to a certain extent, cultural issues of, like, is this gonna be okay? But I was like, you know what? I think it’s gonna be okay. I think it’s gonna be okay. So that was an early decision we made. It came out — that was in April of 2023 — we launched that later that year. And it was really exciting for the company to say, you know what, we can do big things again, and we can start to innovate again on behalf of customers.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:20:09):  Huh — kind of fascinating. Coming up: we continue our conversation with David Risher, CEO of Lyft, discussing the future of rideshare technology. I’m Barry Ritholtz. You’re listening to Masters in Business on Bloomberg Radio.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:20:21):  I’m Barry Ritholtz. You’re listening to Masters in Business on Bloomberg Radio. My special guest this week is David Risher. He is the CEO of Lyft, one of North America’s largest and fastest-growing ride-sharing networks. So over the next year or so, you return Lyft to profitability. In the most recent reported quarter — first quarter 2026 — over 28 million active riders, nearly $5 billion in gross bookings, $1.7 billion in revenues, just about $133 million in EBITDA profits. So the combination of restructuring the company, attracting — paying more — drivers, and discounting prices for riders puts you on the right foot. How do you build on that? What’s the next step to maintain that momentum?
DAVID RISHER (00:21:25):  Well, so in some sense, nothing changes, and in some sense, everything changes, okay? So what doesn’t change: customer obsession is still driving profitable growth. That’s just gonna be a theme I go with forever. You know, maybe I’ve drunk a lot of the Jeff Bezos Kool-Aid, but it seems to be working out pretty well. So one other financial metric that has been interesting to watch: when I joined, we were losing about $300 million — consuming about $300 million in cash — over 12 months. We’re now generating about $1.1 billion in cash over 12 months.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:21:53):  Okay. So what that allows you to do is invest in the future. What does that look like?
DAVID RISHER (00:21:58):  Certainly it looks like international expansion. So that’s been one thing we’ve been at for about the last year. Lyft was sort of — I almost say caught a little bit in a US-centric view of the world. And it just doesn’t make sense: once you have a product that scales really well, and is sort of a fixed-cost-based type of thing, you really want it to be around as much of the world as possible, so you can run as much volume through that platform as possible. So we bought a company called FREENOW last year. It’s a European taxi aggregator —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:22:28):  FREENOW?
DAVID RISHER (00:22:29):  FREENOW. Yeah. It is Europe’s biggest taxi aggregator, which means that if you want a taxi and you’re in a place like Barcelona or London — pick your favorite city; they operate in nine countries — the FREENOW app is gonna be your best way to get it. That gives us a great platform for expansion, even when it comes to autonomous vehicles — we’ll come back to that, I’m sure, in a couple seconds. So that’s one direction of expansion. You think of that as out — overseas. Another dimension is up — upmarket. You just kind of referred to this. So Lyft, again — it sort of started, its tradition was, as kind of a relatively inexpensive, very available rideshare option, but it wasn’t as strong in kind of the black, you know, kind of luxury segment. We bought a company called TBR last year. TBR is a high-end chauffeur company. We also have a very, very good Lyft Black product. In fact, if you’re listening to this, I promise: if you haven’t tried it, give it a try. I think you’ll like it. It’s actually our highest-rated product. You know, a nice black car comes and picks you up. So that’s another area of expansion for us, because that gives us, frankly, more margin to play with, but it also allows us to talk to a segment that we haven’t talked to very much. And then, of course, autonomous vehicles. So these are all nice uses of cash. Once you’re generating cash, you can start to either acquire companies, or you can invest in things that then grow — build sort of the next chapter of growth.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:23:44):  So I appreciate you mentioning the various tiers. There’s this tendency to think of the consumer — especially the American consumer — as one thing, but we both know that’s not true. You get to crunch a whole lot of data. What are you seeing in terms of income, geography, various times of day? Like, what do the metrics tell you about the different flavors of consumers using Lyft?
DAVID RISHER (00:24:11):  Yeah, this is such an interesting issue, and it’s not something I really appreciated. You know, we are gonna do about a billion rides this year, and so, to your point, with a billion rides, you kind of get a sense of how people are spending their time during the day. So I’ll tell you two things that are growing quite quickly. One is party time. And it might be funny to start there, but party time — I should say what that means. What that means is a Thursday night, really Friday night and Saturday night, call it nine and midnight. And it is really interesting — I think this is not just post-COVID, but I think, frankly, a little bit of app fatigue is driving people to say, you know what? Let’s actually get out and spend our lives out in the real world, instead of spending all of our lives on apps. So I think that’s — actually, I’m quite comforted by that. And it’s actually a big part of our sort of overall purpose, which is to serve and connect people. I’m a lot passionate about that. At the same time, commute as well. And I do think this is a certain post-COVID thing, where people were sort of thinking, maybe we’ll just be in our houses the rest of our life, working remotely. It turns out a lot of companies and a lot of people are saying, I wanna get back to work. And I think these things are somewhat connected — and sorry for sounding a little bit like a social psychologist a little bit, but I mean, gosh, I met my wife at Microsoft. A lot of people have really significant life events that happen at work that are not just work, right? And so I think there’s a little bit of that. So anyway, when I look at things like commute hours — and then travel continues to be really strong as well. And this is — look, I’m a million years old now. When I was a kid, the idea of getting on a plane and going overseas — I mean, you might as well say go to the moon. Now, 20- and 30-year-olds are like, yeah, I’ll sort of take a trip overseas, or I’ll go to, you know, whatever — Nashville for the weekend, or something. So anyway, I think these are pretty big, real societal shifts, as people want to kind of be out in the real world.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:25:51):  I’m kind of fascinated by the idea of party time, ’cause pre ride apps, there was always the question: all right, I’ve had two, I guess I’m driving tonight, so I gotta stop here. But if you’re out on party night and you know you’re taking a car home, you are not afraid about having a second or third drink. You can kind of relax a little bit. Getting pulled over is not a problem if you’re in somebody else’s Lyft.
DAVID RISHER (00:26:19):  It’s exactly right. So again, if you zoom out — you know, Wall Street looks at companies like ours quarter by quarter, and it sort of drives you crazy. But if you zoom way, way out, let’s look at that from a different dimension. Now, average car right now: 50,000 bucks. Okay? Average monthly payment: 800 bucks. Insurance will cost you another couple hundred bucks. Gas might cost you another hundred bucks or so, at least now. And then service will cost a little bit more than that. Okay? So that’s plan A. And by the way, if you take on all that responsibility, there’s no texting and there’s no drinking. You know what I mean? Now, plan B: pay 20 bucks getting a Lyft. Someone else does the driving. Text to your heart’s content, drink as much as you want — if that’s your jam. And it’s 20 bucks, not 800 bucks times, you know, plus, plus, plus. So just looking out — again, you’re sort of asking about kind of segments, and sort of, maybe, a little bit, the role of technology in society. I still think we’re actually at the beginning stages of a lot of these changes. And sometimes, again, people who have been around for a while don’t even realize how much the world has changed in that way.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:27:21):  Yeah. Fascinating data point I saw — it was actually a couple of years ago — the number of kids under 19 that haven’t gotten a driver’s license. When I was growing up, you couldn’t wait to get your driver’s license, ’cause that meant freedom. There wasn’t an internet. There were three channels, plus some people started getting cable. Like, it was a very different world back then. That’s right. And now it’s like, yeah, maybe I’ll get a license, maybe I won’t. How do you think about marketing to that demographic?
DAVID RISHER (00:27:51):  Well, so one of the things I learned from Jeff — again, who’s, as you can imagine, quite an influential boss for me — is: build your businesses on things that don’t tend to change. Not things that are sort of ephemeral. So what are some things that aren’t gonna change? Okay — again, people are gonna want to get out, either to the doctor or to go to a bar. So that’s a good bet. People are also gonna want to save money. And so a lot of our focus right now — and you’re gonna start to see a lot of marketing around this — is: save money, check Lyft. Now, I wanna be super clear here. It’s not — if I look at the competitor — that we always have a better price. Of course we try to, but we don’t always; sometimes, you know, all sorts of things happen. But over time, if you check both apps, you’re gonna save some money. And certainly, compared to buying a car of your own and dealing with all the maintenance, you’re gonna save some money. So it’s not the only thing I wanna say, but I actually think it’s an important thing to say — particularly in a world of sort of some economic instability — this is a good way for you to save some money. And frankly, I’m proud of our cost position, and I’m proud of our ability to offer a great price every single day, you know, a billion times a year.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:28:54):  So let’s talk about you versus your competitor. Lyft has always been framed as sort of the underdog to Uber. Is this kind of a Coke and Pepsi story? What are the advantages of being number two? Remember the old — was it Avis? We’re number two, we have to try harder.
DAVID RISHER (00:29:13):  Absolutely. So I like being number two, and it’s maybe a funny thing to say, but I do think it means you try harder. You wake up every single morning and you say, I got one job, which is to, frankly, do a great job for my riders and my drivers, such that maybe over time I can overtake the other guys. I guess the way to think about that is: I think the right number of rideshare companies in most markets is probably two. It’s a capital-intensive business — not because you own the cars, but because you own a lot of server capacity, and it’s quite complicated to figure out pickup and drop-off locations, and customer service — people leave their phones in the car about 8,000 times a week. It’s just all sorts of —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:29:56):  Especially Friday party night.
DAVID RISHER (00:29:58):  Right — and there you go. It all kind of comes together. There is something to that. And by the way, we have really cool innovation coming out there — we’ll bring your phone back to you automatically. But that’s a separate story. But anyway, so in a funny way, it’s not a bad thing to be in sort of a two-player position, ’cause you really only have one competitor. And frankly, if you spend too much of your time thinking about that one competitor, you’re probably losing the script. Because guess what? There are a lot of rides that people aren’t even taking on rideshare at all. Okay? So, you know, back to this question — we’re a customer-obsessed company, and this is gonna be the thing. This is why we’re growing, you know, mid double digits — 15 to 20% year on year. It’s why we’ve become profitable. It’s why we’re spinning off cash. And I think that is a good place to be. Particularly when I look at the other guys, who I tend to think of, frankly, as more — I’ll call them sort of financially and maybe technologically driven. Maybe — I don’t know exactly how they describe themselves — but I don’t get the customer-obsessed vibe.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:30:52):  Huh — so that’s kind of interesting. Let’s talk about an example where there’s no customer-obsessed vibe. So I use Lyft, I use Uber. It feels like on Uber, the way it measures time is sort of an alternative reality. Hey, we’ll find a driver in three minutes — it takes nine minutes. Hey, the car will be here in 11 minutes — it’s there in 23 minutes. Like, the app is very full of BS. It consistently lies. I’m curious: is it just a logistical issue that everybody has to deal with? Or — and we know a lot about the history and culture of your biggest competitor — is this a culture problem? You know, their history has a lot of bad behavior, a lot of, let’s just call it questionable legality. I wouldn’t go so far as to say fraud, but they did a lot of bad things. Does that show up in how the app behaves? Or is this just, no, Google Maps is tough to work with, this is a logistical challenge?
DAVID RISHER (00:32:00):  No, it is a logistical challenge. But — look, I’m not gonna characterize you; you did a marvelous job characterizing them. Skirting —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:32:09):  I got nothing — no liability for slander there.
DAVID RISHER (00:32:12):  There we go. Fantastic. Exactly. So Barry’s got a whole second — hold on, well, you were a lawyer, right?
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:32:16):  Yes, that’s correct.
DAVID RISHER (00:32:17):  Oh, there we go.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:32:18):  Okay, but I’m recovered, so —
DAVID RISHER (00:32:20):  It’s not the same. I understand — recovered lawyer — but you did just hear a lawyer very carefully parse his words. Okay, listen, I won’t comment on that. What I will say is: we are very focused — for example, you’re talking about reliability. Oh my goodness. You talk to my team, and they will — they roll their eyes, maybe, would be one way to say it. But the number of times I talk about reliability internally is high, because I am obsessed by saying: if we’re gonna make a promise, we’re gonna meet the promise. And starting in a couple weeks, we’re actually starting to do some more work to actually surface that promise, even a little bit more visibly. We do it today for airport pickups. If we’re more than 10 minutes late for an airport pickup, we pay you up to a hundred bucks, no questions asked.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:32:54):  Really?
DAVID RISHER (00:32:55):  Yep. And we rarely have to do that. Our reliability rate is above 99% for scheduled airport pickups.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:32:58):  Wow.
DAVID RISHER (00:33:00):  So we’re very, very focused on that. You know, I will say — look, at business school, there’s a very famous class which has a weird technical name, but it’s basically about incentives and behavior —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:33:13):  What’s the name of the class?
DAVID RISHER (00:33:15):  So I was in school a long time ago — I think it’s called CCMO, and I don’t even remember what it stands for anymore. It’s probably called something different today. But it really is about how incentives drive behavior — financial incentives and other incentives, and incentive alignment, and so forth and so on. There is an incentive in the sort of on-demand app world not always to be truthful. Because if you overpromise something, and then you kind of hook a person in — what are they gonna do? If they cancel or whatever, it’s just gonna take them more time. And that is an evil and pernicious problem that is kind of baked into the model. And we just reject it wholeheartedly. Doesn’t mean we never make a mistake. But if your car shows up later than we estimated, it’s because we made a mistake, and we are trying over and over and over and over again to eliminate those — they’re defects — and then start to guarantee it over time.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:34:13):  So you are crunching a lot of numbers; you’re seeing a lot of data in real time. I’m kind of fascinated by the concept of what, at Lyft HQ, the dashboard looks like. What sort of data are you watching constantly? What’s the most surprising set of numbers or charts that come across that?
DAVID RISHER (00:34:34):  Yeah, this is a great question. I mean, so the answer, first — just to validate the premise — is: absolutely, an enormous amount of real-time data. You know, two to three million rides every single day, and now worldwide. So we’re very active, and in fact, we have whole cool maps that show simulations of behavior, particularly around storms and all sorts of crazy times. Anyway, back to your question. Look, there are a couple of metrics that I think might surprise you that we pay as much attention to as we do. And I’ll give you a very specific one, ’cause it kind of helps tell the story. When I joined, about 15% of the time, drivers would cancel on you. Now, this is infuriating.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:35:08):  Really? That high? I mean, every now and then on your competitor I’ll see a cancellation, but typically it’s rush hour. Someone’s stuck on the other side of the city; they’re not gonna make it. So rather than get that ding, they just cancel and find someone by them.
DAVID RISHER (00:35:24):  So in today’s world, it is less than 4.5% on our app. So we’ve brought it down by a factor of —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:35:31):  Three.
DAVID RISHER (00:35:31):  Yeah, exactly — slightly less than that, actually, but around that. So how have we done that? Well, it’s not just that they’re on the other side of town. It’s maybe we didn’t give them enough information right up front — so, for example, how much they’re gonna make, or what neighborhood they’re gonna drop you off in, maybe. And by “not enough information” — maybe we gave it to ’em, but the font was a little bit too small for them to see it. Right? Or maybe it wasn’t on the screen quite long enough. Or maybe we gave you a ride that we didn’t know was very, very unlikely for you to want, because of your past history or whatever. So now we spend a lot of energy — and we’ve just been grinding away this year, after year, after year, because it’s so infuriating to riders. That’s an example of a sort of specific metric that we’re looking at, you know, by the day.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:36:23):  Huh — really, really interesting. Two kind of related questions to the growth of Lyft. Your last quarter’s earnings call, you said — or maybe it was a previous one — 27% of North American rides are linked to a corporate partnership. Chase, DoorDash, United, Hilton, et cetera. What is that strategy? Is that about customer acquisition? Margin? Like, what goes into those sort of big partnerships?
DAVID RISHER (00:36:51):  Sure. So, you know, as you say, we have tens of millions of people who use our service every quarter — it’s about 50 million a year. And again, this is back to sort of the Amazon philosophy: you gotta compete for those customers, right? You gotta compete because, you know, they have alternatives. And in fact, there’s another company out there that some people know. Okay? So one of the ways you compete is you say, gosh, it’s not just about the ride — it’s about the relationship. And maybe it’s a relationship you already have with another company. So you mentioned United Airlines. United Airlines has now been a partner of ours for about the last six months. It’s been a wonderful partnership already, because the United Airlines MileagePlus program is incredibly well built out. People are very, very loyal to it. What can you do on Lyft? You can now earn miles so that you can take a vacation —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:37:38):  Same with Hilton Honors.
DAVID RISHER (00:37:39):  And same with Hilton Honors — exactly right there. We’ve been a partner for many, many years. The big innovation on the MileagePlus side is you can actually spend your miles on Lyft as well, which almost feels like free rides, right? That’s right — it’s just like, you get, you know, 200 miles or 500 miles, whatever, for taking an airline trip, and you spend a small segment of those on a Lyft ride. So these partnerships — you sort of asked what the method behind it is — it’s about customer acquisition, for sure, but it’s also about customer retention, you know? ‘Cause if you’re in the United ecosystem, or on the DoorDash side, or Hilton, or Alaska Airlines, or Chase — built primarily here in New York City and other cities where they’re active — and you want to either earn or burn miles or points, we’re a great place to do that.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:38:22):  Really, really kind of interesting. I read an article from Reuters: smaller US markets and college towns have been meaningful growth drivers. Curious why those markets were underpenetrated. What did you guys figure out there?
DAVID RISHER (00:38:37):  So part of it — there has been just a little bit of, you might say, neglect from the rideshare business for a while. And we realized about 18 months ago that a large part of the TAM — just to frame this again, total —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:38:51):  Addressable market.
DAVID RISHER (00:38:52):  Exactly — is more market. About 160 billion rides a year that people take in their private cars across the United States. 160 billion. And remember, we do a billion; the other guys might do three or four billion — maybe two or three billion. So four billion outta 160 billion. Okay? So there’s a lot of addressable market left for us to go to. And we’ve been in places like New York and San Francisco and Chicago for over a decade right now. But some of these smaller towns — the Indianapolises of the world, the St. Louises of the world — as well as college towns, where basically nobody has a car compared to the population, they just look like good opportunities for us. They’re complicated from a marketplace-management perspective, because anytime you go to a newer geography, you’ve got to first make sure you’ve got enough drivers, ’cause otherwise it takes too long to get picked up. And you’ve gotta make sure you’ve got enough riders, because if not, then drivers won’t make enough money. So it’s quite complex to —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:39:41):  Invest. There’s a chicken-and-egg problem there.
DAVID RISHER (00:39:43):  It is a chicken-and-egg problem, over and over again. Which, again, is why — back to the earlier part of the conversation — it’s really quite hard at this point to come into the market fresh. You know, you’re not gonna find a lot of folks who want to come into a well-served market. But anyway, so we just started to focus on it, and our data scientists and our marketers really kind of went to town, and it’s been a big source of growth.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:40:03):  Huh. Really, really interesting. Coming up: we continue our conversation with David Risher, CEO of Lyft, discussing the future of transportation technology. I’m Barry Ritholtz. You’re listening to Masters in Business on Bloomberg Radio.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:40:31):  You are listening to Masters in Business on Bloomberg Radio. My extra special, fascinating guest is David Risher. He is the CEO of Lyft, and we have been discussing the future of transportation technology. We have to talk about AI; we have to talk about autonomous vehicles. But before we do, I have to ask you two really interesting questions. One is: how do you solve the problem of even sober people leaving their phones in the car when they get out? And suddenly it’s a big pain in the ass — somebody has to come either drop off the phone or whatever. How do you, as a customer-obsessed company, how do you solve that problem?
DAVID RISHER (00:41:16):  I so love this question, because it is an experience every single one of us has had, and it is both infuriating and incredibly stressful. Because all of a sudden you realize, oh my God, my entire life is driving in the wrong direction, and I don’t even know how to contact the company at this point.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:41:30):  Because the number is on your phone —
DAVID RISHER (00:41:33):  And the phone is in the car, and you’re like, I wanna hold my phone to call the phone — but I can’t do that. It’s very, very stressful. So here’s what we’ve done. We’re doing a huge amount of work on this, just to be really customer obsessed. The first thing is automatic detection. So if the phone starts to travel away with a driver after you’ve been dropped off, that immediately, automatically alerts the driver: there’s probably a phone in your backseat. It requires a little bit of work on the rider’s side — we’re still trying to figure out how to get riders to opt into this, because they have to share a little bit more information. But we’re still working on that. But regardless of whether it happens automatically or manually, the second thing is: we’ve got a whole web portal, so you don’t actually have to use your phone. You can — and you don’t have to log in. But really, the big innovation is this — we wanted to have it sort of out of band — so the whole “return the phone” thing becomes almost a separate process. And frankly, in the past, it’s almost felt like a bit of a negotiation with the driver, and nobody liked it. The drivers didn’t like it, ’cause it felt like it was sort of an annoyance. The riders didn’t like it, because they’re like, oh my God, I sort of feel like I’m being held hostage here. A terrible thing. Now it’s a whole automated process. And basically, what we realized is: we should just treat it like any other ride. So it’s basically — the phone is getting a ride back. So what you get to say as a rider is: yes, please bring my phone back. I know exactly how much it’s gonna cost — it’s gonna cost just the exact same amount as if I’d taken a ride to that exact place where the phone is. And the driver gets it in their queue just like they would get any other ride request. And it gets returned to you. Typically — I was just looking at this data, and it changes every single week — but we’re now getting to the point where a large percentage of riders’ phones are being delivered back within an hour, which is the absolute gold standard.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:43:09):  So let’s use technology and cut that: on the app, opt in to avoid leaving your phone in the car, via Bluetooth. Not on each ride — just once, on the app. And then when the ride is over — you’ve arrived and the person gets out — if the phone doesn’t leave the car, right there and then, the driver should lower the window and say, hey, you left your phone in the backseat. And that doesn’t seem like you’re changing or creating new technology. That’s right — you’re just applying existing technology. Why take an hour? Why not take 30 seconds?
DAVID RISHER (00:43:48):  A hundred percent. And this is now where you realize that all technology problems are ultimately human problems. Because in order for that to happen, a person has to have opted in — they’ve gotta click a button. Most people are either skeptical of that, or they’re not paying attention. So now our trick is to try to figure out a way to really encourage people to do that. As you say, you only have to do it once. But that’s gonna be the next big focus.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:44:09):  So let’s stay with that theme before we really move too far away from people and towards technology. You drive for Lyft every six weeks or so, which seems kind of bonkers. What have you learned sitting in that seat that you can’t learn from the executive suite or the boardroom?
DAVID RISHER (00:44:28):  So much. So much. And, you know, I know we’re all busy people — here I am, busy senior executive, CEO of a company. My God, you know what? I got time, right? I got time — I can jump in the car. And here’s why: I learned stuff about being a driver, and I learned something about being a rider, every single time. So I’ll give you an example of each. Very quickly, on the driver’s side, I learned how important a feature is that we’ve developed over years and refined, called Stay Within Area. And there are actually two features next to each other — one’s Stay Within Area, one’s Arrive On Time. Lemme actually focus on Arrive On Time. What that means is: I’ve got a kid to pick up at the end of the day, or I’ve got a date with my wife tonight, or I’ve got a doctor’s appointment at three o’clock in the afternoon. And so I need to figure out a way to organize my life such that my last ride is gonna put me, you know, right where I need to be by a certain time. If I look at the gig economy, one of the real gifts of the gig economy is it allows you to integrate your work into your life in new ways. Again, I don’t have to call my boss and tell ’em I’m gonna be late today. I don’t have to do anything like that. But sometimes I do have other things in my life. Maybe it’s another job; maybe it’s an obligation with my parents — or whatever it might be. So anyway, that’s a feature. It worked pretty well when I started. It works very well now — and in part, it’s because I give a lot of feedback to the team on how to make that better and how important it is to get that exactly right. And then on the rider’s side — I mean, every time I take a rider in the car, of course I ask them why they chose us versus the other guys. Sometimes it’s because they say, oh, Chase Sapphire Reserve — I’m a Chase Sapphire Reserve cardholder, and you guys have a relationship with them. That’s great. That gives me a little bit of data of how important that is.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:46:03):  That’s a points relationship.
DAVID RISHER (00:46:05):  It’s a points relationship — and you get all sorts of — you get $10 every single month to use as Lyft credit. And look, I can look at the data just like anyone else and realize the number of people who are using that. But there’s just no substitute for hearing somebody, you know, go off about how much they love that card, and how important that partnership is to them. That’s a generic example. And then a specific example involved a woman that I gave a ride to — this is now about almost two years ago, but it’s still really, you know, kind of resonates with me — where she would wake up every single morning, and depending on what the price was of getting from her home to her job — because the prices would bounce around a lot — she would either take a Lyft, or maybe take the other guys, or drive herself, or stay home. And it was a source of stress and concern to her every single day. She would literally wake up an hour, you know, before she had to leave, just to sort of check prices. And it just made me realize how much surge pricing is customer hostile.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:46:59):  Nobody likes it. Nobody likes it. It starts to drizzle a little bit, and suddenly it’s a $30 surcharge. And I know people are infuriated by it.
DAVID RISHER (00:47:07):  And they should be. And here’s the problem. This is the difference between — you know, if you’re an economist, you love this, right? It’s, oh, supply-demand balancing in real time — it’s just unbelievable. Like a perfect science experiment. And if you’re a real person, it just bugs the crap outta you. So it really drove home to me how frustrating this was. And it was literally a Friday morning where this woman had donuts, and she was bringing them in to see a coworker for his birthday. And she’s like, I can’t work from home today — I’m so glad that Lyft was reasonably priced. So that’s what’s led us to take about $50 million a year out of surge pricing. We’ve really tried to get rid of it as much as we can — can’t completely eliminate it — and also introduce a product called Price Lock that allows you to lock in a price on a route.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:47:47):  So tell us a little bit about Price Lock. What does that do? I’m not familiar with that aspect of the app.
DAVID RISHER (00:47:54):  Yep. So it’s really meant for people who commute the same route every day, and they don’t want the route to go from 20 to 30 to 40 bucks ’cause, you know, say it rained. And by the way, to be very clear, there are good reasons for surge pricing, right? It’s a very good way for us to encourage drivers to drive when there’s more demand than their supply. But because it’s very frustrating for riders, we wanna give people a way to kind of opt out of it. So for a given route — you know, from point A to point B — if you wanna lock in a price, we basically say, here’s the average price over the course of a month. If you wanna lock in, I think it costs $4.99 a month per route. That’s all it takes. And it’s been super popular for people who just want to get that outta their lives.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:48:28):  Huh. Really, really kind of interesting. So let’s talk a little bit about autonomous driving. I was in San Francisco last month — Waymos everywhere. Tell us a little bit about what Lyft wants to do with autonomous vehicles. Are these just shiny objects, or are these the future?
DAVID RISHER (00:48:48):  They’re the future. They’re the future. It will take a long time for this future to come; it will be very unevenly distributed. But they are the future. And the basic reason why is: they are a reliable product, and they’re a safe product —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:49:01):  Safer than human drivers.
DAVID RISHER (00:49:04):  They are, substantially. And it’s because they not only know the policies, but they follow the policies. You know, they tend to follow the rules, and they don’t get distracted. So, not to say some crazy thing won’t happen one time out of a million, but 99.999% of the time, they’ll do the thing that you expect a car to do — which is keep its rider safe. So, okay — so that is coming. So now, as a business person, you have a choice to make, right? You can either embrace this, or you can sort of not. And the thing is, in a sense it’s a choice, but in another sense it’s not, because you’ve seen Kodak and, whatever, Polaroid —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:49:40):  Who, by the way — Kodak invented the digital camera, but didn’t want to cannibalize their own film business. And how did that work out?
DAVID RISHER (00:49:46):  Not exactly — not so well. And then, on the other hand, you look at maybe a company like Netflix, that invented the DVD-by-mail business to sort of set Blockbuster aside, but did such a good job surfing from that to streaming, and now to original content, right? They’re a great company in so many ways, but they were relentless, fearless about cannibalizing their own business to get to the next thing. So that’s the shift that we’re right in the early, early, early days of. It will be another platform shift. But we’re in a very fortunate position, and here’s why. You know, we have millions of riders. We have millions of — billions, billions of data points about pickup and drop-off location and pricing and so forth and so on. And we have a whole subsidiary called Flexdrive that does fleet management, which I can come back to in a couple of seconds. But these are gonna be some of the building blocks of the self-driving — or, I really should say, hybrid — network of the future. ‘Cause that’s the last thing I’ll say, just as sort of intro: self-driving cars are gonna come little by little by little. Human drivers are gonna be around for a long, long, long time. There are not enough self-driving cars in any given market to satisfy peak demand on, you know, Friday afternoon at five o’clock rush hour, or what have you.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:51:01):  So this is not a three-, four-, five-year transition. This is a 10-to-20-year transition. Is that about right?
DAVID RISHER (00:51:07):  Think about it as a decade transition. Yeah. And even, again, the word “transition,” I think, is maybe not quite right, because the economics of an expensive car don’t really lend themselves to having a whole bunch of them sitting around at two in the morning, empty. You really, I think, want a hybrid network for a long, long time — for human reasons, too, right? You might want someone to help you with your luggage, or maybe even someone to ask you how your day was. But the economics of it make it such that it’s much more likely this will be a hybrid network for at least a decade or, you know, more.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:51:37):  So that kind of raises an interesting question: what exactly is Lyft? We know it’s a ride-hailing company; it’s also a transportation market-clearing mechanism. It’s a consumer brand, and it’s also a logistics platform. Like, where is the future growth coming from?
DAVID RISHER (00:51:56):  I mean, you know, a little — all of the above, right? So, as you say, the thing people know Lyft the most for are, you know, human-driven cars picking you up and dropping you off. And as we were just saying, that will become a mix of human-driven and, you know, frankly, robot-driven cars. What you may not know is Lyft also runs the bike share system here in New York City.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:52:15):  Citi Bikes are run by Lyft? I did not know that.
DAVID RISHER (00:52:18):  That’s exactly right. So we run Citi Bike, we run the program in San Francisco, we run the program in Chicago, we run the program in Boston, we’re in Portland, Oregon. And then we also supply the technology and the bikes in London, in Barcelona, in Madrid — you know, many, many countries around the world. This may seem like sort of a small thing, but if you’ve been to a city like New York or London, you’ll know that cities are very, very aware that they want sort of multimodal transportation. So that’s gonna be, you know, a big part of our future as well. And then, look — someday, who knows, maybe boats, maybe vertical-takeoff aircraft. Who knows? But I will tell you that our real focus right now — and we will always be — this is our sort of purpose: serving and connecting. I want people to be out and about, and connect with each other in any possible way we can. That’s really what I want.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:53:05):  So you mentioned London. What are the plans for Baidu robotaxis in London? Is this gonna be a pilot program that could potentially scale up dramatically, like the Waymos in San Francisco?
DAVID RISHER (00:53:21):  That’s right. So again, let’s think about the self-driving car world for a couple of minutes. The technology is being developed worldwide. It’s being developed in the United States — Waymo, of course, is the leader, really the worldwide leader. Zoox, which is owned by Amazon, is much, much smaller, but, you know, trying very hard to come up behind Waymo. And then there’ll be, you know, many others, including maybe Nvidia, and companies that aren’t even really in the space now but will wanna sell their technology to different OEMs — to different, you know, car manufacturers. There’s also technology coming out of China. Baidu is sort of the Google — you think of it as kind of the Alphabet — of China. And there are many, many others. There’s a company called WeRide, there’s a company called Pony, there’s a company called Momenta, there’s a company called Geely. I was just in China a couple of weeks ago, looking at the incredible just growth of technology there — both, again, kind of hardware and software type technology. Okay? So that’s all background. It’s gonna be deployed worldwide. And in the United States, Chinese technology is not super welcome, for obvious reasons. But Europe is taking maybe a little bit of a more sort of economical approach, where they’re kind of looking at different technology providers and saying, let’s experiment. So in London, we’re partners with Baidu. Baidu has a very, very highly regarded self-driving platform, and we’re just in the early days of rolling it out there. It’s called an RT6 car. This is sort of behind-the-scenes stuff — it literally is just rolling off boats right now, and it’ll be commercialized next year.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:54:48):  So I’m looking at the current crop of autonomous vehicles, which are essentially converted traditional cars. But do you really need that front driver’s seat? Can you change up the internal layout? Like, what are autonomous vehicles gonna look like — not in 2060, but in a couple of years?
DAVID RISHER (00:55:11):  So again, it’s such an interesting time to be in this industry, and it’s exactly as you’re saying — like, do you really need a steering wheel? Do you really need, you know, an accelerator and brakes? Zoox, as I say — they’re an Amazon subsidiary — they would say you absolutely don’t. And they have a purpose-built vehicle that doesn’t have either one of those things. Now, for regulatory reasons, for human-acceptance reasons and so forth, for manufacturing reasons, that’s gonna be slower to roll out, because you can’t rely on, you know, the big OEMs to produce a car like that. That’s — it’s its own vehicle. So I think what you’re gonna see over the next three to five years is an enormous amount of new innovation in the car space. It won’t just be, you know, there won’t be a driver. It’ll be — you’ll have seats that face each other. You know, you’ll have seats that completely recline, ’cause you’ve got more space in there. You’ll have different luggage configurations. You’ll have — you know, some of them will feel more like, you know, party buses. Some of them may be, you know, corporate shuttles that just don’t have drivers. A lot of new stuff is gonna come in the next couple of years, step by step, because, again, you know, hardware is hard. It takes a long time to build it out. But, you know, you look five years out, and I think you’re gonna see a lot of cars that look pretty different from what you see today.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:56:16):  I’m unfamiliar with Zoox and Amazon’s relationship with them. But if I recall correctly, Amazon was an early investor — took a big chunk of Rivian. That’s right. And all of the electric Amazon delivery vehicles you see are essentially the Rivian platform repurposed for commercial use. Is Zoox plus Rivian the direction Amazon is going? And do you guys — does Lyft, whose CEO has a relationship with Jeff, have a relationship with Amazon?
DAVID RISHER (00:56:49):  We do have a relationship with Amazon. Of course, we’re huge consumers of AWS, which is Andy’s — the current CEO’s — kind of pride and joy. And for sure we’ll end up using — look, everyone is gonna end up partnering with everyone. That’s the interesting space we’re in right now: if you’re in the business of developing a self-driving car, it’s billions of dollars of R&D — billions of dollars. And so you want as many customers as possible. And then, if you’re in our business — in the business of moving people around and connecting people — you wanna have multiple suppliers of that technology, so you’re not beholden to anyone. Some of that is just being, you know, a smart business person. But some of it also is: technology goes through its own, you know, fits and starts. Look at what happens with the airline business when, all of a sudden, you know, Boeing has a problem with one of its units. You know, they stop manufacturing those for a time, or they’re grounded. So I don’t wanna overdramatize, but, you know, anytime new technology comes out, you’re gonna find some of that happens as well. So all of us are kind of in multiple — you know, let’s say maybe polyamorous relationships might be one way to —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:57:53):  Well, don’t you have to be? You can’t lock into platform dependency too early — otherwise you end up owning Betamax, and what good is that? And I know half our audience has no idea what the hell that —
DAVID RISHER (00:58:05):  Is. There we go. An old —
BARRY RITHOLTZ (00:58:06):  School reference, yeah, right. But I mean, when you commit one way — so let’s talk a little more about the autonomous ride hailing. What are the big concerns? Is it safety? Is it regulation? Is it winning the consumer’s trust? What are the economics of managing a fleet like that?
DAVID RISHER (00:58:25):  Again, so many interesting questions here. Let’s start with the customer side of things, right? So the first order of business has to be building customer trust and adoption for this new technology. Because, you know, it’s a car that drives itself, which is magical, but also can be a bit intimidating or, you know, even scary for people who haven’t seen the technology. Lyft obviously has a lot of value to add right there, because it’s a brand that people already trust; they understand you’ll be able to opt in or opt out of getting it. I was just in Atlanta a couple of weeks ago, where we have an experiment — a small deployment — with a company called May Mobility, which is also in the self-driving car space. They’re Toyota Siennas. They pull up to you, and all of a sudden you get in — it’s kind of a whole different type of experience from what you’ve probably experienced in the past. But because it’s got Lyft behind it, right on the door already, people sort of say, okay, great — I kind of understand this company and know something about it. Okay, that’s great. So then you kind of have to work yourself down the stack. There are all sorts of technology problems that you have to solve as you integrate, you know, their platform and us. And then someone’s gotta manage these cars. And this is worth talking about for a couple seconds. In traditional rideshare, the driver is responsible for their own car, right? They put gas in it, or they charge it up if it’s electric; they keep it clean; hopefully they keep it maintained, and so forth. But in the self-driving space, at least for the next three to five years, most of the car owners are gonna be professional fleet owners. You know, they’re gonna buy 20, 50, a hundred, 500, and are gonna kind of manage these as a fleet. And that means that they’ve gotta be, again, charged and maintained and cleaned — but they have to be done kind of at a professional level. That’s the sort of stage we’re in. We’ve had a subsidiary for many years called Flexdrive. We actually own about 10,000 cars on the Lyft platform for drivers who don’t wanna drive their own car. And we are responsible for maintenance and keeping them cleaned and so forth and so on. So we actually bring a lot to that as well. And I think that’s one of the reasons why we like the economic profile of self-driving cars. They don’t have insurance as high, for example, as personally driven cars. But also, we like the economics of our fleet-management subsidiary, and think we can service these at an industry-leading rate, and therefore, hopefully, make more money on the asset than anybody else.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:00:32):  Is there still gonna be a future for people who — today, you would think of owner-drivers — who just wanna own autonomous vehicles and lease ’em out, or send them out into the Lyft network? Like, I’m crunching the numbers in my head as we’re speaking, and I’m like, oh, that could be a 10, 12% return on investment. Not bad when bond yields are 4%, three and a half percent.
DAVID RISHER (01:00:56):  A hundred percent. I mean, there will be a time where, you know, if you fast-forward, you know, five years or whatever, maybe more, many people — individual owners — have cars that can drive themselves. And then there’s a question, to your point, of, you know, can  you put that on the network? The answer is: absolutely, you’ll be able to put it on the Lyft network, and it’ll come back again cleaned and charged, because of the fleet-management side of things.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:01:14):  Huh — that sounds really, really interesting. You know, it’s funny, ’cause when the ride apps first came out, there was a little bit of a lag before people got comfortable. What do you mean, I’m getting into a stranger’s car? I imagine we’re gonna go through the same thing — what do you mean, I’m getting into a car with no driver? It feels like the transitions are happening faster and faster. Same sort of question: this isn’t a 10-, 20-year thing; this is a couple of years before people — forget people under 30, who adapt so rapidly — the middle part of that age bell curve, the 30-to-60s, they’re gonna adapt to this pretty quickly over the next couple of years. How do you think about the different segments of consumer when it comes to autonomous driving?
DAVID RISHER (01:02:04):  Yeah. You know, I think, as you’re suggesting, younger people do tend to take up new technology, you know, pretty quickly. But in this case, I do believe that many people, after they’ve had a couple of rides and realize that it feels very safe and reliable, I think they’ll flip from skeptic to kind of fans, you know, pretty quickly. Now, I will say policymakers, you know, they have their own, you know, issues — and some of that can be very local. So you may find some cities that just say, we just don’t want ’em on our streets for a period of time. You may find, conversely, other cities that say, bring them, ’cause we wanna feel like a city of the future. So I think there are gonna be some policy issues. There are also some infrastructure issues. Remember that, you know, AVs also tend to be EVs. EVs require charging; charging requires infrastructure. And not every city’s gonna have the amount of, you know, electrical power. I mean, this is kind of a side issue, but if you listen to, you know, Jensen, for example, at Nvidia, talk about what could end up holding the United States back from its next big leap — a lot of it comes down to power infrastructure in this country, right? So anyway, there are many different kind of bits and pieces, all the way from consumer adoption to physical infrastructure to policy and so forth. But I think, again, over the next three to five years, I think you’re gonna see a real shift — mostly because consumers are gonna try them and like them, and then they’re gonna be saying, hey, you know, faster, please.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:03:17):  So here’s the crazy thing about AVs that I’m still kind of shocked about: it relies on visual, on lidar, on radar, and all these other technologies, but there isn’t a whole lot of infrastructure built into the roadway grid. Wouldn’t be that difficult to create a series of RF devices that are specifically geared for autonomous vehicles — that, like, every now and then, if you’re letting the car drive yourself and there’s an exit or a merge — like, it’s not great with those sort of things today, because there’s no real infrastructure. It’s relying on a technology not built for autonomous driving. Is there any sort of motion towards, hey, let’s everybody that’s doing autonomous come up with a set of standards and have the government implement this into the highway system?
DAVID RISHER (01:04:16):  I mean, the short answer is no today — and long-term, for sure. And the reason no today, frankly, is, again, you know, anytime you see these platform shifts, you always have competition for sort of who gets to own the platform, right? And individual companies all have a huge incentive to say, you know, I wanna do it my way. ‘Cause if my way becomes the standard, then everyone else kind of follows along me, and I get to sort of set the standard. Over time, though, you tend to see that those things — that doesn’t become a long-term competitive advantage, typically — particularly for this sort of infrastructure. And so I would fully expect, over time, just in the same way that you can start to see charging networks kind of harmonize, that you’ll see some sort of, you know, kind of federal level. But we’re years before that.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:04:59):  Right. We did see that sort of standardization take place in a lot of other technologies. And suddenly you’re not competing on a standard; you’re competing on highest quality, lowest price, et cetera.
DAVID RISHER (01:05:08):  That’s exactly right.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:05:10):  But you would think that if the cars literally knew exactly where the road was, it would be even that much safer.
DAVID RISHER (01:05:19):  You would think. But I would say, right now, the technology is evolving so quickly at the car level, and really, the safety is very, very, very impressive. And of course, look — I know, you know, tomorrow morning you’re gonna open up, you know, a newspaper or an app, and you’re gonna read about some strange thing that happened, you know, in some strange part of the world, with a self-driving car. And I’m gonna tell you that that is gonna happen — and that’s, you know, one in a million, as opposed to, you know, one in hundreds, which happen every single day with human drivers.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:05:49):  Yeah — those are the clickbait headlines, not the statistically significant practice. All right, so last question before I get to my favorite questions I ask all my guests. When it comes to transportation technology, what are we not discussing as a society, as a government, as consumers, that we really should be? What is kind of getting overlooked in this rush to new technology? It could even be something that you guys are focused on, but a lot of people don’t realize — oh no, this is really significant, and the public hasn’t quite grokked this yet.
DAVID RISHER (01:06:24):  You know, I’m gonna come back to the basic role that technology plays in people’s lives, to help them live their absolute best lives. I’ll tell you something that I’m a lot passionate about personally. And that is: as people live longer lives, one of the things that is very predictive of their quality of life is how much time they’re spending with other people, out and about, socializing.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:06:44):  Socializing.
DAVID RISHER (01:06:45):  Exactly. Very, very highly predictive of a healthy, long life. And as we as a country are getting older — which we are, demographically — that is gonna be an enormous shift, where you have so many more people in their sixties, seventies, even eighties, who wanna live healthy, vibrant lives. And so one of the things I’m really quite proud of with Lyft is, you know, Lyft Silver — a particular product line that we’ve developed over the last year that’s really focused on, you know, helping older folks get out. The apps are easier to use, the cars are easier to get into, the driver’s a little bit more experienced. I think that sort of intersection between societal trend and the type of work we do in transportation is really quite deep. And, you know, maybe just as important, ultimately, is, you know, all of our conversation around medicine and so forth and so on is: keeping people out and about. And I know — here in Oura Ring world, where I am as well — or maybe you’re not, I don’t know.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:07:37):  I am — my wife wanted to get one, so we got a pair. And she got bored being told she’s stressed all the time and stopped wearing it. So now I’m wearing it. So we both — we each have one, and I’m the only one who still wears it. How funny.
DAVID RISHER (01:07:48):  Okay — actually, my wife and I did the same. She said, I get a little tired of seeing, you know, that it’s telling me exactly I’m stressed or I’m not sleeping well. But at least for me, it’s a sort of nice nudge to get good sleep, and, frankly, to kind of keep an active life. And so I see this space — the transportation piece — as somewhat similar. Like, I want technology that kind of helps me live my best life. And I think transportation plays a big role there.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:08:07):  All right, so let’s jump to our speed round — our favorite questions. Starting with: tell us about your mentors who helped shape your career.
DAVID RISHER (01:08:16):  Oh gosh, I love this question, ’cause I think it’s so important for us to remember that we all stand on other people’s shoulders. I’ll list a few. Of course, I worked for Jeff Bezos a lot — I’ve mentioned him. But I wanna mention other people. First big boss: a guy named Todd Nielsen. Todd really taught me the power of a great story, and also the importance of really listening to and watching customers closely. So he taught me two big things there. And then a guy named Peter Spiro — he was the board chair at Worldreader for many years. He and I sort of knew each other back in the Microsoft days, but he was the board chair for the nonprofit I ran. So focused on the team, so focused on the team — you’re only as good as your team. Really learned a ton about management and leadership from Peter.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:08:57):  Huh — really interesting. Let’s talk about books. What are some of your favorites, and what are you reading currently?
DAVID RISHER (01:09:02):  Oh man. I just finished a book called Good People. So I tend to read some fiction and some nonfiction. I’m currently reading a book called Apple in China — all about Apple’s entrance into China, and ultimately the importance that China has, and, frankly, the power that China now has, over Apple. And then Good People is a fictional book about an Afghan family from Afghanistan that moves to the United States, and is either a model family or terrible people. And it’s very, very hard to know which — the book sort of flips back and forth. Remember when I said that books kind of teach empathy and sort of different perspectives? This one does a good job of that.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:09:42):  Huh, really interesting. What about streaming? You listen to any podcasts, or Netflix, Amazon, whatever? What keeps you entertained?
DAVID RISHER (01:09:50):  I do. I am a podcast guy. I have to say, though, I’m kind of traditional when it comes to podcasts. I listen to The Daily from The New York Times pretty regularly. And I think most of it is because I have so many things in my life that are sort of — there’s so much content that comes at you that’s sort of superficial. And at least with The Daily, I feel like I get to go a little deeper on a subject. You know, it tends to be a kind of half-an-hour deep dive on a particular thing. And I do feel — particularly, I also read The New York Times; I know it’s sort of traditional in that way. So if I’ve read an article, and then I kind of hear a podcast on the same topic, I do feel like I’ve actually gotten maybe a little bit smarter about something, you know, beyond the surface.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:10:28):  Let me just push back ever so slightly, please, on how The Daily has evolved. Because when it first came out — and I was a regular listener — I don’t want anybody telling me about the story that’s in the paper that I can read. They used to kind of do the background: hey, how did you start investigating this? What led to this? Tell us some interesting stuff that didn’t make it into the article. It was really inside baseball, and that stuff is kind of fascinating. Now, whenever I check it out, it’s the person — I don’t wanna say reading the story, but it feels like they’ve left a lot of that, you know, behind-the-scenes stuff back three years ago. It’s still — it’s become one of the biggest podcasts in the world. It’s giant.
DAVID RISHER (01:11:13):  Yeah. Yeah. That’s interesting.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:11:15):  Anything else? Anything else you listen to or watch?
DAVID RISHER (01:11:19):  I mean, you know — mindless TV I love, but I’m not gonna embarrass myself and tell you all that sort of stuff. Yeah, we’ll stick with The Daily on this one.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:11:27):  We are in the golden age of mindless TV, for sure. And it’s not — you know, if you are watching The Crown, or Landman, or 3 Body Problem — there’s so many fascinating shows out there. It’s not like garbage time like it was when I was a kid.
DAVID RISHER (01:11:43):  You are right about that. And I will say that my wife and I became obsessed with The Pitt, as many people are. It is funny — and it almost makes you feel like, you know, I’m, like, halfway to being an ER doc myself. By the way, you are not — so don’t think that that’s true. But what is hilarious is my wife’s tolerance for some of the gory stuff is a little lower than mine. So she watches The Pitt with her hand kind of half in front of her face the whole time.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:12:04):  My wife — we watched the first couple episodes. She’s like, this is just too much. It’s like — you wanna relax? And it’s very serious. I just kind of tense out.
DAVID RISHER (01:12:11):  Yeah. But it’s a great cast, and it’s a great set of stories, for sure.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:12:16):  Final two questions. What sort of advice would you give to a recent college grad interested in a career in either technology or business?
DAVID RISHER (01:12:25):  So my advice here tends to be — it’s always sort of the same. And here’s how it goes. There’s so much temptation when you’re picking your job early on to pick something that sort of seems like it’s gonna be good on your resume, or maybe it’s gonna make you a lot of money — whatever it is. This is sort of the temptation, ’cause it’s so sort of in the air, maybe now more than ever, because of social media. And, oh man — the people that I see succeed are really the ones that say: yes, I have an economic reality; I have to sort of do better than that. But once the economic reality has been met, it is all about: pick something you think you’re really gonna love and are gonna be good at. And I say that like — you have to be a bit introspective of this. You know, maybe you love, you know, selling. Okay, great — so take a sales job. Maybe you love listening to customers — great, take maybe a marketing job. Maybe — but I’m trying to make this sound maybe a little bit more interesting than “follow your passions,” ’cause that’s so trite. But there is something to it: really kind of being introspective about what you think you’re gonna just jump outta bed every morning and love doing tends to be a much more powerful predictor of long-term success than people who try to optimize for that short-term, sort of get-rich-quick type of thing — and then find themselves later realizing, shoot, this isn’t really my thing. It’s somebody else’s thing.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:13:39):  Really, really good answer. And our final question: what do you know about the world of consumer-facing technology and apps today that would’ve been useful to know 25, 30 years ago, when you were first getting started?
DAVID RISHER (01:13:53):  Wow. Okay. That’s also a really interesting question. You know, I think I’ve probably gone through a similar arc to other people, where in the nineties — maybe even early two-thousands — I was sort of a universal techno-optimist. I probably was in the camp that said technology is such a powerful force for the good. And you see me try to, you know, harness it with Worldreader, specifically — of course, trying to take technology and get people reading. In that case, it did work. We’ve gotten, you know, over 22 million people reading. So that’s awesome. But, oh man, it is hard not to see some of the just terrible costs we’ve paid as a society. And so I think — maybe more of a mindset than a particular thing — of just: be really aware that technology is so powerful, and, man, with great power comes great responsibility. And I’m just a big believer that our best leaders now — and I’m not necessarily putting myself in the category — are being really thoughtful about, you know, the good of technology, but also really trying to avoid some of the problems.
BARRY RITHOLTZ (01:14:53):  Good, good answer. David, thank you for being so generous with your time. This has been absolutely fascinating. We have been speaking with David Risher. He is the CEO of Lyft, one of North America’s largest ride-sharing networks. If you enjoy this conversation, well, be sure and check out any of the 639 we’ve done over the past 12 years. You can find those at iTunes, Spotify, YouTube, Bloomberg — wherever you find your favorite podcasts. I would be remiss if I did not thank the crack team that helps me put these conversations together each week: Alexis Noriega is my video and podcast producer, Sean Russo is my researcher, Anna Luke is my producer. I’m Barry Ritholtz. You’ve been listening to Masters in Business on Bloomberg Radio.
 
 
~~~
 

 
 
This content, which contains security-related opinions and/or information, is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon in any manner as professional advice, or an endorsement of any practices, products or services. There can be no guarantees or assurances that the views expressed here will be applicable for any particular facts or circumstances, and should not be relied upon in any manner. You should consult your own advisers as to legal, business, tax, and other related matters concerning any investment.  The commentary in this “post” (including any related blog, podcasts, videos, and social media)  reflects the personal opinions, viewpoints, and analyses of the Ritholtz Wealth Management employees providing such comments, and should not be regarded the views of Ritholtz Wealth Management LLC. or its respective affiliates or as a description of advisory services provided by Ritholtz Wealth Management or performance returns of any Ritholtz Wealth Management Investments client.   References to any securities or digital assets, or performance data, are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute an investment recommendation or offer to provide investment advisory services. Charts and graphs provided within are for informational purposes solely and should not be relied upon when making any investment decision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The content speaks only as of the date indicated. Any projections, estimates, forecasts, targets, prospects, and/or opinions expressed in these materials are subject to change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by others.   The Compound Media, Inc., an affiliate of Ritholtz Wealth Management, receives payment from various entities for advertisements in affiliated podcasts, blogs and emails. Inclusion of such advertisements does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by the Content Creator or by Ritholtz Wealth Management or any of its employees. Investments in securities involve the risk of loss. For additional advertisement disclaimers see here: https://www.ritholtzwealth.com/advertising-disclaimers  Please see disclosures here: https://ritholtzwealth.com/blog-disclosures/
Previous Post

Read More 
Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry daily.




How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy
Learn More...



    © 2026    The Big Picture  
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks.




Subscribe
"
52,2026-07-08,"Investing

							Mounjaro alone generated $8.7 billion in Q1 2026, up 125% year over year, driving LLY above $1,213 and into stock split territory.													

							LLY surged 14% in the 30 days after earnings, outpacing SPY's 6% and QQQ's 12% over the same window.													

							Board directors bought shares at progressively higher prices from $920 to $1,129, while management raised full-year revenue guidance to a range of $82 billion to $85 billion.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Eli Lilly didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© inray27 / Shutterstock.com
$8.662 billion. That is what Mounjaro alone generated for Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY | LLY Price Prediction) in the first quarter of 2026, a single product, a single quarter, up 125% year over year. The figure was disclosed in Lilly’s Q1 2026 earnings release on April 30, 2026, an actual reported figure.
This key growth driver is what I’d argue is the central investing thesis behind investors who have continued to buy LLY stock at more than $1,200 per share, positioning this stock for a potential stock split (at least in my view).
Mounjaro is now doing roughly the annual revenue of a mid-cap pharma company every 90 days.
When investors add Zepbound at $4.160 billion in the same quarter (up 80%), and the incretin franchise pushed group revenue to $19.799 billion (55.55% higher than a year earlier), it’s clear to see that there’s no shortage of growth with this biotech giant. Impressively, the company’s volume climbed 65% year over year this past quarter, while realized prices fell 13%. That is a mix Eli Lilly can live with.
Overall, I think the company’s volume growth is its operating leverage, and by all measures, these numbers are surging. With operating income recently hitting $8.915 billion (up 64.84%), and net income landing at $7.396 billion, higher by 168.04%. Non-GAAP EPS of $8.55 beat consensus of $6.7921 by a 25.88% margin, the biggest surprise in the four-quarter streak of beats.
Shares closed at $934.60 on the day of the Q1 earnings report, up 3.07% from the prior close of $851.21. The move has continued since, with LLY stock now trading right around $1,200 per share. That’s good for a gain of around 14% since its earnings report (outpacing the overall NASDAQ), and good for a gain of nearly 450% over the past five years alone.
In other words, forget semiconductor stocks, Eli Lilly is the high-growth large-cap stock many investors are watching perhaps more closely right now.
Every claim behind Lilly’s four-digit share price is measurable. The company’s management team recently raised its full-year 2026 revenue guidance to $82.0 billion to $85.0 billion from the prior $80.0 billion to $83.0 billion, lifted non-GAAP EPS guidance to $35.50 to $37.00 from $33.50 to $35.00, and pushed performance margin guidance to 47.0% to 48.5%. These are guidance figures for the full year.
I think the important thing to note is that this is a biotech giant with a pipeline that’s broadening its base. CEO David A. Ricks framed the quarter this way: “2026 is off to a strong start, we delivered 56% revenue growth in the first quarter and raised our full-year revenue guidance by $2 billion. A key milestone was the U.S. FDA approval of Foundayo, the only approved GLP-1 pill that can be taken any time of day, without food and water restrictions.”
Beyond incretins, key products in immunology, oncology and neuroscience grew 160% year over year, with Ebglyss up 141%, Omvoh up 115%, and Jaypirca up 79%. Four acquisitions were announced in the quarter (Orna Therapeutics, Centessa Pharmaceuticals, Kelonia Therapeutics, and Ajax Therapeutics), extending the pipeline into cell therapies, sleep-wake disorders, in vivo CAR-T, and myelofibrosis.
Importantly, insiders are also voting with their own wallets. Four of the company’s top directors bought shares on the same dates in April, May, and June 2026, at prices climbing from $919.90 to $988.09 to $1,129.35. That is board-level buying at progressively higher prices, month after month. The sell-side is aligned: an average analyst price target of $1,220.39, with 6 strong buys and 17 buys against 5 holds. On forward earnings of roughly 33x, this is priced as a growth compounder.
A four-digit share price and a $1.06 trillion market cap make Lilly a natural candidate for a split conversation, and the fundamentals give management room to push for such a move.
For long-term holders, the number to remember is the one that drove the run: -Mounjaro at $8.662 billion in a single quarter, growing at triple digits. The next scheduled read on that trajectory is Lilly’s Investment Community Meeting on December 7, 2026. Until then, an ex-dividend date of August 14, 2026 is the next mile marker.
To sum it up, Eli Lilly’s share price growth is loud. The revenue growth supporting this move could be even louder.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Chris MacDonald is a 24/7 Wall St. contributor and long-time contributor to other notable finance publications, including The Motley Fool and InvestorPlace. With an MBA in Finance, and more than a decade of experience in venture capital and the corporate finance world, Chris brings a long-term perspective to his analysis of equities and alternative assets. 
His love of investing and focus on finding quality undervalued stocks is complemented by recent research into alternative assets as well. He takes a long-term approach to analyzing companies and cryptos, with a focus on directing the reader to the most sustainable and important catalysts for each respective potential investment.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Eli Lilly (NYSE: LLY | LLY Price Prediction) delivered a commanding third quarter, posting earnings and revenue that significantly exceeded…
On CNBC’s Mad Dash segment on Monday, July 6, 2026, Jim Cramer made one of his most bullish biotech calls…
Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY | LLY Price Prediction) just delivered one of the most impressive quarters in big pharma history, and…
Abbott Laboratories (NYSE: ABT | ABT Price Prediction) and Eli Lilly (NYSE: LLY) just reported Q3 earnings that highlight two…
Pfizer (NYSE: PFE | PFE Price Prediction) and Eli Lilly (NYSE: LLY) recently reported quarterly results that read like two…
Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY | LLY Price Prediction) received another bullish call from Wall Street. Barclays analyst Emily Field raised her…
I keep buying Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY | LLY Price Prediction), and the latest quarter just made it harder to stop.…
Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY | LLY Price Prediction) has built one of the most remarkable growth stories in modern pharmaceutical history…
The rivalry in the GLP-1 market between pharmaceutical leaders Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY | LLY Price Prediction) and Novo Nordisk (NYSE:NVO)…"
53,2026-07-08,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Zuckerberg credits an $800 product with changing the game for him on work calls. 
Copied to clipboard
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg stands behind his company’s products. The 42-year-old CEO recently vouched for Meta’s $800 smart glasses, insisting that the glasses allowed him to take calls in loud places with crystal-clear audio for both him and the call recipient. 
“I’ve taken business calls on a jet ski,” he said in an interview published earlier this week with Complex. “The other person could not tell that I was on it.” 
Zuckerberg said that the Meta glasses have a microphone placed in the nose pad, which only picks up necessary noise and allows for clear audio. He claimed that the audio clarity of the glasses is good enough that “you could literally be in a wind tunnel and it would sound completely clear to the person on the other side.” 
This means that it is easier than ever to work while on the go — even on a jet ski. “You don’t necessarily want to tell the other person that you’re on a jet ski,” Zuckerberg joked. 
Zuckerberg, one of the richest people in the world, is the face of Meta’s lineup of smart glasses. The products range from the Ray-Ban Meta (Gen 2) at $379 to the $800 Meta Ray-Ban Display glasses, which are Meta’s first glasses with a built-in display that Zuckerberg revealed in September. The Display glasses come with a wristband that picks up electrical signals in the arm so wearers can use subtle hand gestures to control the display. The screen shows alerts, texts, photos and live translations. 
Zuckerberg is betting that smart glasses will grow in popularity. He pointed out in the interview with Complex that Meta has a built-in market with the nearly two billion people globally who already wear glasses to correct their vision problems. 
He also said that smart glasses have the advantage of allowing users to stay “present” with the people around them in a way that phones cannot match. The AI assistant on the glasses has the powerful capability to “see what you see, hear what you hear, talk to you throughout the day,” he said.  
He additionally compared the switch from smartphones to smart glasses to the shift from flip phones to smartphones. 
“It felt pretty clear that in five years or whatever, all of the flip phones were going to be smartphones, and that’s basically how I feel about glasses today,” he said.
Zuckerberg said in the interview with Complex that Meta has been working on the foundational technology for smart glasses since 2014. The company isn’t just looking back; it’s also planning ahead. Meta has a solid long-term vision for the category and is already preparing its 2028 smart glasses offerings. 
Smart glasses are one part of Zuckerberg’s effort to build “personal superintelligence,” or AI that surpasses human intelligence. In a public letter last year, Zuckerberg wrote that Meta’s goal is not to automate or change the workforce with AI, but to “bring personal intelligence to everyone” first and allow individuals to change their lives with it. 
“I am extremely optimistic that superintelligence will help humanity accelerate our pace of progress,” Zuckerberg wrote in the letter.
Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg stands behind his company’s products. The 42-year-old CEO recently vouched for Meta’s $800 smart glasses, insisting that the glasses allowed him to take calls in loud places with crystal-clear audio for both him and the call recipient. 
“I’ve taken business calls on a jet ski,” he said in an interview published earlier this week with Complex. “The other person could not tell that I was on it.” 
Zuckerberg said that the Meta glasses have a microphone placed in the nose pad, which only picks up necessary noise and allows for clear audio. He claimed that the audio clarity of the glasses is good enough that “you could literally be in a wind tunnel and it would sound completely clear to the person on the other side.” 

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
54,2026-07-08,"A new type of daily pill has proven more effective for weight loss  and blood sugar control for people with type 2 diabetes than its currently available counterparts,  according to a recent trial. The drug, known as orforglipron, could be a  game-changer in the rapidly expanding oral weight-loss drug market.
The advent of the injectable weight-loss drug semaglutide, known  better by its brand names Wegovy (for weight loss) and Ozempic (for type 2 diabetes), marked a distinct shift in  the weight-loss drugs market when it became available just a few years  ago.
Semaglutide is a class of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) medication.  These drugs mimic the gut hormone GLP-1, which is released soon after  eating. This hormone signals fullness to the brain, slowing digestion  and stimulating the release of insulin. By replicating the action of  this hormone, GLP-1 drugs have proven highly effective at managing type 2 diabetes and promoting weight loss.
Although semaglutide is widely used,  a key issue with the drug is that it needs to be injected into the  belly, thighs or back of the arm. This can make it difficult for  patients with needle phobia or who don’t want to self-inject due to the  inconvenience.
Another logistical issue with injectable GLP-1 drugs is that they  require refrigeration throughout the supply chain. This can pose a  challenge in low- and middle-income countries.
It’s for these reasons that researchers and developers have started investigating the efficacy of oral versions of semaglutide.
Based on current research, it appears that oral semaglutide is very effective. However, it must be taken on an empty stomach – and users must wait 30 minutes before eating or drinking.
Alongside being expensive to produce, it also has poor  bioavailability compared with injectable semaglutide. This means only  about 1% of the ingested drug is absorbed and able to exert its effects.
But a recent phase 3 clinical trial has shown that a new type of oral  weight-loss pill may have overcome these issues – proving to be more  effective than the current oral semaglutide products on the market.
The recent 52-week phase 3 trial  involved 1,698 adults with type 2 diabetes across six countries. It set  out to compare current oral semaglutide products against orforglipron,  which is also taken as a daily tablet.
The primary measure researchers were looking for was a reduction in  HbA1c. This blood test reflecting average blood sugar levels over three  months is the standard indicator of diabetes control. Diabetes is  present if HbA1c is 6.5% or more.
From a baseline average HbA1c of 8.3%, it was found that after 52  weeks, orforglipron was able to reduce this value by an average of  1.71–1.91%. In comparison, oral semaglutide only reduced HbA1c by 1.47%.
Not only did orforglipron meet the trial’s goals of proving it was as  effective to oral semaglutide, it proved it was superior for lowering  blood sugar. The participants who took orforglipron also lost more  weight – an average of 6.1kg-8.2kg, compared with 5.3kg in those taking  semaglutide.
However, a key issue highlighted by the trial was one of tolerability.
GLP-1 drugs can cause gastrointestinal side-effects  such as nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and constipation. In this latest  trial, around 59% of participants on orforglipron reported such  symptoms, compared with 37–45% on semaglutide.
The reason for this difference may be the more prominent, daily peak  drug concentrations with orforglipron. The consequence was that around  10% of orforglipron participants discontinued treatment due to adverse  effects. Just 4-5% of those taking semaglutide discontinued treatment.
No head-to-head trials have been done of injectable GLP-1 versus  orforglipron. However, the weight loss seen in this study of people with  type 2 diabetes is broadly comparable with that previously observed with injectable GLP-1.
The trial’s results show that orforglipron, which was developed by  Eli Lilly, can be considered one of semaglutide’s most credible  challengers.
Another remarkable thing about orforglipron is that it belongs to a  new category of drugs called small-molecule drugs. This means it’s a  synthetic chemical compound small enough to be absorbed directly through  the gut wall. There, it’s able to act on GLP-1 receptors, even though  it isn’t of a similar structure to a GLP-1 hormone.
Oral semaglutide, on the other hand, is a peptide drug. This means  the structure of its amino acids (one of the building blocks of protein)  closely resembles that of the natural GLP-1 hormone.
As a small-molecule drug, orforglipron is cheaper and simpler to manufacture than peptide-based drugs such as semaglutide.
And as with oral semaglutide, it requires no refrigeration. This  gives it a logistical advantage over injectable GLP-1 formulations – a  potentially important consideration for expanding access in low- and  middle-income countries, where cold chain infrastructure is unreliable.
It remains to be seen, however, how orforglipron will perform against oral semaglutide in the broader market.
Although this latest trial has shown it is superior for controlling  blood sugar and aiding weight loss, its higher rate of side-effects and  treatment discontinuation may temper enthusiasm. In a crowded and  competitive market, long-term adherence – shaped as much by tolerability  as by efficacy – is probably a critical differentiator.
Orforglipron is still undergoing trials in patients with obesity but without diabetes.
Story Source:
Materials provided by The Conversation. Original written by Martin Whyte, Associate Professor of Metabolic Medicine, University of Surrey. Note: Content may be edited for style and length.
Cite This Page:
A Surprising Meteorite Discovery Could Change the Hunt for Life on Mars
Scientists Thought Royal Jelly Made Queen Bees. They Were Wrong
Childhood Hardships Leave Biological Scars That Last a Lifetime
The Spider-Like Creatures Helping Scientists Decode the Origins of Fatherhood
Stay informed with ScienceDaily's free email newsletter, updated daily and weekly. Or view our many newsfeeds in your RSS reader:
Keep up to date with the latest news from ScienceDaily via social networks:
Tell us what you think of ScienceDaily -- we welcome both positive and negative comments. Have any problems using the site? Questions?"
55,2026-07-08,"Before the stock took off, the company was running a high-stakes test in the U.K. that was quietly proving its entire turnaround strategy could work.
When a company starts talking about “geo-specific initiatives,” it’s usually a good time to grab a coffee. The phrase screams corporate jargon, a vague promise of local tailoring that rarely moves the needle. But heading into mid-2025, that was exactly where the most potent clue about eBay (EBAY)’s impending 52% surge was hiding.
The unremarkable headline numbers masked the real story. After a long slumber, Gross Merchandise Volume had posted its fourth consecutive quarter of positive GMV growth as of its fiscal Q1 2025 report. A pulse, but a faint one. The real action was in a radical overhaul of its consumer-to-consumer (C2C) business, and the proving ground was the United Kingdom.
In late 2024, eBay flipped the switch on a bold experiment. It eliminated most selling fees for casual sellers in the U.K., a dramatic move to reduce friction and entice people to list the millions of items gathering dust in their homes. The question was simple: would it work? Would a firehose of new, unique inventory hit the marketplace?
The answer, delivered in the company’s February 2025 earnings call, was an emphatic yes. Management reported a “double-digit improvement in C2C GMV growth versus our pre-launch baseline in The U.K.” The initiative, they added, had “outperformed our internal expectations to date.” This powerful result was a clear signal that the company had found a lever to stimulate supply and, with it, growth.
Growth is one thing; profitable growth is another. Slashing seller fees is an easy way to buy volume, but it leaves a hole in revenue. The next, and more important, test was whether eBay could monetize this new activity. The plan was to introduce a buyer-facing fee and a new managed shipping program.
The final piece of the puzzle fell into place on the April 30, 2025 earnings call, the last one before the stock began its run. Management confirmed that even after introducing the new buyer fees, “C2C GMV growth and other KPIs have remained significantly higher than their prelaunch baselines.” The model worked. They could spark growth and get paid for it. The company had successfully piloted and de-risked a whole new growth engine.
For all the positive data piling up, the options market seemed unimpressed. In the weeks before the surge, implied volatility for eBay stock was hovering right around the 52nd percentile of its one-year range. Traders weren’t positioning for a breakout; they were pricing in business as usual. The signal was there in the company’s own reports, but it wasn’t being priced in.
The company was road-testing a new, monetizable playbook in plain sight, proving it could work before the stock price ever reacted.
And if it is exposure to consumer discretionary as a whole you want, rather than hunting the next single name to surge, a consumer discretionary ETF like XLY covers that single sector.
Spotting a setup before it runs is a real edge – but a name you are excited about has a way of becoming an oversized part of your portfolio, and the same volatility that powers a surge can reverse it. Concentration turns that reversal into real damage, and selling to trim it triggers a tax bill. There is a way to lock in the gains and diversify without the tax hit.

Compass Stock On Fire: Up 28% With 7-Day Winning Streak


Better Value & Growth: MU, NVDA Lead Broadcom Stock


Enova International Stock On Fire: Up 28% With 11-Day Winning Streak


Global Payments Stock Rockets 17% With 6-Day Winning Streak


Okta Stock On Fire: Up 21% With 7-Day Winning Streak


Rocket Companies Stock Surges 19%, With A 7-Day Winning Spree


Palo Alto Networks Stock Surges 23%, With A 5-Day Winning Spree


ServiceNow Stock Pulls Back to Support – Smart Entry?


Stronger Bet Than AbbVie Stock: INCY Delivers More


Own PepsiCo For Beverage Growth? Keurig Dr Pepper’s Case Is Stronger



						The UK Playbook That Telegraphed The eBay Stock Surge
					



						Is eBay Stock A Compounding Engine?
					



						Forget Timing the Bottom: Earn 8.9% While You Wait for EBAY on Sale
					



						Is eBay Stock Optimizing Returns Through the Denominator Effect?
					



						eBay Stock Shares $20 Bil Success With Investors
					



						Should eBay Go For GameStop’s Offer?
					



						The One Metric That Complicates eBay’s Rally
					



						eBay Stock Capital Return Hits $40 Bil
					



						Stronger Bet Than eBay Stock: ETSY Delivers More
					



						Better Bet Than eBay Stock: Pay Less To Get More From ETSY
					



						S&P 500 Movers | Winners: EA, PCAR, CDW | Losers: COST, ORCL, EBAY
					



						Better Bet Than eBay Stock: Pay Less To Get More From ETSY
					

©Copyright 2026 Insight Guru Inc. All Rights Reserved.
By using the Site, you agree to be bound by our Terms of
		Use.  Financial market data powered by Quotemedia.com.
		Consensus EPS estimates are from QuoteMedia and are updated every weekday.
		All rights reserved.

		NYSE/AMEX data delayed 20 minutes.  NASDAQ and other
		data delayed 15 minutes unless indicated.
		"
56,2026-07-08,Intel's blockbuster year is becoming even more notable.
57,2026-07-08,"Weight-loss medications have surged in popularity over the last few years, with more than two million people in the UK now using them.
But while drugs like Wegovy and Mounjaro have helped people reduce their weight, they also seem to be reshaping some users' spending habits.
Mounjaro and Wegovy - the UK's most popular weight-loss medications - work by mimicking a natural hormone, GLP-1, which regulates hunger, and those who use them say they find their appetite is reduced.
In June, market research company Worldpanel by Numerator published a study looking at how this affects grocery spending among UK users. The research was based on survey responses and observed purchase data from more than 11,000 households in February.
A key finding was that households with at least one GLP-1 user spent on average £418 less on groceries in the year after they began their medication, compared with non-users.
This amounted to a fall of £780m in grocery spending nationally, it estimated.
It chimes with a peer-reviewed study from Cornell University published last year, which found that US households with at least one member using weight-loss drugs spent 5% less on groceries within six months of starting the medication, with that rising to 8% among higher income families.
People also cut back on buying some items and started spending more on others when taking weight-loss medications, Worldpanel found.
As the chart above shows, the control group reported spending less on chocolate and pastries and more on fruit and protein-rich foods like prawns - a likely result of feeling fuller for longer and being less prone to eat out of boredom. They also consumed less alcohol.
But they bought more chewing gum, mouthwash and hair dyes - products that counter common GLP-1 side effects like thinning hair and bad breath.
Nishita Pattni, a senior consultant at Worldpanel by Numerator, told the BBC that weight-loss jabs weren't ""simply reducing spending"" but ""reshaping it"". 
""This isn't simply a story of shrinking demand. It's also a story of shifting demand.""
Cornell's research found users cut back most on calorie-dense, processed foods, spending 10% less on savoury snacks, for example. 
They also bought less cheese, butter, soft drinks and eggs but more yoghurt.  
However, it found households ""revert to their pre-adoption grocery spending patterns"" when they stop taking their medication, and even shift toward slightly less healthy grocery baskets.
Weight-loss jabs also appear to be affecting how much people spend on eating out.
Nearly two-thirds of those surveyed by Worldpanel reported cutting out or trying to reduce meals out since starting their jabs. 
According to Worldpanel, over half of weight-loss jab users surveyed describe their approach to eating as ""mindful"", meaning they are guided by hunger cues rather than habit or routine.
Cornell's research, meanwhile, found an 8% decline in spending at fast-food chains and coffee shops.
Despite potential savings for weight-loss jab users in some areas, the cost of the drugs is a concern for some. 
The vast majority of UK patients pay for their medications privately and prescriptions can cost more than £300 a month.
A survey of 167 users by Zava, an online doctor and pharmacy service that sells weight-loss drugs, found the number one reason people stopped taking their medication was cost.
Meanwhile, the Health Foundation, a charity, has said affluent areas of the UK see higher rates of prescriptions on average, despite lower obesity prevalence, based on data from one private provider.
A council committee recommended earlier opening should be allowed during the all-Ireland music and dance festival - Fleadh Cheoil na hÉireann – in August.
Jolly's, which traded for more than 200 years, was due to open under new management this year.
The ban on A-boards has been negatively received by Cheltenham small businesses.
Outlet village has become a symbol of Castleford - yet is now named after Leeds, 15 miles away.
With food prices rising rapidly, do loyalty schemes still have any connection to loyalty?
Copyright 2026 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
58,2026-07-08,"My Niagara Falls itinerary was complete: a drive from Maryland to Buffalo, then across the border into Canada, where a stay at one of the most epic-looking hotels awaited. At least, that's what I had planned.
I've spent about five years in the travel space, helping destinations tell stories. I've toured hotels, photographed attractions, and spent years thinking about what makes someone stop scrolling and book a trip.
Surprisingly, none of my expertise stopped me from falling for a photograph.
In the weeks leading up to my trip with my daughters, ages 11 and 14, I found myself doing what millions of travelers do before a vacation: scrolling Instagram. When you're traveling with teens, getting the perfect photo can sometimes feel like its own vacation milestone. I searched the location tag for Niagara Falls and studied photo after photo, trying to pinpoint the exact spot where the most impressive ones had been taken. I wanted the shot that would instantly tell everyone I was here.
Again and again, I saw images of hotel rooms overlooking the falls with beds positioned as if they were almost floating above the water. Travelers were sipping their coffee while staring directly at one of North America's most iconic natural wonders. The photos made it seem as though the water was almost directly against the window, an illusion created with a falls view room.
Seeing this view became one of the main reasons I booked the trip.
My room at Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls wasn't cheap. Each night was around $400, and I'd convinced myself it was worth every penny for the Instagram-famous perspective I'd been dreaming of seeing.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Then, I opened the curtains.
The room wasn't bad, and honestly, it was quite nice. I could see the falls well. Arriving at night, I could watch the falls glow with colorful illuminations above the mist from my balcony. However, for a photo, it wasn't the dramatic perspective I'd envisioned. The room sat further back from the water than I was expecting, and the view wasn't immersive like the images that inspired me.
Later, I learned that the photos were of Niagara Falls Marriott Fallsview Hotel & Spa, the property situated just across the road, right on the water. Both boasted a falls view, but only one had made it into Instagram virality in my feed.
At first, I was annoyed with myself. Even after years of working in travel marketing, I had gotten caught chasing an image instead of an experience.
Then, something shifted. I stopped comparing my trip to the one I'd imagined online and started living in the moment. I lingered longer than planned, wandered without checking my itinerary, and settled into the vacation feeling that arrives when you simply let yourself be there.
One afternoon, I stopped at the nearby IHOP for a meal. From my table above the water, I had a clear view of what appeared to be the hotel I'd originally wanted to book. I could see the towering windows stacked floor after floor above the falls. Looking down, I could make out silhouettes of guests standing by windows or lounging on beds positioned directly against the glass.
It looked exactly like the photos, just from the outside. For the first time, I noticed what the photos never showed: how visible everyone was. Travelers sat right against the windows, admiring the falls while  becoming part of the view themselves.
Suddenly, my own room seemed more appealing.
I still had a view of the falls, but I also had privacy. I wasn't spending my vacation like I was on display inside a giant glass box when the curtains were open.
Somewhere between planning the trip and taking it, I'd started optimizing for how the vacation would look instead of how it would feel. The experience reminded me of something I already knew professionally but had forgotten as a traveler.
Travel marketing is powerful because it's designed to capture a feeling. Photographers wait for the perfect light. Destinations highlight their most dramatic angle. Hotels showcase their most spectacular rooms. None of that is dishonest. It's marketing's job to present the best version of an experience.
I've done that work myself.
However, a single image can also flatten reality. It can convince us that one view or angle is the trip, when really it's one small part.
As the days passed, I spent less time thinking about my hotel window and more time enjoying Niagara Falls itself — the mist on my face near the water, the sound of the falls at night, the energy of the crowds at Clifton Hill.
The irony is that after spending more than $400 a night chasing a view, some of my favorite vantage points of Niagara Falls were completely free. The overlooks along the promenade offered wide, dramatic perspectives that I couldn't see from the hotel.
As someone who has spent years helping destinations market themselves, that may have been the most valuable travel lesson of all: a destination's beauty is rarely confined to one angle. Fortunately, Niagara Falls was impressive enough that once I stopped looking for the perfect photograph, I finally saw the destination itself.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
59,2026-07-08,"Fox One's World Cup marketing playbook is all about letting the creators do the scoring.
The World Cup is a high-stakes moment for Fox One, which has described the tournament as like a ""second launch"" for the subscription-streaming service that debuted last August. Fox One had to ensure its creative punched above its weight to stand out among the myriad brands looking to cash in on the event.
Enter the influencers.
Fox One partnered with Indeed to search for a ""Chief World Cup Watcher,"" who would be paid $50,000 to watch every game from inside a viewing cube located in New York's Times Square. They ended up employing two — Austin Franklin and Kevin Akoto — who have consistently drawn crowds and added online reach for the brand. A video of Norwegian fans performing their signature ""Viking row"" outside the cube drew 1 million views on Instagram in the first 24 hours, and is now up to more than 15 million, Fox said.
A post shared by Austin Franklin (@austinfrankln)
""We feel like we've landed on a gold mine,"" Brian Borkowski, CMO of Fox's direct-to-consumer business, told CMO Insider.
He added that Fox One had been fielding outreach from sports leagues, talent agencies, and advertisers looking to get in on the action, including one company that floated the idea of delivering a package to the cube via drone. (It turns out it's tricky to get permission to fly a drone through Times Square.)
Fox One also partnered with top livestreamer iShowSpeed, who is streaming watchalongs for select games for viewers with a Fox One subscription and posting other content as he attends games and meets players and fans.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
""We've been very pleasantly surprised to see the scale YouTube's been able to drive for us,"" Borkowski said. ""That was completely unexpected.""
Despite early jitters about whether the World Cup would capture American audiences more accustomed to ""football"" than ""soccer,"" this year's tournament has driven huge TV ratings and online buzz.
Social posts tagged #FIFA, #WorldCup, or ""World Cup"" have driven more than $4 billion in earned media value — a calculation of how much attention they gained organically without needing to use paid advertising — according to CreatorIQ, an influencer marketing platform.
""You put the World Cup in anything, and it just seems to get likes,"" Borkowski said.
Fox Sports, which is airing the World Cup on its linear TV channels, has also unleashed a World Cup marketing blitz, featuring some of soccer's biggest stars. Fox One's approach has been to target cord-cutters and cord-nevers to get them to sign up for the platform. While the two Fox arms have combined forces on some of their marketing efforts, Fox One hasn't wanted to encourage further cord-cutting by running ads on linear TV and has instead focused its paid ads on connected TV, social media, and out-of-home placements.
The video ads, which carry the tagline ""The FIFA World Cup Comes First,"" feature humorous situations — like snakes invading a kid's party and a driving lesson going horribly wrong — in which soccer fans are oblivious to the disasters because they're distracted by the games.
Borkowski said that while many other World Cup ads feature fans cheering and ""a lot of face paint,"" Fox One deliberately took a different approach to stand out.
""I'm a big believer in humor in marketing,"" Borkowski said. ""If you can make someone laugh, that's the best way to get them to remember you.""
Borkowski said the World Cup has already achieved ""well above what we expected"" in driving new subscribers and watch time on Fox One, though declined to share numbers.
Ampere Analysis, which has access to a panel that monitors millions of US internet users, estimated that the start of the World Cup drove the second-largest day of sign-ups in Fox One's history, behind only the start of the NFL season in September. Ampere estimated the company added nearly twice as many new customers in June as in any previous month of operation, and more than 1 million new subscribers in the first week of the World Cup alone. Overall, Fox One drove the second-highest number of new sign-ups across all streaming services in June, behind only Paramount+, which benefited from the White House UFC event, a Prime Day promotion, and a customer migration from BET+, Ampere said.
Borkowski is aware that the heavy lifting will need to continue once the World Cup concludes on July 19 to sustain the influx of new subscribers.
Fox One has been working with the marketing measurement firm Haus to improve its cost-per-acquisition ratio relative to each subscriber's lifetime value. Haus is also helping Fox One conduct geography-based incrementality testing, a marketing method that helps brands determine whether a particular channel is working by running a campaign in one geography while holding out in another and comparing the results.
Fox One is testing different user onboarding journeys and offers — such as buy two months, get one month free — designed to keep people on the platform after the World Cup ends.
Borkowski's biggest marketing takeaway from his World Cup experience?
Figuring out ""how to remain nimble"" when something unexpectedly pops off, and making sure the team was set up to have the bandwidth — and some reserve paid media budget — to ""pour fuel on the fire,"" he said.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
60,2026-07-08,"This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with John Hu, a 30-year-old cofounder of Stan in Venice, California. It's been edited for length and clarity.
I worked as an investment banking analyst at Goldman Sachs in New York from 2016 to 2017 and at another investment bank in San Francisco from 2018 to 2020.
I started an MBA at Stanford in 2020 but dropped out to build Stan, a creator monetization platform whose core business is Stan Store, which helps people sell digital products and courses. We went on to launch Stanley, an AI product that helps people develop and scale content across LinkedIn and Instagram.
My cofounder and I vibe coded Stanley over 14 days and launched the LinkedIn version in June 2025. It hit $200,000 in annual recurring revenue (ARR) within six weeks. The Instagram version launched in March 2026 and has also been successful.
Stan as a whole company has an ARR of nearly $41 million. The breakdown is $3 million in ARR from both versions of Stanley and $38 million in ARR from Stan Store. Stanley for LinkedIn crossed $1 million in October 2025.
We vibe coded the tool and iterated in real time because there was no other option. Everything moves so fast that you have to ship quickly — there was no consideration on our part to do it in more than 14 days. I wish we could've done it in seven.
Here are four strategies we leveraged to make our AI tool successful so quickly.
Try a
                                  Level Up action pack.
Build a calm, realistic plan to recover from job loss and move toward your next role.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
There are a lot of people coding slop. The way you can actually successfully vibe code a product that genuinely makes money and is a repeatable business first requires you to deeply understand your customer.
We knew what we wanted to build, and because we understood our customers so well, we were literally customers and content creators ourselves.
The important thing to remember is that vibe coding will help you build anything. Whether that thing is worth building or is slop is a different question. That's the work you now have to do as a human, because you're no longer the engineer building it, but you have to be the decision-maker who has the right insights into the market or the customer.
A startup is kind of like The Wizard of Oz. You've got to get behind the curtain and pretend to be the tool. In our first user interviews, I was pretending to be Stanley.
I came up with content ideas for potential customers to validate. I was sending sample emails and asking, ""Is this interesting to you? Would you subscribe to this?"" I was the fake Stanley — the Stanley behind the curtain.
We were constantly asking ourselves, ""What do I spend my time building versus not?"" Building a product is a game of prioritization. We were prioritizing making sure Stanley's actual usage experience was great.
Building in public — sharing your journey of the ups and downs — is a great tactic as you're launching something. It helps you get more believers who might become customers.
Sharing online has a dual purpose. It helps you build distribution and the brand for your business and, on top of that, attract your first few customers. We reached our first $200,000 in ARR after two weeks of posting. People contacted me to say, ""I really want to use this.""
We're in a phase of the social zeitgeist where, if you share your mission and the highs and lows of your journey, people interested in your product will naturally gravitate toward it and be really excited to be beta testers, which is what happened to us.
We also sent a lot of cold emails, but we didn't send them ourselves. Stanley did. We identified our first target customers by reviewing about 200 LinkedIn creators' profiles. We wanted to beta-test our product and convert them into customers.
We had Stanley write them an email with the best possible content ideas. Then we added: ""If you want to draft these posts out fully or if you want to use me more, click this link.""
It's a great way to test if your product is good enough. If they open that email and click through, they're probably pretty interested as customers.
It will be the people who decide, rather than sit, complain, and scroll social media, to actually take action and put their lives into their own hands who will succeed. I hope everyone does that as soon as they can.
Business is a huge part of who I am, so I really want to make sure I live my mission. After that, I want to have a family, be happy, have a farm somewhere, and then drop off the face of the planet at some point.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
61,2026-07-08,"Investing

							PLTR's U.S. commercial revenue surged 133% while adjusted operating margins expanded to 60%, forcing a full-year guidance raise to $7.65 billion.													

							PLTR's 145% Rule of 40 score puts it in company Alex Karp claims only NVDA and MU occupy.													

							PLTR shares dropped 27% year to date but exploded 21% higher in one week, with prediction markets now pricing $138 as likely by July.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Palantir didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© AndreyKrav / iStock Editorial via Getty Images
Palantir Technologies (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) now carries a market capitalization of a little more than $300 billion as of July 3, 2026, which has taken many investors on a nice ride, given the company’s the software-with-a-defense-flavor story. Palantir is now arguing for a seat inside the mega-cap conversation, alongside the AI infrastructure names its own CEO likes to invoke.
A valuation this size implies specific operational realities, and Palantir’s Q1 2026 filing supplies them. Revenue reached $1.632 billion this past quarter, growing nearly 85% year over year. That’s the highest reported growth rate in the company’s history as a public company. Additionally, the engine of the company (U.S. revenue) climbed 104% year over year to $1.282 billion, crossing 100% growth for the first time since the direct listing. U.S. commercial revenue rose 133% year over year to $595 million.
It’s not only a revenue story. In fact, Palantir’s profitability has closely correlated with its revenue growth. This past quarter, GAAP operating income landed at $754 million, up 328.29% from a year earlier, with the company posting a 46% operating margin. Adjusted operating margin expanded to 60% from 44% a year earlier, and free cash flow reached $924.63 million, up 204.08%. The Rule of 40 score hit 145%, a level the CEO framed as company territory shared only with NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), Micron (NASDAQ:MU) and SK hynix.
As a result of these numbers, Palantir raised its guidance considerably. The company now guides for full-year 2026 revenue between $7.650 billion to $7.662 billion, which amounts to roughly 71% year over year growth. That’s impressive, because this is 10 percentage points above the prior quarter’s outlook. U.S. commercial guidance is in excess of $3.224 billion, calling for at least 120% growth.
The stock has not tracked the fundamentals in a straight line. PLTR closed at $129.30 on July 2, 2026, versus $177.75 to start the year, a 27.26% year to date decline. The stock’s one-month change is -15.03%, so clearly momentum has flipped hard in the last week. That said, over five years, Palantir stock is still up 429.05%.
The case for long-term holders leans on three facts, all in the filing. First, the business is doubling in the U.S. with expanding, not compressing, margins. Growth of 104% year over year in the U.S. paired with a 60% adjusted operating margin is the profile investors typically pay up to own.
Second, the backlog validates the growth rate. Total remaining deal value reached $11.8 billion, up 98% year over year. Remaining performance obligations climbed to $4.5 billion, up 134% year over year, with net dollar retention hit 150%. This was driven by the fact that Palantir closed 206 deals of $1 million or more and 47 deals of $10 million or more in the quarter.
Third, cash generation is real and rising. Operating cash flow reached $899.17 million in the quarter, and the balance sheet holds $8 billion in cash, equivalents, and short-term U.S. Treasuries. As CEO Alex Karp put it on the Q1 call, “Our free cash flow this quarter is larger than our revenue a year ago in the same quarter.” Full-year adjusted free cash flow guidance is $4.2 billion to $4.4 billion.
Prediction market participants have started to reflect the shift. Polymarket assigns a 70.5% probability to PLTR hitting $138 in July, with 47.5% for $144 and 32.5% for $150. Sub-$100 outcomes carry 10.5% or less.
For retirement-focused holders, the story is the combination of an 84.71% growth rate, a 60% adjusted operating margin, and a raised full-year outlook calling for 71% growth, layered onto a $296.88 billion market cap.
Certainly, Palantir’s valuation remains rich, with a forward P/E near 80 and a price to sales ratio of 53.54, and the filing lists real risks. Those can best be described as long sales cycles, contracts terminable for convenience, and $201.6 million in quarterly stock-based compensation.
The next test is the company’s upcoming Q2 2026 report, where management has guided revenue of $1.797 billion to $1.801 billion. If Palantir’s U.S. commercial engine holds triple-digit growth into a second consecutive quarter, the $100 billion narrative stops being a narrative.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Chris MacDonald is a 24/7 Wall St. contributor and long-time contributor to other notable finance publications, including The Motley Fool and InvestorPlace. With an MBA in Finance, and more than a decade of experience in venture capital and the corporate finance world, Chris brings a long-term perspective to his analysis of equities and alternative assets. 
His love of investing and focus on finding quality undervalued stocks is complemented by recent research into alternative assets as well. He takes a long-term approach to analyzing companies and cryptos, with a focus on directing the reader to the most sustainable and important catalysts for each respective potential investment.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Palantir Technologies (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) has handed retirement investors a wild ride in 2026. Shares of Palantir closed Friday…
Consider this a thought experiment about leadership concentration at a high-multiple stock. Palantir (NASDAQ: PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) CEO…
The buy button keeps calling, and the data backs it up. Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) stock is down…
Tech giant Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) reported Q4 revenue of $68.13 billion, up 73.2% year-over-year, while Palantir…
Palantir Technologies (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) continues to present compelling data points that warrant close attention from investors. I…
UiPath (NYSE: PATH | PATH Price Prediction) and Palantir Technologies (Nasdaq: PLTR) both beat Q3 estimates, but the results reveal…
Palantir (NASDAQ: PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) reported Q4 results that beat across the board, and investors are carrying that…
Palantir Technologies (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) is trading around $152 in premarket hours this Thursday morning. Currently, shares sit…
Shares of Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) stock are down 6% in Thursday morning trading, changing hands near $106.50…"
62,2026-07-08,"Investing

							Celestica raised 2026 revenue guidance to $19B and EPS to $10.15, while shares trade 19% below April's $413 filing price.													

							CLS surged 117% over the past year versus SPY's 20%, though a 29% monthly pullback has compressed its multiple even as guidance expanded.													

							CEO Rob Mionis called the awarded backlog and opportunity pipeline the strongest of his tenure, with 10 active 1.6T switch programs booking awards into 2028.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Celestica didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Amal Kamal 17 / Shutterstock.com
$40 billion. That is the market capitalization of Celestica (NYSE:CLS | CLS Price Prediction), a company that raised its revenue guidance from $17.0 billion to $19 billion recently (now trading right around 2-times sales).
This move came alongside the company’s Q1 2026 report on April 27, 2026. Management now expects to add more than $6.5 billion in revenue this year. This is guidance, so take what you will from these numbers. However, this figure came with a matching lift to full-year adjusted EPS guidance to $10.15 from $8.75.
A $2.0 billion mid-year raise on a company this size is a scale event. It is what a business looks like when hyperscaler demand converts into signed backlog faster than the model expected. In Q1 alone, revenue hit $4.05 billion, up 52.8% year over year, with adjusted EPS of $2.16 beating the $2.0802 estimate, the fourth consecutive quarter of topping expectations.
The growth mix underneath the number is what makes the guide credible. Celestica’s Connectivity and Cloud Solutions segment produced $3.24 billion in revenue, up 76% year over year, at an 8.6% segment margin. Hardware Platform Solutions inside CCS reached $1.7 billion, up 63%. Adjusted operating margin widened to 8.0% from 7.1%, and GAAP net earnings more than doubled to $212.3 million from $86.2 million. Additionally, operating cash flow rose 173.45% year over year to $356.3 million.
To me, it’s clear that Celestica’s revenue is scaling, but more importantly profitability is scaling with it.
Celestica stock has not rewarded the guide. Shares closed at $336.21 on July 2, 2026, down from the $413 filing price. Over the past month, CLS is down 28.83%, and over the past week it has fallen 6.97%. Zoom out and the picture flips: year to date the stock is up 13.73% against SPY’s 9.22%, and over one year CLS is up 117.05% versus SPY’s 20.04%. The recent pullback has compressed the multiple even as the top-line trajectory has expanded.
Let’s start with the valuation math the market seems to be ignoring. Celestica’s management team has put forward guidance that calls for $19.0 billion in 2026 revenue and $10.15 in adjusted EPS. At a $336.21 share price and a market cap near $38.66 billion, the equity is priced at roughly two times forward guided revenue. Forward P/E sits at 36, a number that shrinks quickly if the EPS ramp holds.
The demand story behind the guide is durable. Celestica stock is expected to grow approximately 70% for full-year 2026. Q2 guidance already implies 49% revenue growth and 61% EPS growth at the midpoint. CEO Rob Mionis told analysts that “our awarded backlog and the opportunity pipeline with both existing and new customers are the strongest they have ever been during my tenure as CEO.”
The 2027 setup adds another leg. Celestica landed a 1.6 Terabit co-packaged optics Ethernet switch program with a hyperscaler customer, with mass production slated for the second half of 2027. Ten 1.6T switch programs are already active, and management is booking awards that ship into 2028. The company amended its credit facility to a revolver of $1.75 billion with maturity extended to April 2031, funding capacity for a roughly $1 billion 2026 capex plan plus a $1.5 billion placeholder for 2027.
Celestica is guiding to $19.0 billion in revenue and $10.15 in adjusted EPS for 2026, while its share price sits well below the April filing level. For long-term holders, the disconnect between a raised forward revenue base and a compressed market cap is the story.
Now, there are real risks for investors to consider. Currently, three customers account for 35%, 15%, and 15% of Q1 revenue. On top of this, supply chains for custom silicon, memory, 40-plus layer PCBs, power, and optical components remain on allocation.
The next test comes with Celestica’s upcoming Q2 2026 earnings (expected late July), where guidance calls for revenue of $4.15 billion to $4.45 billion and adjusted EPS of $2.14 to $2.34. If Celestica delivers inside that range, the $19 billion number stops being a guide and starts being a floor.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Chris MacDonald is a 24/7 Wall St. contributor and long-time contributor to other notable finance publications, including The Motley Fool and InvestorPlace. With an MBA in Finance, and more than a decade of experience in venture capital and the corporate finance world, Chris brings a long-term perspective to his analysis of equities and alternative assets. 
His love of investing and focus on finding quality undervalued stocks is complemented by recent research into alternative assets as well. He takes a long-term approach to analyzing companies and cryptos, with a focus on directing the reader to the most sustainable and important catalysts for each respective potential investment.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
The Magnificent Seven stocks dominate AI headlines, but the most interesting institutional positioning is happening one rung down the supply…
When Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL | GOOGL Price Prediction) announced 2026 capital expenditure guidance of $175-$185 billion during its Q4 2025 earnings…
NVIDIA has not solely become a trillion-dollar company because it made the best chips, but because it was the only…
Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO | AVGO Price Prediction) and Marvell Technology (NASDAQ:MRVL) both posted earnings centered on custom AI silicon. Broadcom reported…
If you’re closely watching shares of Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO | AVGO Price Prediction) it was hard to escape watching as the…
Chipmakers like Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) were the early winners in the artificial intelligence (AI) boom, as companies…
The AI infrastructure trade has broadened. NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) still owns the headline, but the second-derivative names…
A T. Rowe Price analyst recently said something worth paying close attention to if you’re watching the AI infrastructure buildout.…
Marvell Technology (NASDAQ:MRVL | MRVL Price Prediction) and Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) both reported AI-heavy quarters within a week of each other.…"
63,2026-07-08,"Investing

							ORCL trades 25% below its 52-week high at just 15x forward earnings, backed by a $638B revenue backlog and 93% IaaS growth.													

							Reaching $400 by 2028 demands 178% gains and EPS near $15, but -$24B free cash flow and $70B in planned CapEx risk dilutive equity raises.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Oracle didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

Oracle (NYSE:ORCL | ORCL Price Prediction | ORCL Price Prediction) has quietly become one of the most important AI infrastructure companies on the planet, yet its stock is behaving as if the story is falling apart.
Shares closed at $143.76 on July 6, 2026, down 25.37% year to date, even after the company posted a $638 billion contracted revenue backlog. Market cap sits at roughly $412 billion. Can Oracle punch through $400 per share and become the next trillion-dollar tech giant by 2028?
Oracle is down 2.15% in the past week, 32.34% in the past month, and 38.47% over the past year. With a beta of 1.712, the swings cut both ways.
The issue is cash conversion. Free cash flow ran -$23.686 billion in FY2026 against $55.663 billion in capital expenditures. Management guided to another $70 billion in CapEx and a $40 billion debt and equity raise for FY2027.
One Tech Times headline captured the mood: “Record Earnings Mask -$24B Cash Drain.” Investors are also fixating on customer concentration risk tied to OpenAI. Until cash conversion improves, the multiple stays compressed.
Consensus is loudly bullish. The average analyst target is $251.85, with 6 Strong Buy, 30 Buy, 6 Hold, and 1 Sell ratings across 43 analysts. That is 84% bullish sentiment.
Our base case is more measured. The model lands at $211.32, or 47% upside, with 90% confidence. The bull scenario stretches to $350.29 and the bear stops at $184.26. The Street’s $252 target underrates the RPO. When 31% long-term revenue CAGR through FY2030 is management’s reconfirmed target, a $252 tag is oddly polite.
Reaching $400 from today’s price of $143.76 would require a gain of 178.2%. With forward EPS of $9.30, a price of $400 implies a forward P/E of 43x. Our base case of $211.32 already implies 19x, meaning $400 requires roughly 24 turns of additional multiple expansion.
That is achievable if earnings inflect. Safra Catz projected OCI revenue climbing to $144 billion by FY2030. Q4 IaaS grew 93% YoY, and Multicloud database revenue jumped 404%. Co-CEO Clay Magouyrk told analysts, “Everything we see shows this market size is in the trillions of dollars per year.
Combined with our previously outlined 30% to 40% margin profile, OCI should grow into an extremely large and extremely profitable business.” If EPS compounds toward $15 by FY2028, a 27x multiple gets you to $400. The primary risk is that CapEx keeps outrunning cash flow and forces dilutive equity raises that cap the multiple.
Oracle currently trades at a forward P/E of 15x on $9.30 in forward EPS. For a business growing cloud revenue 58% to 64% next quarter, that is cheap. Shares sit 27% below the $343.01 52-week high and just above the $134.57 low. Over ten years, the stock is up 309.16%. The valuation reset has already happened. The question is whether earnings power catches up.
Reaching $400 by 2028 requires a 178.2% gain and a re-rating to 43x forward earnings, or a base case where FY2028 EPS lands closer to $15 and the multiple settles near 27x.
Three things need to break right: RPO must convert to reported revenue on schedule, OCI margins must hold above 30%, and the $40 billion capital raise cannot dilute the equity story. What derails it is a stalled AI capex cycle or a major customer default. We’ve outlined the blueprint for how Oracle could reach $400 in 2028.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Vandita Jadeja is a financial copywriter who loves to read and write about stocks. She believes in buying and holding for long term gains. Her knowledge of words and numbers helps her write clear stock analysis. She has contributed to several publications, including the Joy Wallet, Benzinga, The Motley Fool and InvestorPlace.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Oracle (NYSE:ORCL | ORCL Price Prediction) just posted one of the strongest cloud quarters in software history. Infrastructure revenue grew…
Oracle (NYSE:ORCL | ORCL Price Prediction) just reported its biggest quarter ever. Q4 FY2026 revenue hit $19.18B, cloud infrastructure ran…
Oracle (NYSE:ORCL | ORCL Price Prediction) just turned in the quarter that finally validates the AI infrastructure thesis. Cloud Infrastructure…
Oracle (NYSE:ORCL | ORCL Price Prediction) has been one of the most punished mega-cap AI stories of 2026, sliding from…
At $192.08, Oracle (NYSE:ORCL | ORCL Price Prediction) screens favorably on backlog and valuation, with shares down sharply from last…
Oracle (NYSE:ORCL | ORCL Price Prediction) at $175 looks compelling on the data. The stock has been pulled into the…
Oracle’s (NYSE:ORCL | ORCL Price Prediction) stock has been through the wringer over the past year, but the long-term AI infrastructure…
Oracle (NYSE:ORCL | ORCL Price Prediction) has whipsawed investors over the past year, rising from below $160 to a peak…
Oracle (NYSE: ORCL | ORCL Price Prediction) has been one of the most volatile mega-caps in the market over the…"
64,2026-07-08,"Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) is one of the best beaten-down technology stocks to buy now. On July 2, HSBC upgraded Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) to a Buy from a Hold..."
65,2026-07-08,"More supply chain sources have rejected claims of delays to iPhone Ultra production, reporting that it appears to be on track for a September release.
However, the latest report doesn’t rule out limited initial supplies of Apple’s most expensive ever iPhone … 
Earlier reports had suggested that the iPhone Ultra launch might be very delayed, perhaps even into early next year. Those appear to have been mistaken, however, as there’s now a clear consensus that any delay in the upcoming premium model going on sale will be a short one.
Another supply chain source backs this, citing a number of Chinese suppliers reporting that their work on the foldable iPhone is proceeding to schedule for a September launch. Cailian News Agency reports.
There were rumors in the market in early July that the release of the Apple foldable had been postponed, caused by well-known analysts’ prediction that production capacity limitations would see shipments of only 500,000 to 1 million units in the early third quarter.
However, on July 8, the reporter of Cailian News Agency asked a number of Apple supply chain enterprises for confirmation. People in the industry chain responded that the design and production of the folding phone had entered peak production. They said that there was no change in the delivery time date in September, denying rumors of product postponement.
Sources were quoted as saying they hadn’t heard of any delay and that September delivery would be “no problem.”
None of this is to say that the uber-expensive folding iPhone won’t be in short supply. Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo suggested that initial supply may not meet early demand, leading to shipping times of four to six weeks or more.
While customers will no doubt be impatient if this does prove to be the case, I’ve argued that it wouldn’t necessarily be a bad thing from Apple’s perspective.
Via MacRumors. 
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels, a couple of SF shorts and a rom-com!"
66,2026-07-08,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
In the AI era, original thinking gets absorbed into the knowledge base fast — but attribution often doesn’t come along for the ride. I know because it happened to me.
Copied to clipboard

		Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.	
For decades, “trust signals” were a conversion optimization concept — the SSL badges, BBB seals and security icons that gave skittish online shoppers enough confidence to hand over a credit card number. Useful, tactical and almost entirely confined to your website.
Then, in 2020, it hit me: Those badges and seals were pointing to something much bigger. Before any purchase, every buyer is really asking the same question — whether they can trust the brand they’re considering. I organized the full body of evidence buyers use to answer that question into three categories: website trust signals, inbound trust signals and SEO trust signals. I published the argument, built a site around it and eventually wrote a book.
A few weeks ago, I typed “trust signals” into Google to see how the term is understood today. The answer came back using my three categories with my exact labels. No author. No source. Just my definition, presented as received industry wisdom.
So I followed up, asking Google’s AI why the definition hadn’t been attributed to anyone. The response was worth reading carefully because it got something right that the original answer got wrong.
Google acknowledged that while the term “trust signals” had existed before I expanded the definition, the specific three-category structure was mine — and it explained, with some precision, why I wasn’t credited in the first place. The concept was logical enough that it got adopted widely, and once it did, it became “standard industry knowledge” rather than a specific author’s contribution.
Concept generalization, the AI called it.
The AI knew the history. It just didn’t lead with it.
That’s the thing about AI and attribution. The problem isn’t that AI gets the facts wrong. The problem is that AI absorbed the idea and served it back without the source. It learned what the definition was without retaining where it came from, the way most of us know that an apple fell on Newton’s head without being able to name who first wrote it down. The idea became common knowledge. The author became optional.
ChatGPT launched 43 days after my book came out. What happened to my definition wasn’t a failure of planning. It was a preview of a problem the whole industry is now catching up to.
Before large language models, visibility was largely self-reinforcing. A brand that earned authority in the right places got found, got cited and earned more authority. The record stayed intact because humans doing research followed trails — bylines, citations, links — that kept the original source visible.
AI doesn’t follow the trail. It reads everything, learns from it and returns an answer that often has no trail at all. An idea gets absorbed, generalized and comes back as if it were always true and always known. The content makes the journey. The source doesn’t always come with it.
This is the specific thing the AI era does that the pre-AI world did not. And it changes something fundamental about how brands need to think about the ideas they originate.
Here is the part that took me a while to fully understand. The instinct when you’ve done the work — written the book, done the interviews, built the record — is to feel like the position is established. You earned it. It’s yours. But in the AI era, a position you’re not actively defending is a position you’re quietly losing.
This isn’t really about AI specifically. AI just made it visible faster. The deeper truth is that intellectual authority in any domain works the same way a market position does. The moment you stop advancing, someone or something fills the space. Before AI, that process was slow enough that you might not notice it happening. Now it happens at the speed of training data.
The brands that own topics in AI-generated answers aren’t the ones that established a position once. They’re the ones that kept producing — new research, new frameworks, new arguments — so that their name stayed attached to the idea as it evolved. Attribution follows activity. The moment you stop leading on a topic, the topic starts to belong to whoever is still talking about it.
Idea Grove and TrustSignals.com show up well in AI answers overall. But this experience revealed something specific: Showing up and getting credited for originating an idea are two different things. The definition I created is now common knowledge. Common knowledge doesn’t have an author. The only way to stay ahead of that is to keep making the next argument before the current one gets absorbed.
For any brand that invests in original thinking — research, methodologies, coined terms — the implications are straightforward even if the execution isn’t.
You cannot establish a position and then maintain it. You can only keep earning it. That means continuously publishing substantive, attributed work on the topics you want to own. It means going deeper and further than anyone else is willing to go, so that the leading edge of the conversation still has your name on it even as the earlier arguments become assumed knowledge. It means treating thought leadership not as a campaign with a start and end date but as the permanent condition of being the most credible voice in your space.
The practical goal isn’t to prevent your ideas from spreading. Spread is good. Spread means the idea worked. The goal is to always be a few steps ahead of where the spread has reached — so that when AI or a buyer or a journalist goes looking for who owns this territory, the answer is still you, because you’re the one still breaking new ground on it.
I didn’t just observe this dynamic. I’ve lived it. My name came off the definition while the definition kept going. The only answer I’ve found is to stay ahead of it — new arguments, new research, new ground. In the AI era, that’s not optional. It’s the whole game.
For decades, “trust signals” were a conversion optimization concept — the SSL badges, BBB seals and security icons that gave skittish online shoppers enough confidence to hand over a credit card number. Useful, tactical and almost entirely confined to your website.
Then, in 2020, it hit me: Those badges and seals were pointing to something much bigger. Before any purchase, every buyer is really asking the same question — whether they can trust the brand they’re considering. I organized the full body of evidence buyers use to answer that question into three categories: website trust signals, inbound trust signals and SEO trust signals. I published the argument, built a site around it and eventually wrote a book.
A few weeks ago, I typed “trust signals” into Google to see how the term is understood today. The answer came back using my three categories with my exact labels. No author. No source. Just my definition, presented as received industry wisdom.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
67,2026-07-08,"Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent spoke at the Economic Club of New York on June 23. The event wasn't closely watched, but according to Mohamed El-Erian, more investors should be clued into what Bessent said in his remarks.  
The famed economist and former co-CIO of PIMCO wrote in a New York Times op-ed that the global economic order may be shifting and that economists and finance pros are underestimating the market implications of recent policy changes.
""By laying out what until now seemed more like haphazard policy measures, Mr. Bessent put down a marker for how the United States plans to operate in a changing global economic system,"" he wrote. ""In the process, he elevated both the scale and the scope of a systemic change that started in earnest during President Trump's first term, was sustained by President Joe Biden and is accelerating today.""
El-Erian said there are a few paradigms under which markets operate. They include, ""National economic capacity is critical to economic security,"" ""Trade and investment openness must be strictly reciprocated,"" and ""All of this must be aimed at visibly improving the welfare of American households.""
For investors, traders and economists, the takeaway is that the textbook lessons that have been relied on for decades should be thrown out. They no longer apply because new rules are being written. 
El-Erian's thesis centers on the rise of ""economic fury,"" a financial strategy that uses economic maneuvers such as tariffs, sanctions, and investment restrictions as levers of state power.
He attributes this to the severe tightening of economic sanctions that stemmed from Russian's invasion of Ukraine and the US war with Iran, and in his view, this shift marks the start of a new era that isn't going to fade, even as Wall Street has yet to notice what's taking place. 
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
""Until now, many on Wall Street have treated these decisions as stand-alone, ad hoc measures likely to be temporary,"" El-Erian stated. ""Wall Street even went so far as to embrace a term for last year's tariff reversals: TACO, as in Trump Always Chickens Out. Mr. Bessent's speech should force a fundamental reconsideration.""
El-Erian said that he doesn't see this shift toward economic fury as temporary, despite Trump's reputation for walking back threats. On the contrary, he added that it is likely the weaponization of economic measures will continue, through both peacetime and war.
""This will be accompanied by a more forceful industrial policy, increased use of export restrictions and mounting pressure on third parties, including the threat of secondary sanctions,"" he said.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
68,2026-07-08,"The price for a barrel of Brent crude oil, the international standard, rose to about $79 US on Wednesday following the resumption of strikes in the Middle East. Major U.S. indexes also followed global markets on a downward trajectory."
69,2026-07-08,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
Jul 8, 2026 — 8:20 AM ET

The Lenovo G02 surfaced in May as a rather shady $60 Linux handheld. Lenovo later confirmed the device’s existence but said it was a white-labeled gadget intended for China only. It now looks like this story has taken another turn.
Retro Dodo reports that Lenovo has now removed the G02 handheld from all marketplaces where it was originally sold. The outlet says this includes AliExpress and Alibaba. We’ve asked Lenovo to confirm whether the handheld has indeed been discontinued and will update the article as soon as the company gets back to us. If confirmed, this would conclude a pretty weird saga.
The handheld appeared on the likes of AliExpress earlier this year, complete with preloaded ROMs from Nintendo, Sega, and others. Lenovo claimed at the time that the device wasn’t authorized for sale outside China and that it didn’t include preloaded games in its home market.
This device was apparently removed from some global platforms before resurfacing as the Sunyao G02. Sunyao is a Lenovo sub-brand known for offering headphones, cooling fans, and more. It’s unclear whether the Sunyao G02 also shipped with preloaded ROMs outside China.
Either way, I’d love to see Lenovo take another stab at a cheap handheld. But I’d also like to see this future device get a proper global release without resorting to third-party platforms that may or may not be preloading ROMs.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
70,2026-07-08,"I addressed last month the opportunity for foreign brands to sell in India. The country’s population is now the world’s largest, yet its ecommerce sales remain tiny compared to China, the U.S., and other developed economies. Big growth is coming.
A challenge for outside brands is navigating India’s laws that protect native sellers. I described the four paths for those brands: own a marketplace, partner with local distributors, distribute cross-border, and sell company-owned products directly to consumers.
What I didn’t address was competition and demand for one product over another. Foreign merchants may enter the market only to encounter little appetite for their goods.
In this article, I profile four successful homegrown Indian brands. They’re examples of the right product, pricing, and distribution that appeal to the country’s growing middle class — Gen Zs (born 1997 to 2012) and Millennials (1981 to 1996) who comprise roughly half of its 1.46 billion population.
Blue Tokai
India is a tea-loving nation, with limited coffee consumption. But 13-year-old Blue Tokai did what Starbucks couldn’t: transform its roasted coffees into a 240-store chain by appealing to price-conscious urbanites.
Blue Tokai’s outlets emphasize a premium experience and price coffee 25% less than competitors. Stores display specifics on origin, roasting, and taste. Consumers responded.
The result is a cultural shift that competing brands — Third Wave Coffee, Sleepy Owl, Rage Coffee — have followed.
Minimalist
Minimalist launched in 2020 and won over younger adults with transparent, quality beauty and personal care products.
The company lists ingredients on packaging and educates shoppers about those components. Simple packaging, honest advertising, and tightly managed pricing built a loyal customer base among educated buyers who avoid hype.
Beauty and personal care brands often bleed cash on dead stock, customer acquisition costs, and discount wars. Minimalist avoided it all. It manufactures in-house, sells directly to consumers, maintains a tight portfolio, and prices goods lower than premium competitors.
Minimalist’s success captured the attention of big players. Consumer goods giant Hindustan Unilever acquired 90% of it for $350 million in 2025.
Snitch
Men’s fast-fashion provider Snitch launched in 2019 as a B2B seller to physical stores. The company pivoted in 2020 to online D2C sales, which now account for 90% of total revenue.
Snitch applies Zara’s global fashion model to India. It focuses on immediate trends, an end-to-end supply chain, and aspirational branding to tap India’s Gen Zs and Millennials. Snitch’s design-to-shelf cycle is typically 25 days or less, and it launches 10 new styles daily, often in tiny batches of a few dozen units per SKU.
Snitch says it leverages AI to track user behavior across social media. If new product sentiment is positive, the company quickly expands production, and quickly drops it if negative.
The combined result of short production cycles and real-time monitoring is minimal unsold inventory.
Mokobara
Mokobara is disrupting India’s luggage and accessories market dominated by legacy brands VIP, Samsonite, and Safari. Since its launch in 2020, Mokobara has focused on stylish, quality travel bags at accessible prices. The company tapped the whitespace between cheap, uninspiring luggage and high-end, expensive alternatives.
Mokobara started as a D2C seller on its branded website. It now sells D2C via marketplaces and its own stores, and offers 30-minute “quick commerce” delivery.
Its focus on modern travelers seeking design aesthetics and quality materials has proved successful, with revenue reportedly growing 20-fold since 2022.
Share this article:
Copyright © 2005 - 2026. Practical Ecommerce® is a registered trademark of Confluence Distribution, Inc."
71,2026-07-08,"Investing

							Intel surged 443% over the past year, but our model signals 90% confidence the stock is overvalued with a 12-month price target of $103.26.													

							Intel Foundry lost $2.3 billion in a single quarter while CFO David Zinsner sold shares near $110, raising insider caution flags at current prices.													

							Intel Xeon 6 powering NVIDIA's DGX Rubin systems and a multiyear Google ASIC partnership are the key catalysts bulls cite for a move above $125.													

Don't wait: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just revealed his top 10 AI stocks. See the full list FREE now.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Shutterstock 
Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) has done the unthinkable. Shares are up 443.35% over the past year, transforming a left-for-dead turnaround story into one of the market’s most talked-about rallies. The question is whether the run has more room or whether the price has outrun the fundamentals.
Our 24/7 Wall St. price target for Intel is $103.26 over the next 12 months, implying 15.5% downside from the current $122.20. Our model signals meaningful overvaluation at current levels, with a confidence reading of 90%.
Our 24/7 Wall St. price target sits below where Intel trades today. Real upside could come from faster-than-expected Intel 18A ramp or from NVIDIA, Google, and SoftBank partnerships translating into durable foundry wins. Treat our number as one datapoint.
Intel bottomed near $21.58 after Q2 2025, when the company posted a $2.918 billion net loss and $1.90 billion in restructuring charges tied to a 15% workforce reduction.
Q1 2026 delivered non-GAAP EPS of $0.29 on revenue of $13.577 billion, beating expectations by 9.22%. Data Center and AI grew 22% year-over-year to $5.052 billion, and Intel Foundry climbed 16%. Shares are up 231.17% year to date, though they cooled 7.23% in the past week from a peak near $127.86.
Bulls argue earnings power is coming. CEO Lip-Bu Tan says “The next wave of AI will bring intelligence closer to the end user, moving from foundational models to inference to agentic. This shift is significantly increasing the need for Intel’s CPUs and wafer and advanced packaging offerings.”
Intel Xeon 6 was selected as the host CPU for NVIDIA’s DGX Rubin NVL8 systems, and the multiyear Google partnership on custom ASIC IPUs adds a second flagship hyperscaler. Q1 non-GAAP gross margin expanded to 41%, and CFO commentary flagged that demand is exceeding supply into 2026. The bull case models a $119.26 target with an upper band of $125.81.
Intel Foundry lost $2.3 billion in Q3 alone, and management warned Intel 14A could be paused if customer demand disappoints. Insider activity is concerning: CFO David Zinsner sold 18,353 shares at $109.82, and Foundry EVP Naga Chandrasekaran sold shares at up to $118.28.
Bulls note these disposals coincided with vesting events and that Q1’s $3.728 billion net loss was distorted by a $4.07 billion Mobileye impairment. The bear case points to $77.40, roughly 36.66% lower.
Our model reads Intel as meaningfully overvalued with 90% confidence, anchored on the 24/7 Wall St. price target of $103.26. The forward P/E of 137x and the $100.88 Wall Street consensus target both sit meaningfully below spot, and insiders are trimming into strength.
The setup would look more constructive if Intel Foundry showed a clear path to breakeven and a marquee customer signed on Intel 18A at volume. Until then, the stock trades at more than 11x sales on TTM losses, which keeps the risk-reward skewed unfavorably.
Here is where our model projects Intel could trade, assuming current growth trajectories and market conditions hold.
These projections assume Intel executes on its foundry turnaround and AI CPU roadmap. Significant upside could come from a breakout Intel 18A customer win, while downside risk builds if foundry losses widen or geopolitical tensions disrupt the Arizona and Ireland manufacturing ramp.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Vandita Jadeja is a financial copywriter who loves to read and write about stocks. She believes in buying and holding for long term gains. Her knowledge of words and numbers helps her write clear stock analysis. She has contributed to several publications, including the Joy Wallet, Benzinga, The Motley Fool and InvestorPlace.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) has been one of the most explosive turnaround stories of 2026, with shares up…
Our Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) call sits squarely against the recent rally. The 24/7 Wall St. price target…
I’ll cut to the chase. Intel (NASDAQ: INTC | INTC Price Prediction) has been one of the most extraordinary turnaround…
At $139.63, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) is a hold. After a 278.4% year-to-date run into a fresh 52-week…
Few stocks have repriced as sharply as Arm in 2026. After bottoming near $105 in mid-January, shares climbed to the…
Fabrinet Fabrinet (NYSE: FN | FN Price Prediction) has been a standout in the AI infrastructure trade, but after a…
Intel (NASDAQ: INTC | INTC Price Prediction) stock has risen 225.2% over the past year, climbing from less than $18…
Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD | AMD Price Prediction) closed 2025 with record revenue and accelerating AI momentum, while Intel (NASDAQ:INTC)…
Intel (NASDAQ: INTC | INTC Price Prediction) may be one of the most recognized names in technology, but the stock’s…"
72,2026-07-08,"ByRichard Kestenbaum,
Contributor.
Walmart, still committed to low prices for its traditional customer base, is increasingly seeing growth driven by higher-income households. This trend reflects a significant economic shift where the top 20% of earners now account for nearly 60% of all personal outlays, a substantial increase since the 1990s. For affluent shoppers, Walmart's appeal extends beyond price, offering convenience through services like in-store pickup and a broad marketplace. This concentration of wealth, often bolstered by stock market performance, allows retailers like Walmart to thrive even amidst widespread consumer financial strain. Walmart's strategy successfully adapts to this K-shaped economy, attracting wealthier consumers without diluting its core value proposition, a challenge for many other retailers. 
Something important is happening at Walmart, and it’s easy to misread it.
The company that built its reputation serving the mass market is not abandoning price-conscious shoppers. It is still fighting to be the low-price authority, lowering prices on thousands of household items just this week. But its growth increasingly comes from shoppers who do not fit the old stereotype of the Walmart customer.
In its most recent quarterly results, Walmart said its U.S. market-share gains were ""led by upper-income households."" That’s a clue to where retail is going.
Walmart, still the largest U.S. retailer by domestic retail sales, is following the money. The problem for many other retailers is that the money is increasingly concentrated in fewer households.
Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody’s Analytics, shared research that puts numbers around a trend retailers have been experiencing for years. The top 20% of the income distribution now accounts for nearly 60% of all personal outlays, up from about half in the early 1990s. The bottom 80%, which accounted for half of all outlays is now only about 40% of personal outlays. This chart shows the change. 
That’s a major shift in the addressable market for every retailer, restaurant, travel company, brand and service provider in the U.S.
(Moody’s measure is not retail sales, it’s “personal outlays.” The methodology uses two Federal Reserve datasets to capture high-income spending that traditional consumer surveys often miss.)
Walmart's pursuit of higher-income households is often described as a “consumer trading down” story: affluent consumers want value so they shop at Walmart. That’s true, but it’s incomplete.
For higher-income households, Walmart is not just price, it’s often about convenience. Pickup in-store, online assortment, faster fulfillment, advertising and its Walmart+ service change what Walmart means to more affluent households. Walmart can be the place where such a broad variety of products are available to affluent households and saves them a trip to multiple other retailers or apps. 
There is another reason the affluent consumer has become more important: wealth.
Moody’s estimates that almost 90% of corporate equities and mutual funds are held by households in the top 20% of the income distribution. When stocks rise, the wealth effect is not spread evenly. It goes mostly to the same households that are already driving spending. It explains why aggregate consumer spending can look healthy while so many households feel financially strained.
It also explains how a broad-based retailer like Walmart can grow when consumer sentiment has dropped by 18.5% in the last year. A majority of people believe the economy is going poorly but a wealthy, prospering minority is driving growth in revenue.  
In the twelve months ending March 2026, Moody's estimates that outlays by the top 20% grew 6.5%. Outlays by the bottom 80% grew 2.7%, barely ahead of 2.6% CPI inflation. In real terms, the bottom 80% was close to flat.
That’s the retail conundrum in one sentence: most households are still shopping, but a smaller group is driving the growth. So if you’re a big retailer and you want to grow, you better find a way to appeal to more affluent consumers. 
It also means the stock market has become a retail variable. If stocks keep rising or move sideways, the well-to-do consumer can support the economy. If stocks stumble, the same households may pull back quickly. 
Not every retailer can chase rich people and many will fail if they try. Walmart is doing it because it’s not diluting its value proposition to its legacy customer base. Costco can do it because membership, treasure hunt and bulk value already appeal across income groups. Many other retailers don’t have that flexibility and their message becomes mixed if they try.
When you combine Moody’s analysis with Walmart’s behavior, you can see some important messages: 
There is a broader risk behind the retail trend. When the top 20% of households account for nearly 60% of outlays, the economy can look stronger in the aggregate than it feels to most people. Retail sales can grow. Airlines can fill premium seats. Costco can renew memberships. Walmart can gain affluent shoppers. And yet most households can still feel stuck.
When you take that condition to the extreme, you get instability in society, you get a small number of people holding the wealth and everyone else seething with resentment.
It’s not retailers’ fault that there’s this divide, they’re just trying to live with it. But retailers’ responses help us see the divide more clearly. 
That’s why Walmart's move matters. It is not a departure from its history. It is an adaptation to an economy in which the need for value remains broad, but spending power is becoming more concentrated."
73,2026-07-08,"Published Jul 8, 2026 at 4:16 p.m. ET
Share
Published Jul 8, 2026 at 4:16 p.m. ET
Share
 Make your contribution now and help Gothamist thrive in 2026.  Donate today 
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
Good Wednesday afternoon in New York City, alleged birthplace of the hot dog.
Here's what else is happening:
Tagged
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
 MORE news
A 21-year-old woman remains in critical condition.
Published Jul 8, 2026 at 8:32 p.m. ET
Mayor Zohran Mamdani's transportation commissioner has vowed to fix a crumbling section of the stacked highway that's bedeviled city planners for a decade.
Mayor Zohran Mamdani's transportation commissioner has vowed to fix a crumbling section of the stacked highway that's bedeviled city planners for a decade.
 Catch up on the most important headlines with a roundup of essential NYC stories, delivered to your inbox daily. 
Gothamist is a website about New York City news, arts, events and food, brought to you by New York Public Radio."
74,2026-07-08,"Investing

							Both NFLX and TMUS have dropped sharply this year, but T-Mobile's 0.319 beta and $1.02 quarterly dividend make it far safer for retirees.													

							Netflix leads on growth with 16% revenue gains and 48.5% return on equity, but its high beta makes a 40% drawdown a real retirement risk.													

							T-Mobile's $18 billion in annual free cash flow, 17x forward P/E, and $257.92 analyst target make it the clear winner for income-focused retirees.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Netflix didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© 24/7 Wall St.
Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX | NFLX Price Prediction) and T-Mobile US (NASDAQ:TMUS) stocks have both been punished over the past year and bounced sharply last week. They both remain well below their 2025 highs. So, which one should a retirement-focused investor own right now? One name wins decisively.
Netflix shares have fallen 40.8% over the past year and 19.5% year to date, and they have been trading above $75. The drawdown reflects sentiment shock after the failed Warner Bros. acquisition and content amortization concerns. T-Mobile is off 22.0% over the same year and 9.4% year to date. Comcast’s split announcement and renewed carrier price-war fears have weighed on shares. While both bounced more than 6% in the past week, their risk profiles diverge sharply.
T-Mobile pays a quarterly dividend of $1.02, having raised the payout 16% from $0.88 in late 2025. The current yield is 2.2%, and management authorized a $14.6 billion buyback program through December 2026. That was on top of $9.9 billion of repurchases completed in 2025. Netflix pays no dividend at all. Although, it did repurchase 13.5 million shares for $1.3 billion in Q1 2026 with $6.8 billion remaining. For a retiree who wants cash in the account, T-Mobile stands out. Winner: T-Mobile.
Netflix carries a beta of 1.517 and just endured a peak-to-trough slide from a 52-week high of $128.96 to a low of $70.86. T-Mobile’s beta is 0.319, roughly one-fifth of Netflix’s market sensitivity, and it generated $17.995 billion in free cash flow in 2025 (up 12.5% year on year) with 2026 guidance of $18.0 billion to $18.7 billion. Netflix’s Q1 2026 free cash flow of $5.09 billion was flattered by a one-time $2.8 billion Warner Bros. termination fee, but Q1 EPS of $1.23 topped the $0.76 consensus estimate. For any portfolio that cannot absorb a 40% drawdown, T-Mobile’s telecom cash flows and lower-beta profile are structurally safer. Retirees weighing income sustainability alongside sequence-of-returns risk can also review the updated framework on withdrawal-rate assumptions. Winner: T-Mobile.
Netflix’s Q1 2026 revenue grew 16.2% to $12.25 billion, with full-year guidance of $50.7 billion to $51.7 billion (12% to 14% growth) and an operating margin target of 31.5%. Management guided advertising revenue to roughly $3 billion, doubling year over year, with the ad tier accounting for a significant portion of sign-ups in ad markets. Return on equity is 48.5%. T-Mobile’s 2026 guide of roughly 10% core adjusted EBITDA growth is respectable but slower, and quarterly earnings growth turned negative 12% in the latest earnings report, driven by $476 million in one-time merger costs. Winner: Netflix.
Has either bottomed? The prediction-market crowd assigns a 93% implied probability that Netflix closes this week in the $70 to $80 bracket. Netflix’s composite prediction sentiment score has slid to 41.69 from 74.23 a month ago. That is a stock still finding a floor. T-Mobile’s Q2 revenue market clusters around a 75.5% probability of clearing $19.0 billion, consistent with the guided trajectory.
For a retirement-focused investor buying today, T-Mobile is the better fit. It pays a growing dividend, generates roughly $18 billion in free cash flow, carries a beta below 0.35, and trades at a forward P/E of 17x with an analyst target of $257.92. Netflix belongs in one specific bucket: a growth-tilted retirement account with a 10-plus-year horizon and no income requirement, where the sentiment-driven drawdown and forward P/E of 22x can be underwritten patiently. For everyone else drawing a paycheck from the portfolio, T-Mobile wins outright.
 
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Trey has been an editor and author at 24/7 Wall St. for more than a decade, where he has published thousands of articles analyzing corporate earnings, dividend stocks, short interest, insider buying, private equity, and market trends. His comprehensive coverage spans the full spectrum of financial markets, from blue-chip stalwarts to emerging growth companies.
Beyond 24/7 Wall St., Trey has created and edited financial content for Benzinga and AOL's BloggingStocks, contributing additional hundreds of articles to the investment community. He previously oversaw the 24/7 Climate Insights site, managing editorial operations and content strategy, and currently oversees and creates content for My Investing News.
Trey's editorial expertise extends across multiple publishing environments. He served as production editor at Dearborn Financial Publishing and development editor at Kaplan, where he helped shape financial education materials. Earlier in his career, he worked as a writer-producer at SVE. His freelance editing portfolio includes work for prestigious clients such as Sage Publications, Rand McNally, the Institute for Supply Management, the American Library Association, Eggplant Literary Productions, and Spiegel.
Outside of financial journalism, Trey writes fiction and has been an active member of the writing community for years, overseeing a long-running critique group and moderating workshop sessions at regional conventions. He lives with his family in an old house in the Midwest.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Two of the largest names in communication services are both trading off recent highs, but the dips look nothing alike.…
Both Comcast (NASDAQ: CMCSA | CMCSA Price Prediction) and Netflix (NASDAQ: NFLX) have taken hits over the past month, and…
At $85.85, Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX | NFLX Price Prediction) looks attractively positioned. The streaming giant trades 15% below its 52-week high…
Netflix (NASDAQ: NFLX | NFLX Price Prediction) opened 2026 with a prediction that it would crush the S&P 500 through…
Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX | NFLX Price Prediction) terminated a Warner Bros. acquisition with a $2.8 billion fee, raised full-year free cash…
At $73.78, Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX | NFLX Price Prediction) looks compelling at current levels. Shares sit barely above the $70.86 52-week…
T-Mobile US (NASDAQ:TMUS | TMUS Price Prediction) has had a mixed stretch heading into spring. The stock is down 1.23%…
Spotify and Netflix have both built dominant subscription platforms, but for a retirement-focused investor allocating capital in mid-2026, which streaming…
At $77.38, Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX | NFLX Price Prediction) screens as attractively valued. The streamer slipped under $78 on company-specific disappointment,…"
75,2026-07-08,"
Six days after its official debut in China, the BYD Seal 08 is already making headlines for reasons beyond its specifications. The flagship sedan entered one of the industry’s most competitive segments with a starting price of 196,900 yuan (around $29,000). Interestingly, it offers the kind of technology typically associated with luxury electric sedans costing significantly more.
Available in three battery-electric (BEV) variants and three plug-in hybrid (DM-i) models, Seal 08 EV also recorded around 65,000 locked orders within its first 30 hours. A very strong signal that BYD’s strategy of combining premium engineering with mass-market pricing is resonating with buyers. The automaker is headstrong with its strategy for the future, aiming to dominate the commercial market segment and also having ambitions to be the first Chinese automaker to occupy the Formula-1 paddock spot by 2027. Of course, how can one forget their ambition to surprise the hypercar dreams with the marque offshoot Fang Cheng Bao.
Designer: BYD






At 5,150 mm long with a 3,030 mm wheelbase, the Seal 08 is flush in the large sedan category, placing it alongside executive cars rather than mainstream family sedans. It adopts BYD’s latest Ocean Aesthetics 2.0 design language, characterized by clean surfaces, flowing proportions, flush door handles, and slim lighting elements that give the four-wheeler an understated yet premium appearance.

The interior follows the same philosophy. A floating central infotainment display anchors a clean dashboard layout, while the spacious cabin emphasizes comfort without overwhelming occupants with an excess of controls. The long wheelbase translates into generous rear-seat room, reinforcing the Seal 08’s positioning as a flagship designed for both daily commuting and long-distance travel.






Pricing of the EV is perhaps the biggest surprise. Starting below $30,000, the sedan undercuts many rivals while delivering dimensions, technology, and equipment usually reserved for vehicles in a much higher price bracket, like the Hyundai IONIQ 5. That value proposition helps explain why dealerships reported tens of thousands of orders shortly after sales opened.
Beyond its size and styling, the Seal 08 showcases BYD’s latest engineering advancements. The battery-electric models are built on an 800V high-voltage architecture, enabling ultra-fast flash charging that significantly reduces charging times compared to conventional EV platforms. The sedan also debuts BYD’s Blade 2.0 battery, an evolution of the company’s well-known Blade battery technology. The new pack is designed to improve charging efficiency, energy density, and safety while supporting the vehicle’s long-range capabilities.

Higher trims introduce features that remain uncommon at this price point. DiSus-A intelligent air suspension continuously adjusts ride height and damping to improve comfort and stability, while rear-wheel steering enhances maneuverability in tight spaces and increases stability at highway speeds. Together, these systems give the Seal 08 a technology package more commonly associated with premium European luxury sedans. BYD also offers impressive driving range figures. The top BEV variant claims up to 905 km on the Chinese CLTC testing cycle, while the plug-in hybrid version combines electric power with a fuel engine for a claimed total range of 1,660 km. Although real-world driving distances are typically lower than CLTC ratings, both figures position the Seal 08 among the longest-range vehicles in its segment.
The much hyped EV arrives at a pivotal moment for BYD. During the same week as the launch, reports indicated that the company had reclaimed the global battery-electric vehicle sales crown from Tesla after delivering roughly 557,000 BEVs in the second quarter of 2026. That context makes the Seal 08 more than just another product launch. It shows how BYD’s vertically integrated business model of designing its own batteries, electric drivetrains, semiconductors, and vehicle platforms allows it to deliver flagship-level technology at prices competitors struggle to match.

Rather than treating the battery as just another component sourced from a supplier, BYD has built an entire vehicle ecosystem around its battery expertise. The result is a sedan that combines advanced charging technology, sophisticated chassis systems, generous range, and premium comfort without carrying the premium price tag traditionally attached to such features. For global automakers, the electric vehicle raises an important question: if a flagship electric sedan with air suspension, rear-wheel steering, an 800V architecture, and a next-generation battery can start at around $29,000, how long can premium pricing remain the industry’s default? Judging by the first 65,000 orders, consumers may have already begun answering that question.


The modern workflow is often a series of disconnected actions; typing in one window, clicking in another, and plugging in peripherals just to get started….
Pull up the baggage carousel at any major international airport and you will see a parade of soft-shell fabric or hard-shell plastic cases, most of…
With its vintage-hip design language, including exposed show tires and a stub-nose front end, the Avanti Gara is reminiscent of prewar speedsters only with a…
Fresh off the heals of top designers around the world voting the Citroen DS “The Most Beautiful Car of All Time”, the classic French automaker…
We spend the majority of our time in our personal cars! We’re commuting from one location to another, from our home to office, office to…
The future of transportation is filled with breath-taking concepts that explore modular platforms, futuristic drivetrains and fully autonomous driving abilities. But something which is often…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
76,2026-07-08,"It seems that the 7-year-old but still-latest Nvidia Shield TV model has been quietly discontinued, but one still remains.
The Nvidia Shield TV series is a beloved lineup in the streaming world, but it hasn’t seen a notable update in a long time. The last release was back in 2019, including a base tube-shaped Shield TV as well as the Shield TV Pro that kept the form factor of prior releases.
The former appears to have vanished, potentially even having been discontinued.
AFTVNews noticed that the Shield TV (2019) has gone out of stock at most retailers, with B&H Photo marking the tubular streamer as “discontinued.” Best Buy marks the device as “inactive,” with all listing details having disappeared. In fact, Nvidia’s own site has stopped selling the base model, while every single retailer it links to – Amazon, Best Buy, Newegg, Walmart, Micro Center, B&H Photo, and NEX – is either out of stock or only selling used/third-party units.
This does not seem to be affecting Shield TV Pro (2019) in any capacity.
Nvidia said just a few months ago that it had no plans to end support or even production of the Shield, but it’s not hard to imagine something mught have changed in the past several months given everything that’s going on in the tech world right now. 
The base Shield TV (2019), while solid, was never the fan favorite, with most people wanting to buy a Shield TV for the sake of the extra ports and functionality that were exclusive to the Pro in the first place. At $149, the base Shield was a hard sell in a market where Google TV Streamer ($99) and Onn 4K Pro ($59) are both available, offering more functionality and newer hardware for a lower price point.
Nvidia hasn’t outright confirmed this is the end of the road for Shield TV, but the writing is clearly on the wall for the tube-shaped one.
As for Shield TV Pro, it’s still widely available at Amazon, Best Buy, and other retailers.
Follow Ben: Twitter/X, Threads, Bluesky, and Instagram

FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Google on YouTube for more news:
Ben is a Senior Editor for 9to5Google.
Find him on Twitter @NexusBen. Send tips to schoon@9to5g.com or encrypted to benschoon@protonmail.com."
77,2026-07-08,"With a 5-year EPS growth forecasted at 26.43%, Bandwidth Inc. (NASDAQ:BAND) is among the 12 Best Cybersecurity Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Long Term. On J..."
78,2026-07-08,"July 8, 2026
2 min read
Exclusive: International timekeepers to vote on changing the leap second to a leap hour
To align Coordinated Universal Time with Earth’s rotation, a second occasionally gets added to the year. That may change in 2027
By Emma Gometz edited by Claire Cameron
William Whitehurst/Getty Images
Join Our Community of Science Lovers!
International timekeeping authorities are preparing to vote on a proposal to make the leap second—an extra second that is occasionally added to the year to keep Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) in tune with Earth’s rotation—into a leap hour as early as 2027.
The leap second was introduced in 1972 by the International Bureau of Weights and Measures (BIPM) to match UTC with Earth’s gradually slowing spin. Every time UTC becomes one second too fast for Earth, timekeepers add a leap second to UTC.
This fix has “always been a problem,” says Judah Levine, a former physicist for the Time and Frequency Division at the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology.
If you're enjoying this article, consider supporting our award-winning journalism by subscribing. By purchasing a subscription you are helping to ensure the future of impactful stories about the discoveries and ideas shaping our world today.
It particularly affects computer systems, which require precise time to send and receive messages in the correct order. Adding a second to the clock has caused Meta, Reddit and Cloudflare outages, grounded planes, and affected high-frequency stock trading. As digital networks demand faster processing speeds, some developers have ignored the BIPM’s leap second standard and instead implemented their own fixes, such as “smear seconds” that jive better with computers.
In 2016 Earth’s rotation started speeding up, so leap seconds have not been added since then. The accelerating rotation is fast enough, however, that timekeepers foresee the need for the first ever negative leap second—which could cause unknown and potentially catastrophic infrastructure problems.
Timekeepers know the system has to change. Every four years, the annual General Conference on Weights and Measures (CGPM) brings together timekeeping authorities from around the world to discuss efforts to maintain UTC and its associated standards. In 2022 the 64 member states agreed to find a way to extend the allowed difference between UTC and Earth’s position from one second to a higher time limit by 2035.
Recent projections suggest that the need for a negative leap second is likely to hit before 2035. As the 2026 CGPM meeting approaches, the “leap hour” proposal could be the solution. Some experts say that a leap hour likely wouldn’t need to be added for hundreds of years, effectively abolishing the leap second.
Patrizia Tavella, director of the Time Department at the BIPM, says that there is sufficient urgency to put the leap hour into effect as soon as possible. The proposal under consideration would aim for it to go into effect next year.
“We estimated that if we wait till 2035, we have 30 percent risk of a negative leap second,” Tavella says. “So we went to our users, stakeholders and other organizations and said, ‘What do you think? 30 percent risk of a negative leap second is an issue, or you can accept [it]?’ And they said, ‘No, even 10 percent risk is too much.’”
Emma Gometz is a journalist and artist based in Queens, N.Y. Before becoming a newsletter editor at Scientific American, Emma was a digital producer for WNYC’s Science Friday. Her favorite musical is A Little Night Music.
If you enjoyed this article, I’d like to ask for your support. Scientific American has served as an advocate for science and industry for 180 years, and right now may be the most critical moment in that two-century history.
I’ve been a Scientific American subscriber since I was 12 years old, and it helped shape the way I look at the world. SciAm always educates and delights me, and inspires a sense of awe for our vast, beautiful universe. I hope it does that for you, too.
If you subscribe to Scientific American, you help ensure that our coverage is centered on meaningful research and discovery; that we have the resources to report on the decisions that threaten labs across the U.S.; and that we support both budding and working scientists at a time when the value of science itself too often goes unrecognized.
In return, you get essential news, captivating podcasts, brilliant infographics, can't-miss newsletters, must-watch videos, challenging games, and the science world's best writing and reporting. You can even gift someone a subscription.
There has never been a more important time for us to stand up and show why science matters. I hope you’ll support us in that mission.
Thank you,
David M. Ewalt, Editor in Chief, Scientific American
Subscribe to Scientific American to learn and share the most exciting discoveries, innovations and ideas shaping our world today.
Scientific American is part of Springer Nature, which owns or has commercial relations with thousands of scientific publications (many of them can be found at www.springernature.com/us). Scientific American maintains a strict policy of editorial independence in reporting developments in science to our readers.
© 2026 SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN, A DIVISION OF SPRINGER NATURE AMERICA, INC.ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
"
79,2026-07-08,"SpaceX priced its IPO at $135 on June 12, raised $85.7 billion, and watched the stock run to $225 in its first week of trading before it pulled back to $160...."
80,2026-07-08,"After Apple started lobbying the US government for approval to use memory chips from CXMT, The Financial Times now reports that the company is actively testing the components for devices sold in China. Here are the details.
A few weeks ago, Tim Cook told The Wall Street Journal that Apple’s price hikes were unavoidable due to the market-wide memory chip crunch and, in so many words, said that the US should reconsider its decision to restrict access to certain Chinese companies that could help ease supply constraints.
From the WSJ story:
China has national champion companies in memory and storage, but due to national-security rules, American companies would likely require licenses to work with them. When asked if those restrictions should be loosened, Cook said: “I think everything needs to be on the table,” adding, “I think we should look at all supply.”
As it turns out, Apple had already been seeking clearance from the Trump administration to purchase chips from CXMT, “a Chinese company that the Pentagon has put on a blacklist because of alleged connections to the People’s Liberation Army,” as The Financial Times reported.
A few days after that, the FT reported that Apple was in negotiations to purchase chips from YMTC, in addition to CXMT. Now, the FT reports that things are even further along:
“Apple has begun testing the company’s DRam chips for devices sold in China, according to two people familiar with the matter, as the iPhone maker leads a lobbying effort among US tech companies to get the US government to allow broader use of the company’s products.”
Today’s news continues a years-long effort by Apple to tap Chinese memory suppliers for devices sold in China.
In 2022, the FT reported that Apple was evaluating NAND chips from YMTC for iPhones sold in China. At the time, the idea drew warnings from US lawmakers, while a bipartisan group of senators also urged the Biden administration to block YMTC over alleged export-control violations.
This time, however, the context is different. With soaring memory prices and Apple already raising prices on some products, the company could make a more compelling case for approval by limiting CXMT-made chips to devices sold in China.
Even so, the overall concern remains the same: US lawmakers have long argued that using Chinese suppliers such as YMTC or CXMT could strengthen state-backed competitors accused of benefiting from Beijing’s subsidies, further undermining US competition.
For The Financial Times‘ full report, follow this link.
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you t…
Marcus Mendes is a Brazilian tech podcaster and journalist who has been closely following Apple since the mid-2000s.
He began covering Apple news in Brazilian media in 2012 and later broadened his focus to the wider tech industry, hosting a daily podcast for seven years."
81,2026-07-08,"ByPhisanu Phromchanya,
Contributor.
This story is part of Forbes’ coverage of Thailand’s Richest 2026. See the full list here.
Despite being buffeted by a border conflict with Cambodia, Thailand’s economy grew 2.4% in 2025 as domestic consumption slowly improved and exports picked up. A surging stock market helped to give a wealth boost to the country’s top 50 richest, whose combined fortunes expanded 10% to $187 billion.
Nearly two-thirds of the tycoons on the list are richer this year. Chalerm Yoovidhya & family, owners of energy drink Red Bull, retain the top spot for the third consecutive year with a fortune of $47 billion.  The beverage giant’s annual revenue rose more than 8% to €12.2 billion ($13.9 billion) in 2025 on worldwide sales of nearly 14 billion cans.
The Chearavanont brothers of the Charoen Pokphand (CP) group hold on to the second spot with a net worth of $36.6 billion. In January, Arise Digital Technology, an investment firm owned by Suphachai Chearavanont, son of CP senior chairman Dhanin Chearavanont, agreed to buy close to 25% of telecoms company True from joint venture partner Telenor Group of Norway for just over 100 billion baht ($3 billion), with an option to acquire an additional 5.4% within two years. 
Energy-and-telecoms tycoon Sarath Ratanavadi’s wealth is up the most in dollar terms, increasing $5.6 billion to $17.6 billion, keeping him at No. 3. His Gulf Development doubled its stake in Kasikornbank, the country’s third-largest commercial lender by assets, to nearly 10% to become the bank’s second-largest shareholder.
The Chirathivat family ascend one spot to fourth place with their net worth rising more than a third to $11.7 billion. Their Central Group’s flagship Central Retail, which operates department stores, supermarkets and specialty shops, says it plans to invest 18 billion baht this year to upgrade and expand its outlets in Thailand and Vietnam. At No. 5 is beverage tycoon Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi, whose real estate business under Singapore-listed Frasers Property is implementing a portfolio revamp which helped to pump up his wealth 10% to $11.5 billion.
Among other big gainers is Jareeporn Jarukornsakul, cofounder and group CEO of WHA, an industrial estate, warehouse, and logistics firm. Her net worth surged 69% to $1.25 billion as booming demand for AI data centers drew foreign investors to Thailand. 
The two returnees this year include Bancha Ongkosit, founder of printed circuit board maker KCE Electronics, which benefited from buoyant demand for AI-related electronics equipment. The other is Gunkul Dhumrongpiyawut, founder of Gunkul Engineering, who got a boost from the renewable energy producer’s push into supplying green power to data centers.
Three longtime members of the list died: media baron Krit Ratanarak of Bangkok Broadcasting & TV, whose fortune passed on to his only son, Chachchon Ratanarak; Prasert Prasarttong-Osoth, cofounder of hospital chain Bangkok Dusit Medical Services, whose wealth is listed under the Prasarttong-Osoth family; and Chuchat Patcharachai, who cofounded microlender Muangthai Capital with his wife Daonapa Patcharachai, now appearing on the list on her own. The minimum net worth to qualify rose to $555 million from $420 million last year.
Full Coverage of Thailand’s Richest 2026:
Reporting by Gloria Haraito, Anuradha Raghunathan, Yessar Rosendar and Jessica Tan.
Methodology
This list was compiled using shareholding and financial information obtained from the families and individuals as well as stock exchanges, regulatory agencies and other sources. Unlike our billionaire rankings, this list encompasses family fortunes, including those shared among extended families of multiple generations. Public fortunes were calculated based on stock prices and exchange rates on June 18. Private companies were valued based on comparisons with similar companies that are publicly traded. The list can also include foreign citizens with business, residential or other ties to the country, or citizens who don’t reside in the country but have significant business or other ties to the country. The editors reserve the right to amend any information or remove any listees in light of new information."
82,2026-07-08,"ByGraham Ruthven,
Contributor.
Tottenham Hotspur is spending big. Indeed, the North London club has splurged a reported €267m on new signings since the start of the summer transfer window with Sando Tonali its biggest addition so far after making the move to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium from Newcastle United for €108m.
Of course, Spurs needed significant investment after only narrowly evading relegation from the Premier League last season. Roberto De Zerbi succeeded in saving the club from a fate in the Championship and is now being backed in the transfer window to remould the squad in his own image.
Tonali’s signing in particular is a statement move. Arsenal, Manchester City and Manchester United had all been linked with the Italian international who was ready to move on from Newcastle United after three years at St James’ Park. That Tottenham was able to beat so many rivals to the punch was impressive.
Some argue Spurs have paid too much for Tonali. Indeed, the €108m fee handed to Newcastle United for the midfielder this summer makes him one of the most expensive players in Premier League history. This is a status that many consider unbefitting of Tonali, as good as he is.
However, De Zerbi needs more energy in the centre of his midfield to make his system work and Tonali will certainly offer that. The Italian is one of the best in the Premier League at recovering the ball and this is a quality that will allow Tottenham to play a more energetic game next season and beyond.
The signing of Matheus Fernandes from West Ham will also give Tottenham some much-needed guile in the centre of the pitch. De Zerbi has hinted that the Portuguese could play in a deeper role for his new team compared to the advanced position he generally played in for the Hammers.
Fernandes and Tonali as a pairing should give Tottenham more control on both sides of the ball in the centre of the pitch. On top of this, Spurs have added Jan Paul van Hecke from Brighton and Andy Robertson following his departure from Liverpool at the end of last season and Marcos Senesi as a free agent.
Having spent so much on transfers this summer, it seems likely there will be outgoing sales by Tottenham before the window closes. Cristian Romero and Micky van de Ven, for instance, have both been linked with an exit from the North London club. For the first time in a long while, though, Spurs are showing some ambition in the transfer market."
83,2026-07-08,"ByGaurav Sharma,
Senior Contributor.
Global demand for liquified natural gas is surging, primarily driven by the exponential growth of artificial intelligence and hyperscale data centers, which renewable energy sources cannot fully power. The U.S. is at the forefront of this trend, being the world's largest builder of data centers, the top LNG exporter, and the biggest natural gas producer. This confluence is leading to massive multi-billion dollar investments in both data center expansion and natural gas infrastructure. U.S. gas-fired capacity is tripling, and AI data centers could consume over 10% of U.S. electricity by 2030. Foreign investors, including major energy players from Asia and the Middle East, are flocking to secure U.S. LNG supplies, especially given geopolitical disruptions elsewhere.
The war in the Middle East may have clouded the near-term outlook for the global liquified natural gas market, but few can call into question the demand trajectory of LNG driven by the power sector. 
An anticipated increase in global energy demand from artificial intelligence and hyperscale data centers, that simply cannot be serviced by renewable energy alone, augurs well not just for the LNG trade but for all advocates of the natural gas market. 
That’s particularly significant for one producer and exporter at the heart of it all - the United States. It is world’s most prolific builder of data centers and accounts for the largest number of hyperscale data centers worldwide. California’s Silicon Valley and Ashburn, Virginia are major hubs for a country that boasts of nearly 5,500 data centers and counting. 
The U.S. also happens to the world’s largest exporter of LNG, having overtaken Qatar in the first quarter of 2024, and its largest natural gas producer by volume turning out 110 billion cubic feet per day. That’s more than a fourth of the world’s supply. 
The industry exists in a climate of rapid realization that expanding nuclear and renewable energy solutions are unlikely to keep up with the pace of data center expansion - not just stateside but worldwide. 
As it appears, multibillion dollar investments in data centers are proceeding in near tandem with multibillion dollar investments in natural gas infrastructure and LNG, as the U.S. embarks on its largest energy buildout in a generation.  
That energy buildout could be worth $2 trillion over the next decade, with a substantial portion of it likely heading toward LNG and wider natural gas investments for good reason.  
Last year, the U.S. nearly tripled its gas-fired capacity in development totaling just over 252 gigawatts in projects in announced, pre-construction, and construction phases. By 2030, the country’s rapidly expanding AI-driven data center industry could consume over 10% of U.S. electricity, up from 4% today, according to ING Research.
Such projections may give ample confidence to invest domestically in natural gas and boost the export oriented LNG industry too as its feedgas. Afterall, since its establishment in 2016, the U.S. LNG industry has been taking over 10% to 15% of all natural gas produced in the country in any given year.
It equated to 110.74 million tons of LNG exports from the U.S. last year to high demand regions like Asia Pacific and Europe that imported 168.7 million tons and 126.2 million tons respectively from the global market, according to the International Gas Union’s latest World LNG Report. 
Overall, the U.S. added around 12.7 bcf/d of LNG export capacity between 2016 and 2024, and remains on track to add a further 13.3 bcf/d by 2030, going by U.S. Energy Information Administration data. 
Depending on capacity, investment towards an LNG project is typically in the range of $8 billion to $15 billion, creating opportunities aplenty for engineering, construction, industrial solutions and automation vendors. 
“The U.S. is one of the most important (and growing) energy infrastructure investment markets in the world right now. What makes it exciting are the growth opportunities across all energy segments, but the commitments and scale of LNG projects unquestionably stands out,” said Hany Fouda, senior vice president, process, discrete and hybrid automation, at Schneider Electric. 
It’s a welcome development for importers having to contend with disruptions caused by the war in the Middle East to Qatar’s output which may take years to return to pre-war levels.  
Eyeing the wider market dynamic, a veritable who’s-who of the energy world is either investing in or signing offtake agreements to partake in U.S. LNG plays. 
This issue looks set to occupy a sizeable chunk of the narrative at Gastech, the natural gas industry’s largest annual global gathering being held in Bangkok, Thailand, in September.  
Industry would be heading to event in the heart of Asia knowing that nearly 80% of peak export capacity from currently operational U.S. LNG export facilities is either financed or backed foreign equity investors. 
Senior U.S. officials from the Departments of Energy and The Interior are expected to be in attendance making the case for the country’s LNG industry including energy secretary Chris Wright and secretary of the interior Doug Burgum. 
Earlier this year, secretary Wright said: ""U.S. LNG partnerships are bringing more jobs, more opportunity, and more investment. The future is extremely bright for the nations that join the U.S. in pursuing common sense energy policies that deliver prosperity and security for their respective people.”
Existing foreign investors include Japan’s JERA and JAPEX, Australia’s Woodside Energy, Saudi Aramco, ADNOC, Abu Dhabi’s state-owned energy company, and its investment arm XRG. They’ve all made their presence felt via multi-year supply deals and direct investment commitments for projects.
One of the first overseas entrants was QatarEnergy in 2019. It holds a 70% majority stake in Golden Pass LNG export terminal in Texas in partnership with ExxonMobil. And Thailand’s state-owned energy firm PTT happens to be latest one in talks with U.S. LNG operators as recently as June. 
As investors queue up, the U.S. domestic gas pricing outlook is also looking up for producers. Kristy Kramer, head of LNG strategy and market development at Wood Mackenzie, believes the era $2-$4/mmbtu domestic gas prices benchmarked to the country’s Henry Hub futures would likely become a thing of the past. 
In a recent report, Kramer suggested the possibility of an appreciation of at least a dollar to be factored in as demand and supply conditions shift by 2035. 
“Rapid play development, near-zero-cost associated gas, and year-on-year productivity gains drove the previous era of cheap, stable prices. Those tail winds have largely run their course. Power sector demand alone is calling for an additional 17 bcf/d by the mid-2030s, and the highest-quality acreage is already in production. Prices will need to rise to grow supply from here,” she added. 
A new normal of $5/mmbtu Henry Hub prices by 2035 may hit the margins of LNG exporters. But given that gas sells at several multiples of that in lucrative Asian and European markets, a domestic price uptick is unlikely to be a major concern. 
Current forecasts suggest the U.S. will account for more than one-third of global LNG supply in the early 2030s, and demand expansion is expected to continue into the 2040s. 
As such, the next ten years may potentially result in a huge LNG investment opportunity that becomes bigger with each passing year of rising foreign and domestic power demand.
Disclaimer: The above commentary is meant to stimulate discussion based on the author’s opinion and analysis offered in a personal capacity. It is not solicitation, recommendation or investment advice to trade oil and gas stocks, futures, options or products. Oil and gas markets can be highly volatile and opinions in the sector may change instantaneously and without notice."
84,2026-07-08,"
 news Alerts
There are no new alerts at this time
The price of oil surged more than 4% Wednesday after President Donald Trump said the U.S. ceasefire deal with Iran was “over” and the United States was planning additional strikes.
Subscribe to read this story ad-free
Get unlimited access to ad-free articles and exclusive content.
Meanwhile, U.S. stocks fell Wednesday, compounding a sell-off Tuesday fueled by concerns about chip and tech stocks. However, the Nasdaq ended the day higher as the semiconductor sector rebounded.
The S&P 500 closed down 0.3% and the Dow Industrial Average fell 577 points. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks small- and mid-cap companies, tumbled 0.9%.
The price of U.S. crude oil jumped as high as $76 per barrel in the wake of Trump’s comments, its largest one-day move up since the beginning of June. It closed the day higher by 4.4%, at $73.52 per barrel, bringing its two-day gain to more than 7%.
International benchmark Brent crude oil also spiked, rising as high as $80 per barrel, but it wrapped up the day at $78.02, up 5.2%. 
“I think it’s over,” Trump said about the ceasefire on the sidelines of the NATO summit in Ankara, Turkey. “I don’t want to deal with them anymore.”
Trump said that negotiations could continue but that he considered them a “waste of time.” 
American forces will “probably hit [Iran] again tonight,” Trump said later in the morning, adding that the U.S. military “may take over Kharg Island,” an export hub for Iranian crude oil. Likewise, he floated reimposing the American naval blockade on Iranian ships in the Strait of Hormuz.
Energy prices jumped one day after jitters returned to oil markets, sending U.S. crude oil prices from about $69 to more than $72. Heating oil prices, a proxy for jet fuel, also climbed 11%. Wholesale gas futures rose 5%.
Follow live coverage here
The rapid rise in oil prices also underscores the fragility of the recent drop in U.S. consumer gas prices. The national average price per gallon had fallen from a high of $4.56 in May to $3.79 as of Wednesday morning. But the drop has effectively come to a halt this week, and the national average has remained flat over the last two days, according to AAA data tracked by NBC News.
Government bonds also sold off, driving yields higher. The 10-year U.S. Treasury yield rose as high as nearly 4.6%, its highest level since May.
Airline stocks were some of the hardest-hit shares Wednesday. United Airlines, Delta Air Lines and Southwest Airlines fell around 1.5%. Other travel stocks, such as Booking Holdings and Carnival, fell around 4%.
With oil prices rising again and inflation fears returning to the forefront, other companies that rely on discretionary consumer spending also tumbled. DoorDash and American Express fell 4%, Home Depot fell 2.6%, and Procter & Gamble and McDonald’s dropped around 2%. 
Global stocks also sold off, with flagship indexes in Spain, Germany and France closing down more than 2%. Benchmark indexes in Italy and the U.K. ended lower by around 1.5%. 
On Tuesday, the U.S. said Iran struck three commercial vessels near the Strait of Hormuz. Tehran has not claimed responsibility for the attacks.
Later in the day, the U.S. Treasury revoked a sanctions waiver that allowed Iranian oil to be sold into the global market and U.S. Central Command launched “a series of powerful strikes against Iran” in retaliation for the vessel attacks.
“Renewed tensions in the Middle East have interrupted what had become an increasingly complacent market narrative, prompting investors to reassess geopolitical risks after several weeks of pricing in a smooth path toward de-escalation,” Capital.com market analyst Daniela Hathorn said in a note Wednesday morning. 
“The latest attacks have lifted oil prices, weighed on equity markets and reminded investors that while a ceasefire remains in place, a lasting agreement between the US and Iran is far from guaranteed,” she added.
After the U.S. and Iran signed a memorandum of understanding in mid-June, U.S. oil prices stabilized around $69 to $70 per barrel and remained there for the better part of three weeks.
“For markets and the global economy, the prospect of a swift return to pre-conflict energy and goods flows through the waterway is fading,” said Geoff Yu, senior market strategist at BNY.
Steve Kopack is a senior reporter at NBC News covering business and the economy.
© 2026 NBCUniversal Media, LLC"
85,2026-07-08,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
Jul 8, 2026 — 6:00 AM ET
Motorola makes some fantastic handsets, ranging from its expansive foldable lineup to its pocket-friendly phones. Motorola’s budget handsets don’t cost you an arm and a leg just to give you a basic smartphone experience.
However, the Moto G series has started to feel like it hasn’t been able to outgrow its deficient past. There was a time when I would recommend a Moto G handset to a friend without a second thought for its clean Android experience, but not anymore.
The company will need to step up in a few critical areas to make Moto G phones worth recommending once again.
We do expect budget phones and mid-rangers to start feeling slow after a couple of years of use — it’s not ideal, but that’s how it usually is. But what’s worse is when your phone has sluggish performance right out of the box. There’s no excuse for a new phone to be like that, yet some Moto G series phones feel slow from day one.
The Moto G (2025) with a MediaTek Dimensity 6300 processor scored well on benchmarks, but in day-to-day use, it felt insufficient. This not only mars the vibe of unboxing and using a brand-new phone but also raises serious questions about longevity. Even people investing in a budget phone want their devices to comfortably last more than a couple of years. Motorola needs to use better processors and improve its optimization to improve the user experience and longevity.
Motorola built a reputation for offering a near-stock Android experience, which has been one of the primary reasons to recommend its handsets over those from Xiaomi and Realme (and sometimes even Samsung), which are often weighed down by heavier skins. However, the company has been following market trends for the past few generations by preinstalling unnecessary games and third-party apps. While you can remove several of them (which you shouldn’t need to in the first place), the bloat is leading to other problems on Moto handsets.
Online forums are riddled with users complaining about bloatware eating up precious memory, especially on entry-level variants with lower RAM capacities, like the 4GB RAM versions of some newer models. Sure, the problem isn’t unique to Moto G handsets, but it becomes more disappointing because you come in expecting a clean interface.
Budget shoppers are often more value-conscious, which also means they care about how long their phone lasts. While smartphone makers are racing to promise up to seven years of Android updates on their premium models, Motorola has so far lagged behind. Newer Moto G models do commit to at least a couple of years of updates, but that’s still not quite up to the mark for buyers who prefer keeping their phones for much longer.
Without a proper long-term update plan and a reliable rollout cadence, Moto G phone users are left with insufficient security patches and miss out on newer software features often reserved for pricier phones. In fact, many of the problems we discussed earlier could be easily solved if Motorola committed to a better update plan for its budget handsets. But year after year, the company doesn’t.
No doubt, LCD technology has improved multifold in recent times, but in parallel, OLED displays have also been increasingly replacing LCDs, even on budget smartphones. A lot of budget phones, such as the Samsung Galaxy A16, flaunt OLED screens for under $300. Meanwhile, Motorola has been stubbornly sticking with LCD panels, even on similarly priced models, while reserving its pOLED tech for pricier phones.
Pairing LCDs with a high 120Hz refresh rate may be a good idea for entry-level phones. But the first thing you notice on your phone is the display and color quality, not the refresh rate. While LCDs aren’t inherently bad, OLED panels offer better contrast, overall better appearance, and features like an always-on display — all of which go a long way toward making a phone feel more premium, even if its display refreshes at just 90Hz.
I don’t condone smartphone makers’ fad of stuffing cameras onto their budget phones just to have multiple lens rings on the back. That’s why I won’t even be bringing up the useless 2MP macro lens in the conversation. We sure can’t expect flagship-level performance from cheaper handsets, but I still expect a decent pair of rear cameras that do what they say on the tin. And we have seen Motorola do that — just not widely enough.
If the 2026 Moto G Power is anything to go by, the company can deliver acceptable camera performance with the primary and ultrawide lenses — the latter often takes the biggest hit. Other budget Moto phones aren’t as lucky, though, and I would definitely like to see this ultrawide sensor and the associated image processing make their way to more handsets.
Motorola used to make decent budget handsets, and they were often among the top phones people bought on a tight budget. But those Moto G series phones haven’t moved an inch since their golden era, and Motorola needs a serious reality check to bring its lineup up to speed with the competition.
Until we start seeing these changes, you’d be better off looking at several better alternatives.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
86,2026-07-08,"Industry data shows trading activity and market value accelerating as crypto companies and traditional financial institutions expand tokenized equity initiatives.
Tokenized stock transfers more than doubled over the past month to $8.41 billion, according to RWA.xyz data, as activity in onchain equity markets continued to accelerate.
The sector's distributed value also climbed 43% over the same period to $2.16 billion, while the number of holders increased 17% to more than 409,000, according to the data platform.
Growth was led by several of the market's largest tokenization platforms. Figure's distributed value surged 935% over the past 30 days, while Securitize's rose 332% and xStocks' increased around 62%. 
Ondo remained the largest tokenized stock platform by distributed value at roughly $846 million, followed by xStocks with about $708 million, Securitize with $306 million and Figure with $239 million, according to the data.
Tokenized stocks. Source: RWA.xyz
Tokenized equities outperformed other segments of the RWA market. Distributed value for tokenized US Treasurys, the sector's largest asset class, was essentially flat over the past month, while the broader tokenized RWA market grew about 4% to $33.5 billion.
Related: Tradeweb executes real-time tokenized US Treasury transaction on Canton Network
The tokenized stock market has grown from roughly $378 million to $2.16 billion over the past year, a gain of about 471%, according to RWA.xyz data.
The growth has coincided with a wave of new tokenized equity offerings across crypto exchanges. During the SpaceX IPO, Kraken, Bybit and Bitget Wallet used xStocks infrastructure to offer tokenized pre-IPO access. Although customer demand exceeded the available share allocation, it highlighted growing investor appetite for blockchain-based securities.
The momentum has spread to public markets. Earlier this month, Securitize became the first newly public company to issue tokenized versions of its shares on the Solana and Avalanche blockchains as it debuted on the New York Stock Exchange.
Some of the biggest names in traditional finance have also been accelerating their own tokenization efforts. In May, the DTCC announced plans to launch a tokenized securities service in October after receiving regulatory approval to offer tokenization services on pre-approved blockchains under a three-year pilot.
Source: The_DTCC
Earlier this year, the New York Stock Exchange and parent company Intercontinental Exchange unveiled plans for a platform to trade tokenized stocks and ETFs, while Nasdaq partnered with Kraken and infrastructure firm Backed to develop technology linking traditional equities with blockchain networks.
As competition between crypto-native and traditional finance firms intensifies, ICE CEO Jeffrey Sprecher has urged regulators to allow traditional exchanges to offer 24/7 onchain perpetual futures, arguing regulated venues should be able to compete with crypto-native platforms.
Magazine: Bitcoin decouples from tech stocks, Ether eyes ‘selling wave’: Market Moves
More on the subject
Cointelegraph is committed to providing independent, high-quality journalism across the crypto, blockchain, AI, and fintech industries.
All news, reviews, and analyses are produced with full journalistic independence and integrity. For more details on our standards and processes, please read our Editorial Policy."
87,2026-07-08,"Middle-income Americans straining to pay for Affordable Care Act health insurance are unlikely to get relief next year, according to a new analysis that show..."
88,2026-07-08,"Samsung used to get criticized for cramming too many features into its phones. Years ago, those extras often hurt battery life and performance, so many people turned them off. But modern phones have more than enough power and battery headroom, and that has changed how I use Samsung’s “kitchen sink” approach.
Some of Samsung’s most overlooked features are also its most useful, especially for customizing your phone and automating tasks.
It's sad that most Galaxy users never find or try these features.
Good Lock lets you change the look, feel, and behavior of your phone with special modules you can download for free. It's on every Galaxy, and if you're not using it, you're missing out. Here are my favorites.
The above are my favorite Good Lock modules, but there are so many more you can explore that let you deeply customize your phone. Here's a Good Lock guide on some other great modules you can add, like ones to customize display settings on a per-app basis, clean up your phone's status bar, and more.
I used to think Samsung's Edge Panel was a gimmick and a waste of system resources. But with new features that have been added, plus the fact that the latest Samsung phones have plenty of power to run features like Edge Panel, I now keep it on so that I can keep apps and actions always a swipe away.
To turn on Edge Panels, just go to Settings > Display > Edge panels. 
You can have up to eight different Edge Panels to swipe through, all customizable, when you go to Edge Panels > Panels. From here you can turn on and customize panels for apps, people, tasks, tools, clipboard history, weather and more.
My favorites to turn on are the apps panel (where I place the eight or so apps I use on a regular basis), plus a couple of Samsung tools like AI select and the translator. Then I like to add the people tab, where I add my favorite six or so contacts that I can instantly call or text any of them from any screen. Lastly, the Clipboard History panel is incredibly handy so I can go back in time to see a history of anything I've copied, with a one-touch button to copy any item in my history again.
Edge Panel keeps things a swipe away — but Routines takes it further by removing the swipe entirely, letting your phone act on its own.
If you're familiar with the app If This Then That, also known as IFTTT, you know the amazing power of an app that lets you specify IF [something] happens, perform [this action].
This functionality is actually built natively into your Samsung Galaxy. It's found under the Modes and Routines menu under Settings. While Modes are very useful and are similar to Focus in iOS, I think the really impressive aspect is routines.
The first lets me launch different apps depending on which finger I use to unlock. Even with the screen off, a different fingerprint opens a different app.
The second routine I have set up solves a problem I have, especially when watching YouTube in bed. The routine turns on auto-rotate anytime I launch YouTube so that I can easily go into landscape mode, but then my phone stays in portrait mode at all other times.
Here's how I set this up: Settings > Modes and Routines > Routines > + > If > App Opened (pick YouTube) > Then > Screen Orientation > Auto Rotate. 
Features like Good Lock, Edge Panels, and Routines were once dismissed as bloatware, but they've become genuinely helpful once you learn them — some Good Lock modules even add capabilities stock Android doesn't have. It's a rare case of a manufacturer's software evolving into something better than the default.
The Samsung Galaxy S26 features a 6.3-inch 120Hz display, a Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 chip, and a 4,300 mAh battery. It includes a 50MP main camera with enhanced AI software, 256GB of base storage, and a slim 6.9mm profile, focusing on fast daily performance.
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved
This space is open for discussion.
Be the first to share your thoughts.

The best of MakeUseOf, directly in your inbox.
By subscribing, you agree to receive newsletter and marketing emails, and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe anytime."
89,2026-07-08,"Palm Valley Capital Management, an investment management firm, has issued the second-quarter 2026 investor letter for the “Palm Valley Capital Fund.” A copy..."
90,2026-07-08,"Investing

							Marvell (MRVL) surged 189% year to date to a $215 billion market cap, with its data center segment now comprising 76% of total revenue.													

							CEO Matt Murphy raised fiscal 2027 and 2028 outlooks citing exceptional AI bookings and over 50 new custom AI opportunities across 10+ customers.													

							Marvell trades at 74x forward earnings while risks include customer concentration and potential hyperscaler vertical integration threatening its custom chip business.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Marvell Technology didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Zapp2Photo / Shutterstock.com
In the world of semiconductor stocks, Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) is certainly the kingpin most investors are watching closely. That said, there are other players in this market worth considering, and there’s a $200 billion company I think could be the one investors should be paying attention to right now.
Marvell Technology (NASDAQ:MRVL) closed July 2, 2026 with a market capitalization of roughly $214.58 billion, planting the custom-silicon and optical-interconnect specialist firmly in the $200 billion club alongside a small handful of chip peers. That figure is a valuation snapshot, not a reported earnings line, and it reflects a share price of $245.29 against a 52-week range that bottomed at $61.32.
For a company generating $8.72 billion in trailing revenue, that is the market pricing in a very different Marvell than the one that existed a year ago.
A $200 billion-plus valuation on a semiconductor company usually signals one thing: the market believes it has crossed from cyclical chip supplier into a structural AI infrastructure player. The company’s financials back the reclassification. Marvell’s Q1 fiscal 2027 revenue landed at $2.418 billion, up 27.6% year over year, with its data center segment contributing $1.833 billion, or 76% of the total, growing 27% year over year and 11% sequentially.
Cash generation is following. Marvell’s operating cash flow hit a record $638.8 million, up 91.89%, and free cash flow rose 126.81%. Cash and equivalents on the balance sheet climbed to $3.844 billion, more than four times the prior year. The company’s custom XPU, 800G and 1.6T optics, and 51.2T Ethernet switch portfolio are all showing up in the same place – hyperscale data center capex.
The multi-quarter move has been vertical for MRVL stock. Marvell is up 188.99% year to date, from a start-of-year price of $84.88 to $245.29 on July 2, 2026, and 231.25% over the trailing year. The very recent action is choppier: shares fell 9.84% on July 2 alone and are down 12.79% over the past week and 15.65% over the past month from a June peak near $290.79. The five-year return still sits at 335.54%.
The bull thesis for Marvell rests on management’s own outlook, not extrapolation. CEO Matt Murphy told investors, “We expect revenue growth to continue accelerating each quarter throughout fiscal 2027, driven by continued strength in our data center business.”
Impressively, the company’s Q2 fiscal 2027 revenue guidance sits at $2.70 billion plus or minus 5%, implying roughly 35% year-over-year growth, with non-GAAP EPS guided to $0.93 plus or minus $0.05 and non-GAAP gross margin of 58.25% to 59.25%. Murphy added that Marvell is “significantly raising Marvell’s revenue outlook for both fiscal 2027 and fiscal 2028” on the back of “exceptional AI-related bookings.”
Notably, the company’s product stack lines up with where NVIDIA’s ecosystem is heading. Marvell closed the Celestial AI photonic fabric acquisition on February 2, 2026 and the XConn chiplet connectivity acquisition on February 10, 2026, then raised $2 billion in Series A Convertible Preferred Stock on March 31, 2026 to fund the buildout. Fiscal 2026 revenue closed at $8.195 billion, up 42%, with non-GAAP EPS of $2.84, up 81%. Design wins hit an all-time record, and the company is engaged in over 50 new custom AI opportunities across more than 10 customers.
Analysts are onside. The consensus target sits at $249.33, backed by 8 strong buy and 31 buy ratings against 5 holds and zero sells. Forward earnings multiple: 74x. That is a premium, and it is the price of admission to the AI infrastructure trade.
For long-term holders, the story is straightforward. Marvell crossed $200 billion in market cap because its data center business is now the whole business, and management is guiding acceleration into fiscal 2028.
That’s not to say there aren’t risks within Marvell’s core business model. I think investors are perhaps most focused on customer concentration, potential vertical integration by hyperscalers, a $331.8 million contingent consideration charge that pressed net income down 80.61% in Q1, and rising stock-based comp of $207.6 million.
That said, the future catalyst investors should keep an eye on is the ex-dividend date of July 10, 2026 and the next earnings report covering the quarter ending August 1, 2026. If Murphy’s promise of quarter-over-quarter acceleration holds, the $200 billion sticker looks like a floor.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Chris MacDonald is a 24/7 Wall St. contributor and long-time contributor to other notable finance publications, including The Motley Fool and InvestorPlace. With an MBA in Finance, and more than a decade of experience in venture capital and the corporate finance world, Chris brings a long-term perspective to his analysis of equities and alternative assets. 
His love of investing and focus on finding quality undervalued stocks is complemented by recent research into alternative assets as well. He takes a long-term approach to analyzing companies and cryptos, with a focus on directing the reader to the most sustainable and important catalysts for each respective potential investment.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Marvell Technology (NASDAQ:MRVL | MRVL Price Prediction) has gone vertical. Shares have tripled in a year on the back of…
“Marvell tech had $1 billion more in sales than anyone thought. It’s involved directly with the data center. It’s got…
Marvell Technology (NASDAQ:MRVL | MRVL Price Prediction) and Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) both reported AI-heavy quarters within a week of each other.…
Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD | AMD Price Prediction) and Marvell Technology (NASDAQ: MRVL) both just reported quarters that put…
Live Updates Marvell Technology Q1 Earnings Coverage Wrap-Up May 27, 2026 at 4:51 PM EDT That wraps up our initial…
Marvell Technology (NASDAQ:MRVL | MRVL Price Prediction) delivered a solid quarter as artificial intelligence infrastructure demand continues to drive growth…
The AI infrastructure trade has broadened. NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) still owns the headline, but the second-derivative names…
“Marvell tech had $1 billion more in sales than anyone thought. It’s involved directly with the data center. It’s got…
Marvell Technology (NASDAQ:MRVL | MRVL Price Prediction) is in the middle of a textbook AI-driven breakout, with the stock up…"
91,2026-07-08,"Amid the rumors about OnePlus' impending exit from European markets, the company's customers are reportedly encountering issues with their product warranties. As per user reports on Reddit, which were first spotted by folks at GSMArena, the company is allegedly offering vouchers in lieu of replacements and repairs in Europe. While this would typically be fine, the vouchers are said to be only valid for the company's online stores, which are running pretty much dry right now. This is evidently leaving customers in a tricky situation where they are ending up with faulty devices and vouchers that they can't redeem.
To make things even worse, the shopping vouchers are reportedly only valid for a month, giving OnePlus owners little time to redeem them when the online store has barely anything to order. This is certainly not a good look for OnePlus, which was considered to be among Android phone brands with the best warranty. The company hasn't officially commented on these reports, and whether it's actually going to leave Europe also remains a question. All this should certainly give you pause if you're planning to buy a OnePlus phone in 2026.
OnePlus owners stuck with defective devices in Europe seemingly don't have any other options apart from either accepting the shopping vouchers or remaining stuck with an unusable device. One OnePlus owner shared on Reddit that while trying to get their SuperVOOC charger repaired, the company allegedly told them that the charger was at its end of life (EOL) and offered a voucher of equivalent value. While they reported spotting at least some items in stock on their country's OnePlus online store, they said they couldn't use the voucher, as every item was marked as discounted, and vouchers don't work on discounted items. The company's online support team allegedly expressed an inability to offer any other resolution.
Another OnePlus owner was left with a similar fate. They claimed on Reddit that their OnePlus Buds Pro 2 stopped working recently, and as the earbuds were still under the two-year warranty offered in their country, they expected OnePlus to fix or replace them. While the company allegedly acknowledged the customer deserved a replacement, it couldn't offer them a replacement, as the product was at its EOL. However, it did offer them a voucher for the full value of the earbuds. Again, this voucher was reportedly useless, as the OnePlus store in their country was mostly empty, with no headphones, smartwatches, cases, or even chargers to buy with that voucher. The customer said they refused the voucher and are exploring other options.
While these reports don't directly indicate anything about whether the company is going to leave Europe, the empty stores and lack of replacement products or even repairs do seemingly indicate that OnePlus Europe might just be planning to close shop. The company is already scaling back operations in some other markets.
Although there is nothing official about whether OnePlus is indeed planning to leave Europe, the rumor mill is full of chatter on account of multiple notable departures of OnePlus executives from the company. The company's European social media accounts have also been silent for months, which is not a good sign. Moreover, some of OnePlus' EU country-specific websites were previously spotted nudging shoppers to choose Oppo, and even suggested some Oppo products.
Although it didn't officially note that OnePlus was going away, the company's European arm in April told Android Authority that it was ""reevaluating its regional roadmap and product strategy."" This further gave fuel to rumors about the company's impending exit from the region. More importantly, it added in the same statement that the ""after-sales support and software updates"" are guaranteed for all users; however, the reports coming out of Europe about warranty issues paint a different picture."
92,2026-07-08,"Published Jul 8, 2026 at 2:07 p.m. ET
Share
Published Jul 8, 2026 at 2:07 p.m. ET
Share
 Make your contribution now and help Gothamist thrive in 2026.  Donate today 
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
 The online prediction marketplace Kalshi is fighting back against the New York State Gaming Commission’s attempts to regulate it like a gambling site.
A federal judge on Tuesday denied Kalshi’s request for a preliminary injunction that would have shielded it from state oversight.
“New York’s gambling laws are designed to protect consumers. Kalshi tried to ignore them,” New York Attorney General Letitia James and Gov. Kathy Hochul said in a joint statement Wednesday. “We will continue to hold all gambling platforms accountable to the law — and that includes prediction markets.”
Kalshi has appealed the judge’s denial. For the moment, Kalshi can continue operating in New York as the case proceeds. A representative for Kalshi did not respond to a request for comment.
Under state law, any company that offers sports gambling must get a license from the Gaming Commission. Kalshi sued the commission in October after regulators sent it a cease-and-desist letter.
Kalshi sells its users short-term contracts that provide payouts if they predict the right answer to a given question, like who will win an election, whether the temperature will hit a certain level on a given day, or what country will win the 2026 World Cup. The odds are set by the activity among traders, rather than the “house” at a casino or sportsbook.
Kalshi argues this makes its contracts substantively different from sports bets. New York regulators argue it's simply gambling by another name.
Prediction marketplaces like Kalshi and Polymarket are facing a multifront battle over who gets to regulate them, and how. In April the federal Commodity Futures Trading Commission sued the state, saying New York officials were improperly infringing on Washington’s exclusive jurisdiction over prediction markets.
The Trump administration has supported the growth of the platforms. Donald Trump Jr., the president’s son, is an adviser to both Kalshi and Polymarket.
That federal case is ongoing.
There are over a dozen states battling Kalshi and Polymarket in court. The Massachusetts attorney general secured a preliminary injunction earlier this year blocking Kalshi from operating in the state. A federal judge in Arizona blocked state regulators from enforcing gambling laws against prediction marketplaces.
Tagged
Walter Wuthmann is a reporter covering public safety and the legal system.
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
 MORE news
A 21-year-old woman remains in critical condition.
Published Jul 8, 2026 at 8:32 p.m. ET
Mayor Zohran Mamdani's transportation commissioner has vowed to fix a crumbling section of the stacked highway that's bedeviled city planners for a decade.
Mayor Zohran Mamdani's transportation commissioner has vowed to fix a crumbling section of the stacked highway that's bedeviled city planners for a decade.
 Catch up on the most important headlines with a roundup of essential NYC stories, delivered to your inbox daily. 
Gothamist is a website about New York City news, arts, events and food, brought to you by New York Public Radio."
93,2026-07-08,Keep an eye on these things!
94,2026-07-08,"
Sign up with your email below to instantly access member features, newsletters and exclusive Insider perks


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest in phones
News, deals, reviews, guides and more…
Latest in computing
News, deals, reviews, guides and more on the newest computing gadgets

Start exploring exclusive deals, expert advice and more


Member Rewards


Unlock and manage exclusive Techradar member rewards.

Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed!
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
Buffalo reverses Blu-ray exit decision, but warns of price hikes

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Japanese firm Buffalo has reversed its decision to stop selling Blu-ray drives (via PC Watch), announcing it will continue selling several portable models after securing additional supply of components that were previously unavailable.
This comes after an earlier February 2026 announcement that it would suspend the sale of Blu-ray drives in July 2026 due to component shortages – not a lack of demand.
However, customers are set to pay a premium for Buffalo’s renewed sales due to ongoing global semiconductor shortages, rising material costs and higher overall manufacturing costs.
For example, the BRXL-PTV6U3 model bundled with writing software sees the biggest increase of 51%, from ¥16,940 ($104) to ¥25,630 ($158). Buffalo’s BRXL-PT6U3 model also sees a 44% price hike, and the BRXL-PTWOU3 increases in cost by 33%.
Additionally, even though the company continues to sell Blu-ray drives at a higher cost to maintain supply for customer demand, production will only continue while newly sourced components last, implying that Buffalo itself is facing major supply struggles.
No final end date has been shared due to the unpredictability of production volumes, shipping volumes and retail inventory levels, but once the parts are no longer available, manufacturing will stop and sales will likely end permanently.
More broadly, it marks ongoing challenges in the industry, with Pioneer confirming it would be withdrawing from the optical disc drive business in 2025. LG also stopped manufacturing new drives, and Sony shipped its final consumer Blu-ray recorders in Japan implying a relatively strong market as other regions dwindled.
Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed!
However, earlier this year Verbatim Japan and I-O Data publicly committed to continuing Blu-ray drive development (via Tom’s Hardware) even after major players exited, arguing that demand remains strong for customers who need long-term offline storage, like photographers and videographers, governments, businesses and archives.
“We have once again recognized that the need to ‘record data I want to keep onto a disc I have on hand [sic]’ continues to genuinely exist,” the two companies said in a joint statement.
However, optical storage does face competition from the generally pricier, but far more convenient rival that is cloud storage. Local storage via SSDs and HDDs is also often favored by many.
Ultimately, despite continued demand for some markets in Japan, likely driven by anime consumption and a relatively strong but declining movie rental business, the Blu-ray market is no longer big enough to guarantee a stable supply of components. With news that Buffalo, too, could soon exit the market after a second wind, it could mark the end of the Blu-ray era.
 



Follow TechRadar on Google News and add us as a preferred source to get our expert news, reviews, and opinion in your feeds.
With several years’ experience freelancing in tech and automotive circles, Craig’s specific interests lie in technology that is designed to better our lives, including AI and ML, productivity aids, and smart fitness. He is also passionate about cars and the decarbonisation of personal transportation. As an avid bargain-hunter, you can be sure that any deal Craig finds is top value!
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

TechRadar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
95,2026-07-08,"Once the deal is completed, the company plans an extensive refurbishment and repositioning of the property.
Fattal Hotel Group has agreed to acquire The Blakely Hotel in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, marking the hospitality company’s first hotel investment in the US.
The Israeli Stock Exchange-listed company operates 329 hotels across 22 countries and is known for its Leonardo Hotels brand.

						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					

							Find out more 
Its new acquisition, The Blakely, is located close to Central Park, Times Square and Fifth Avenue.
The “pre-war” building contains 117 rooms, including 42 suites.
Fattal Hotel Group founder David Fattal said: “Entering the US market is a landmark moment for Fattal Hotel Group, and a major strategic step in our continued international growth.
“New York is one of the world’s most important hospitality markets and the ideal location for our first US property. Expanding into New York represents the next chapter in our evolution into a global hotel company.”
Once the deal is completed, Fattal Hotel Group plans an extensive refurbishment and repositioning of the property.
The hotel will stay shut throughout the redevelopment period and is slated to return to the market in mid-2027, operating under one of the group’s established brands.
Leonardo Hotels UK, Ireland, Benelux, Spain, Portugal and US development CEO Ronen Nissenbaum said: “It’s important that our first US hotel is right in the centre of one of the world’s greatest cities and we are excited to bring Leonardo Hotels’ renowned guest service to the US market.
“This hotel benefits from an exceptional Midtown Manhattan location in the centre of one of the world’s most dynamic destinations.
“We see significant long-term potential in the property and look forward to repositioning and reopening it as a premium hotel that embodies the quality, service standards, and ambition of our group.”
In January 2026, Fattal Hotel Group expanded its portfolio by acquiring Greece’s five-star Cora Resort and Spa from Bain Capital.

                Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
            


                    Find out more
                    








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 











Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		The leading site for news and procurement in the hotel management industry

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026"
96,2026-07-08,"With a 5-year EPS growth forecasted at 62.88%, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) is among the 12 Best Cybersecurity Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Lo..."
97,2026-07-08,"The Fiat Topolino is now on sale in the U.S. for just under $14,000."
