,date,content
0,2026-08-08,"It's Saturday afternoon and I've nearly fallen at the first hurdle â I've left my digital camera battery on charge at home.
Forgive me, I last took this camera out with me 15 years ago on a family holiday to the Canary Islands. 
Take two. Now with the charged battery in hand, I'm taking my digital camera to a DJ set as an experiment.
It's because older technology is having a bit of a moment â social media is full of people talking about why they're going back to basics with the likes of digital cameras, wired headphones and early MP3 players.
Sales of iPods and Walkman portable audio players in the UK on eBay increased by nearly 50% in 2025, the online marketplace told us, while searches for iPod minis on the platform have increased by 48% over the last year.
The same photo is taken on a digital camera (left) and a smartphone (right) - which do you prefer?
Luckily I'm out with my photography-loving best friend, who helps adjust the settings on the camera and gets snapping while I'm otherwise engaged on the dancefloor.
The mere sight of us pulling out the camera and squinting through its tiny viewfinder draws attention â ""I've not seen one of these in years"", a man remarks.
He's right â digital cameras had their heyday in the late 1990s and early 2000s, just before smartphones took off.
There are currently 42 million active film camera users globally, more than a third of these aged 18â30 and largely influenced by social media trends, according to a market research report, external last year.
So why, when we're surrounded by more advanced tech here in 2026, are they seemingly making a resurgence?
For Lily Redman, a 26-year-old content creator from South Wales, digital cameras ""capture a quality that my phone just can't replicate"".
She's been taking one on nights out and to concerts and feels the flash on her phone ""is grainy and too high definition"" compared to the ""more smooth"" finished product on a digital camera.
""I think people are looking for a bit of grit or something that feels a bit more real,"" she says.
That may also explain why low exposure photos taken on iPhones and Androids â where people dodge ready-made filters to artificially crank down the exposure setting and produce a darker image â are also popular on socials right now.
With digital cameras offering an element of surprise when you plug in the memory card reader to your computer at home, digital cameras capture a moment in time.
""If I look back at photos my mum took when I was two, they look so old but when I look at photos I took five years ago, they look like they were taken yesterday,"" says Redman. 
""Phone photos have warped our perception of time.""
Lily Redman likes going out with her digital camera
It's not just digital cameras returning from the archives (or a dusty cupboard), but early MP3 devices like iPods too.
According to refurbished tech website Backmarket, iPods are ""driving the trend"" in sales of older MP3 devices with a 48% increase in sales between 2024 and 2025, with demand for MP3 and MP4 players ""accelerating further into 2026"".
Cheri Sanih, 30, runs a Tumblr account about older technology which she says has gained thousands of followers recently.
As she scrolls through the music library on her mint green iPod, filled with album artwork from 15 to 20 years ago, childhood memories of receiving one as a Christmas present come flooding back.
For her, it's all about nostalgically ""wanting to remember simpler times""; being able to ""bury into escapism"".
Sanih points out how her ""phone is always getting notifications and sometimes I just want to be outside, blissfully listening to music"".
She thinks iPods have become popular again because of their ""beautiful design"" and the way the music player is ""the first bit of technology really catering to humans with a less cluttered user interface"".
Cheri Sanih's mint green iPod is a throwback
And speaking of back to basics, wired headphones are perhaps as simple as you can get, but again proving popular online.
These are now a daily staple for 23-year-old Monique Wellman-Mason from Bristol, who grew tired of losing her wireless earbuds.
""Every single time I get them out my bag I spend two minutes trying to detangle them which is a bit of a pain,"" she jokes, ""but at the same time I love that they have a microphone and I'm [always] connected to my phone"".
She tells the BBC that the clear mic is useful for her job as a social media manager and she enjoys being able to ""spark that nostalgia"", while another positive is wired earphones are ""really cheap"" at about Â£20.
Monique made the switch from bluetooth wireless to wired earphones a few months back and says she hasn't returned to the former since. 
""Technology only goes up and we're always looking for the quickest thing but this is a step back in a way â I love it,"" she says.
Monique Wellman-Maso prefers wired headphones to fancier wireless ones
Whether it's digital cameras, iPods or wired earphones, does a renewed love for early-digital gadgets among some young people tell us something more?
It's been on the mind of Andrew Przybylski, professor of technology and human behaviour at the University of Oxford.
Underpinning a fondness for more basic tech is ""people's desire on a very deep level to be in control of their experiences,"" he argues.
He says the modern digital world often leaves us inflicted by decision paralysis, external - the inability to choose because there are so many options.
When a new series comes out, he explains, ""binge watching it automatically"" often feels like a decision that is made for us.
In contrast, when you choose to turn on a digital camera and play with its settings or add an album to your iPod library ""you move towards something you want versus it coming at you"".
Andrew says ""people want more than to just rent the things [and experiences] they're passionate about"" and that buying your own music or taking your own pictures creates a sense of connection.
He references Xbox's server outage in late July, in which users couldn't play games even if they owned the discs and how ""nobody liked that"".
""Imagine if a book worked that way,"" he adds.
Additional reporting by Amy Walker.
Watch our pick of standout clips from across the BBC
Andy Burnham to embark on cost of living tour through the UK
Fifa criticises campaign to oust president Infantino
Killed a month after his wedding - why PC Andrew Harper's death touched so many
I went for a full body MOT and the results came as a shock
PokÃ©mon hobby takes brothers to world championships
'We had to flee with just my daughter's clothes and dolls'
Obesity rates have doubled in England since 1993 - what's going on?
The 101-year-old who created a dolls' house museum with her childhood toys
Artist's 'anger and frustration' with internet copycats 
The 'education gap' hiding behind picture-perfect Cornwall and Devon 
How a diary entry solved the murder of a missing man
Get news, tips and ideas for your family with our Summer Essential newsletter
With great power comes great responsibility
She's not a bad girl anymore, wink wink wink wink
Can a test tell you what's living inside your gut?
How much discipline is too much in school?
'Top universities cut entry grades' and 'Uefa set for Infantino inquiry'
Andy Burnham to embark on cost of living tour through the UK
Killed a month after his wedding - why PC Andrew Harper's death touched so many
He's been frozen on Everest for 30 years, now 'Green Boots' may finally be coming home
How weight-loss medication is changing relationships with alcohol
Israel accused of weaponising archaeology at ancient West Bank sites
I went for a full body MOT and the results came as a shock
Australia is the planet's extinction hotspot, but one animal offers a glimmer of hope
Hormuz talks positive, Oman says, as Iran warns deal would not open strait
Madonna pays tribute to 'genius, otherworldly' producer William Orbit
Copyright Â© 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking."
1,2026-08-08,Berkshire Hathaway's new CEO Greg Abel spent a significant chunk of the company's massive pile of cash as it invested $10 billion in Google's parent company...
2,2026-08-08,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
I’m entering the final season of my career as CEO of a national home services brand. Here’s how age and experience have shaped my priorities.
Copied to clipboard

		Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.	
We don’t get to be young forever, but that’s actually a good thing. Like Pete Seeger of The Byrds sang back in 1962:
“To everything there is a seasonAnd a time to every purpose under heavenA time to be born, a time to dieA time to plant, a time to reapA time to kill, a time to healA time to laugh, a time to weep”
Of course, those lyrics are even older than that. They originally appeared in the Book of Ecclesiastes, which is part of the Old Testament. If you’re looking for proof of the value in old things, I don’t know where you’re going to find a better example than that.
But this isn’t just a feel-good article for my older readers about how age brings wisdom. The point I’m using those lyrics to illustrate is actually that there are distinct seasons to your career, each of which brings valuable perspective. You just have to acknowledge which season you’re in instead of staying in denial about it.
My priorities when I entered the roofing industry as a teenager were very different from the ones I have today, but that hasn’t hampered my business. My company, Roof Maxx, is presently valued at over eight figures and has dealers selling our roof restoration solution across the country.
Here’s how each season of my career helped me refine my pathway to success — and how yours can do the same for you if you let it.
The springtime of your career encompasses those early years when you’re busy planting the seeds of new ideas and dreaming of the future. It’s arguably the most conceptual time in an entrepreneur’s life, because it’s all about potential. You’re not yet so invested in anything that you’re thinking only about dollars and cents; the future is a blank slate, and you have enough time ahead of you to dream a little.
Now, the likelihood is that not all of those dreams are going to come true, at least not in the way you thought they would. When I was in my teens and twenties, I had no idea that I was eventually going to start Roof Maxx. I got into roofing with simpler ambitions — of becoming a successful contractor, of working with my family, and of building a recognizable brand in our home state of Ohio that would become my legacy.
That didn’t exactly happen. In fact, I worked for 15 years as a roofing contractor and was on the verge of financial failure for most of that time. But as I grew older and wiser, the dream evolved. Things eventually turned out even better than I could have imagined.
The truth is that big plans aren’t enough to succeed in business. You also need to make smart investments. That’s what the summer of your career is for: cultivating the seeds you planted years ago, then carefully pruning and protecting your business ideas so they can grow.
An investment isn’t just about money, either. Not every early-to-mid-career entrepreneur has cash to spare. The time you invest is equally important. And if you invest your time carefully, my experience has taught me that other resources will often become available.
When Todd and I discovered the Roof Maxx formula, which could extend the usable lifespan of asphalt shingle roofs for years as long as they were in decent condition, we didn’t have much in the way of liquid assets. But we had years of experience as roofers, which allowed us to recognize the market potential for a cost-effective restoration solution in an industry then-dominated by contractors who only sold roof replacements, regardless of whether their customers’ roofs could still be saved.
We also had a company that we could sell, so that’s what we did. The money from that sale allowed us to pivot into the business that would eventually become Roof Maxx. What looked like a new company was actually the culmination of years of effort.
Roof Maxx didn’t succeed overnight, but it did disrupt the roofing industry relatively quickly. Homeowners realized we were offering them a way to keep using their current roofs for years to come at a fraction of what it would cost to replace them, and many were eager to try it for themselves.
Our flagship product had undergone extensive testing at Ohio State University, and our dealers were carefully instructed to inspect each homeowner’s roof for suitability before recommending Roof Maxx. We also included a tune-up as part of our complete roof restoration process, which addressed minor damage like nail pops or isolated damaged shingles before the product was applied. This maximized its efficacy and ensured better results for customers.
As a result, many customers who tried Roof Maxx were happy to leave us positive reviews or refer new business our way. As demand grew, we found ourselves presiding over a national dealer network with a presence in all 50 states.
As I write this article, I’m less than a month away from my 60th birthday. I only have a few years left before I’m at what most people consider retirement age. The winter of my career has finally arrived.
But this doesn’t fill me with apprehension. Winter is a time for taking stock of what you have and preparing for the future. Every December, families gather together to celebrate and prepare for the coming year. Roof Maxx started as a family business, and it’s a legacy I’ll be proud to pass on to the next generation once I’ve made the proper arrangements.
When you’re young, you dream of the future. As you gain experience, your focus turns to time and money. Invest those wisely, and you’ll reap what you’ve sown for years to come. After all that, it’s only natural to think about what you’re leaving to others. To everything there is a season.
We don’t get to be young forever, but that’s actually a good thing. Like Pete Seeger of The Byrds sang back in 1962:
“To everything there is a seasonAnd a time to every purpose under heavenA time to be born, a time to dieA time to plant, a time to reapA time to kill, a time to healA time to laugh, a time to weep”
Of course, those lyrics are even older than that. They originally appeared in the Book of Ecclesiastes, which is part of the Old Testament. If you’re looking for proof of the value in old things, I don’t know where you’re going to find a better example than that.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
3,2026-08-08,
4,2026-08-08,"""Consumers are starved for better tools to help make one of the biggest financial decisions of their life,"" says Kelley Blue Book Homes CEO John Liss."
5,2026-08-08,"Greg Abel might just be a little looser with the purse strings than Warren Buffett.
Abel, who succeeded Buffett as Berkshire Hathaway's CEO at the turn of this year, oversaw a drop in the conglomerate's mountain of cash and Treasury bills from $380 billion at the end of March to $365 billion at the end of June, excluding Treasury payables.
Berkshire opened its coffers to buy $23.5 billion in stocks while selling only $3.7 billion, meaning it purchased nearly $20 billion on a net basis. It had been a net seller for 14 quarters straight. The last time it had a larger net outlay on stocks was in the first quarter of 2022.
Abel also repurchased $4.6 billion of Berkshire stock, marking the company's biggest quarter for stock buybacks since 2021.
The parent company of Geico, Dairy Queen, and Squishmallows-owner Jazwares reported a 16% year-on-year rise in operating income to $13 billion in the second quarter.
Lower insurance profits were offset by profit growth at BNSF Railway, Berkshire Hathaway Energy, and the manufacturing, service, and retailing division, plus a nearly $1.3 billion foreign-currency exchange gain.
Berkshire completed its acquisition of Taylor Morrison Home Corporation for $8.5 billion in cash on July 24, after the quarter ended.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Ramping up net stock purchases and buybacks marks a change in tempo for Berkshire. Its cash pile roughly doubled during Buffett's last two years as CEO as the legendary bargain hunter struggled to find them in a red-hot market for stocks and private businesses.
Macrae Sykes, a portfolio manager at Gabelli Funds, said in emailed comments that he welcomed the sizable buyback since it suggested Abel and Buffett — who remains chairman — once again saw Berkshire shares as offering good value for money, and were finding ways to deploy cash.
Abel pledged allegiance to Buffett's signature approach of disciplined capital allocation in his first letter to shareholders in February, writing that Berkshire pursues opportunities where the reward matches the risk.
Buffett's successor said he's proud of Berkshire's ""nimble culture,"" which enables it to make considered, thoughtful investments quickly.
""Many times in Berkshire's history, some observers have suggested that our substantial cash position signals a retreat from investing. It does not. We continue to evaluate many opportunities and will remain patient and disciplined in pursuing the right ones for the benefit of our owners,"" Abel wrote.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
6,2026-08-08,The AI replaces the work of employees who used to determine prices.
7,2026-08-08,"This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with William Swanson, a 22-year-old working in medical sales who moved to New York in June. The conversation has been edited for length and clarity.
I had just graduated from college and was moving from Massachusetts to New York for a job starting in June. I planned to get an apartment with friends, but they wouldn't arrive in the city until the end of July. Since they didn't want to start paying New York rent before they needed to, I had to find a short-term place to stay in the meantime.
Finding long-term housing in New York is already difficult, and looking for a short-term lease is even harder. I was in a time crunch and didn't really know where to start.
I wanted to live close to the hospital where I'd be working because I was new to the city and unfamiliar with public transportation. I was also just starting out, so I wanted something affordable that was still safe.
There are a bunch of NYC Facebook groups where people post things like, ""My roommate just left, and we're looking for someone to fill their spot."" Those can be good, but you have to get lucky with the timing and location.
I also looked on Airbnb and websites like SpareRoom and Furnished Finder. I reached out to a few people, but some of the situations were weird. It would be like, ""My cousin is sleeping on the couch,"" or, ""Someone else might also be staying in the room."" So I avoided those.
Eventually, I found a listing from a 70-year-old woman named Aleyda on SpareRoom. We messaged a little, and I figured she was probably a safer bet. It was an unusual living arrangement, but I decided to take a chance.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
I FaceTimed Aleyda to see the apartment, but the person I spoke with wasn't even her. It was a younger guy who lived in the building and was helping translate for her because she spoke Spanish.
He showed me around the apartment, and I liked it. Still, I was a little suspicious because I thought, ""I'm not even meeting the person I'm going to be living with.""
I told my parents. My dad, who's from Boston, was basically like, ""Yeah, you'll be fine."" My mom was more concerned.
Being a guy made it feel a little less scary. So I decided to go for it and hope the apartment actually existed. Worst case, I figured I'd get a hotel or find something else.
On move-in day, I finally met Aleyda and was relieved to find out she was a real person and I wasn't getting scammed. My parents helped me move in because they wanted to meet her, too.
She was incredibly nice and caring. I remember my mom was taken aback by how lucky I had gotten. I had somehow found the perfect roommate.
I don't know too much about Aleyda because I didn't want to ask her too many questions. What I do know is that I was the 11th or 12th person she had rented the room to.
Aleyda's apartment has three bedrooms, a kitchen, and a small living room. She sleeps in one bedroom, another is used for storage, and mine was near the bathroom we shared.
I paid about $1,900 for the month without utilities, which is objectively insane. But short-term rentals are more expensive, and it was still one of the better deals I could find in a great location. I figured I'd eat the cost for a month.
Aleyda speaks Spanish, so a lot of the time we texted, and I think she used some kind of AI to help with translation. I also have a Colombian friend who speaks Spanish, so sometimes I'd FaceTime him to help us communicate. Other times, the neighbor would help.
It was obviously a nontraditional living situation — a 22-year-old guy living with a 70-year-old woman — but she was super laid-back and let me do my own thing.
She had a few rules: no partying, drugs, drinking, or having a bunch of people over. Basically, she was like, ""Whatever you do outside my apartment, I can't control."" I thought that was fair. I was coming into her home, so I was going to play by her rules.
Aleyda had a social life of her own. She was always out with friends. Sometimes she'd make me meals, and I'd ask her to eat with me, but she'd be like, ""No, I'm busy. I have somewhere to go, but please eat."" Some nights, she'd stay up watching TV way later than I did, which was kind of funny.
While I was living with Aleyda, I had boots on the ground touring apartments for my future roommates and me.
I was looking for listings on StreetEasy and Zillow. Local New Yorkers will sometimes make fun of people for using StreetEasy, but a lot of them seem to have connections or just know how the market works. Some of my friends even have rent-stabilized apartments that were passed down to them.
The New York rental market is insane, so if you're coming to the city with no connections, it's much harder. You might not know which websites to use or which listings to trust.
Sometimes I'd show up to a listing, and there would literally be 100 people touring it. It definitely tempted me to stay at Aleyda's, but she already had someone lined up for the room once my one-month lease ended.
Eventually, my roommates and I found a pretty decent place in the East Village. I pay around $1,975 before utilities — pretty similar to what I was paying before. We really lucked out. If you find anything for under $2,000 in Manhattan, you're lucky.
There are definitely upsides and downsides to my new place. I have my own room, so I'm more relaxed, because I don't have to tiptoe around someone else's home. While it's nice to have that freedom, I don't have an abuelita looking after me anymore.
New York kind of forces you to say yes and try new things. Living with Aleyda was an awesome experience. She welcomed me into her home and put a lot of trust in me. Having that stability and comfort when I first moved to the city was really nice.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
8,2026-08-08,"BREAKING: Dow, S&P 500 At Highs; Warren Buffett's Berkshire Beats

The S&P 500 punched to new highs and the Nasdaq notched its strongest week since April as the market shifted back into rally mode during the first week of August. The week's stock market action through off a spray of bullish signals, the kind that open the door for investors to start piling into the list of stocks they've compiled…
Copyright ©2026 Investor's Business Daily, LLC. All rights reserved. 87990cbe856818d5eddac44c7b1cdeb8
Artificial intelligence can help identify and manage cyber threats, but in the hands of bad actors AI also creates new risks. (© Gary Neill)
Get instant access to exclusive stock lists, expert market analysis and powerful tools with 2 months of IBD Digital for only $20!
Get market updates, educational videos, webinars, and stock analysis.
Learn how you can make more money with IBD's investing tools, top-performing stock lists, and educational content.
Information in Investor’s Business Daily is for informational and educational purposes only and should not be construed as an offer, recommendation, solicitation, or rating to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, but we make no guarantee as to its accuracy, timeliness, or suitability, including with respect to information that appears in closed captioning. Historical investment performances are no indication or guarantee of future success or performance. Authors/presenters may own the stocks they discuss. We make no representations or warranties regarding the advisability of investing in any particular securities or utilizing any specific investment strategies. Information is subject to change without notice. For information on use of our services, please see our Terms of Use.
*Real-time prices by Nasdaq Last Sale. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. Ownership data provided by LSEG and Estimate data provided by FactSet.
IBD, IBD Digital, IBD Live, IBD Weekly, Investor's Business Daily, Leaderboard, MarketDiem, MarketSurge and other marks are trademarks owned by Investor's Business Daily, LLC.
©2026 Investor’s Business Daily, LLC. All Rights Reserved."
9,2026-08-08,"

      Vanessa Romo
    


                The CoreCivic, Inc. California City Immigration Processing Center stands in the Kern County desert awaiting reopening as a federal immigrant detention facility under contract with the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) in California City, California on July 10, 2025.
                
                    
                    Patrick T. Fallon/AFP via Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

America's two largest private prison companies, CoreCivic and GEO Group, are reporting a combined $1.4 billion in quarterly revenue over the spring as immigration detention closes in on record levels.
Those revenues announced Thursday do not include net proceeds of $1.6 billion made by CoreCivic after the recent sale of four of their facilities to the Department of Homeland Security. Patrick Swindle, CoreCivic's President and CEO, told investors on an earnings call that that works out to an average rate of $307,000 per bed.
The earnings — from April through June of this year — come as the U.S. is holding almost 66,000 people in immigration detention, nearing record levels not seen since January, according to Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse, a nonpartisan research center. Both companies say they're also finding other revenue opportunities, like ankle monitors for Haitian immigrants who recently lost their protected immigration status.
Swindle said that CoreCivic's total revenue went up by just over 27% this spring compared to the same quarter last year, for a total of $684.9 million. CoreCivic exceeded expectations in a period that included the government shutdown, Swindle said. This was accomplished in part by lowering operating costs — meaning the business of detaining people is becoming cheaper — and because of more people being put in detention.
CoreCivic's sales of detention centers to the government won't be reflected until next quarter — but they are part of a larger strategy to meet President Trump's goal of having 100,000 people in detention at once. CoreCivic made a deal to continue operating the detention centers and also hopes to build more. Meanwhile, GEO Group says they're also in talks to do the same.
GEO Group CEO George Zoley said in his company's earnings call also on Thursday that thanks to 2025 contracts, total revenues are up to $732.1 million — an increase of nearly $96 million or 15% — over the same period last year.
GEO Group's government ties run deep. Former GEO Group executive David Venturella is the acting director of ICE. In a recent letter, he told lawmakers he has divested his GEO Group stock.

                White House Border Czar Tom Homan walks away after talking to reporters after doing television interviews outside the West Wing of the White House on June 30, 2026 in Washington, DC.
                
                    
                    Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images North America
                    
                
hide caption

President Trump's border czar Tom Homan was also a paid consultant for GEO Group before joining the government, and former Attorney General Pam Bondi lobbied for GEO Group before she was appointed.
President Trump also has financial stakes in the two companies, according to Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics. An analysis of Trump's most recent financial disclosure by CREW last month found that the president's brokers have made 29 trades of private prison stocks since he returned to office. According to the study, the first purchases were made on the 10th day of his second term. The total amount bought and sold was in the hundreds of thousands of dollars split between GEO Group and CoreCivic.
In Thursday's call, GEO Group noted that their ankle monitoring sales are up. The electronic devices are part of the Intensive Supervision Appearance Program contract it has with ICE, along with smartwatches and the SmartLink phone app that help the government keep tabs on immigrants outside of detention, Zoley said. 
Zoley also told investors that GPS-tracking ankle monitors in particular will likely keep climbing now that Temporary Protected Status for Haitian immigrants has ended.
""Because of this new policy shift as to who will be subject to this immigration enforcement like … the Haitians, we could see a significant increase in the number of people in the ISAP program,"" Zoley said, adding ""most of them, we believe, would be placed under the ankle monitoring supervision."" He noted that ""the app is far less expensive than the ankle monitors.""
Member station WVXU in Ohio previously reported on seeing Haitian migrants fitted with ankle monitors as they left meetings with ICE officials. GEO Group also drew more money from transportation and flight contracts with the government, which went up in line with more deportations, according to Zoley.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
10,2026-08-08,"India’s MTF book has surged nearly five-fold to over Rs 1.3 lakh crore, reflecting rising retail participation and deeper cash-market activity. Unlike leverage-driven volatility overseas, India’s regulatory safeguards, margin requirements, position limits and broker-level controls keep leverage collateralised and dispersed. These measures reduce systemic risks and support market resilience.
sustained gains in Indian equities over the past few years have enabled investors to use MTF to increase exposure to high-conviction stocks and capitalise on market opportunities.

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Bigger or Better: Tata Power – the hard part is done. Will the paying part start? Part 3
ET Prime special series: Bigger or Better ? FY13 to FY26. Not years, but evidence: Tata Power - Part 1
Did dollar bail out yen or vice-versa?
How Future Consumer insolvency professional selection slipped from SBI’s control
More troubles brewing, is SpiceJet flying too close to the sun?
In a first, Airbus set to source Indian titanium for its planes
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Definitions
Top Slideshow
Top Prime Articles
Top Story Listing
Top Market Pages
Top Commodities
Private Companies
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime









                             Connect with an ETPrime expert for personalized support and guidance
                            
What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
11,2026-08-08,"Samsung is finally giving the Z Fold lineup the Ultra treatment. Well, kind of. At its most recent Unpacked event, Samsung launched not one but two book-style foldable phones — in the form of the Galaxy Z Fold 8, and yes, the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra.
Of course, you might assume that the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra is the one that brings something new to the table. On the contrary, however, it's the standard Galaxy Z Fold 8 that has the all-new form factor and is the one that's getting most people excited about foldables again. That doesn't mean that the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra is a subpar phone, of course. In fact, as you can probably tell by the price and the name, it's technically the better phone.
Despite the non-obvious changes, the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra does have a higher price tag, retailing for $2,099. That makes it one of the most expensive smartphones you can buy right now and one that costs more than most laptops. But how much better is it? And should Samsung have given it the same form factor revision that it gave the standard Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8? I've been using the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra for a while now to find out.
As mentioned, the base Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 has gotten a pretty major design update compared to previous generation Samsung foldable phones. It's shorter and wider, and that impacts both the cover screen and the inside display. The Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra, on the other hand, is essentially indistinguishable from the Galaxy Z Fold 7, at least at first glance. Sure, there are some design changes, but they're minor and iterative.
That, of course, isn't necessarily a problem. Plenty of people love the design of the Z Fold 7, especially given its much thinner build compared to previous Z Fold devices. The Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra goes even further with that concept. The device is slightly thinner than the Z Fold 7. And while the differences are minor, anything that trends towards thinner in the world of foldable phones is a step in the right direction.
The build quality is pretty good, too. There's Gorilla Glass Ceramic 3 on the cover display, Victus 2 on the rear, and a so-called Advanced Armor aluminum frame holding it all together. The star of the show, though, is the new hinge. This phone opens with a smoother, less stiff action than the Fold 7's hinge. Supposedly, that makes it easier to open with one hand, but I still found it pretty much impossible to open without using both hands. That's something I've just gotten used to, though. I don't find it to be a huge issue in most day-to-day use.
The phone is also more durable than those from a few years ago — though not compared to the Galaxy Z Fold 7. It has an IP48 rating, which means it's pretty well-protected against water, but it's also only protected against particles larger than 1mm. If you drop it in the pool, it should survive just fine, but you won't want to bring it to the beach.
For the most part, the actual look of the phone is pretty similar to the Z Fold 7. It has the tall and thin form factor with volume and power buttons on the right side and a triple camera module on the back. That camera module is pretty pronounced and more than doubles the thickness of the phone when unfolded. It means that the phone doesn't even get close to sitting flush on a desk and will rock fairly heavily if you try to use it while it's laying down.
Compared to the Z Fold 7, then, you're getting a thinner phone with a noticeably more refined hinge and a better IP rating — but not a phone that looks or feels dramatically different. Compared to the standard Z Fold 8, the differences are much more pronounced. Which shape you prefer is genuinely a matter of taste.
The displays on the Z Fold 8 Ultra are among the best I've seen on any foldable. The main inner screen is an 8.0-inch Dynamic LTPO AMOLED 2X panel with a 2256 × 2504 resolution and a nearly square 9.99:9 aspect ratio. The cover display is a 6.5-inch panel coming in at 1080 × 2520, matching that same pixel density. Both support variable 1–120Hz refresh rates and HDR10+, and both deliver the deep blacks and excellent color accuracy. Samsung claims 3,000 nits of peak brightness, and indeed, the screen is quite bright — I was easily able to see content outdoors, partially thanks to the anti-glare coating on the display.
Perhaps more important is the work Samsung has done to reduce the crease. It's dramatically reduced this generation, to the point of being virtually unnoticeable during standard head-on use. You can still find it under glancing light or with the screen off, but I simply stopped thinking about it as time went on — though, to be fair, I already stopped thinking about it when using other foldables, too. Combined with the reduced reflectivity, the inner display feels much closer to a proper tablet screen than any Samsung foldable before it. Again, I suspect most people will never think about the crease on this device.
The aspect ratios are the same as the Galaxy Z Fold 7, so if you like that form factor, you'll be happy with the Z Fold 8 Ultra. It is, of course, a notably different look than the new Galaxy Z Fold 8, which has a much wider and shorter passport-style design. That really comes down to personal preference, in terms of which you might choose. The taller, narrower screen can feel a little more cramped at times, but it also might feel more natural for those accustomed to traditional slab phones.
The Z Fold 8 Ultra runs on the 3nm Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 for Galaxy processor, paired with either 12GB or 16GB of RAM, depending on the model you get. It's the same chipset you'll find in the standard Galaxy Z Fold 8, so there's no major performance gap between the two Folds — the Ultra tax includes other perks.
In day-to-day use, this phone is very fast. It'll easily be able to handle everything that you can throw at it in 2026, including heavy multi-window productivity, mobile gaming, and more. That's particularly handy given the fact that, with this form factor, you'll likely want to run apps in split-screen view and even have more than two apps open at a time, so you'll want to be able to multitask effectively.
The phone performed very well in benchmarks. In Geekbench 6, it managed 3,666 in a single core test and 10,878 in the multi-core test. That's a solid jump over the Z Fold 7, though it's not really all that dramatic when it comes to daily usage. Every year, performance improves a little bit, and this year is no exception. Basically, you should expect to be able to play even the most demanding mobile games without much issue.
The caveat is that the Z Fold 7 was already fast, and when it comes to the apps you use every day, you may not feel the difference. The extra headroom matters more for future software, AI features, and the heaviest multitasking than for scrolling through your email. But for a phone Samsung wants you to keep for seven years, that headroom is worth something.
The 5,000 mAh silicon-carbon battery is the largest Samsung has ever put in a foldable, and it makes a difference. In fact, I had no issues getting the phone to last all day, with mixed usage between the cover and interior display. I think the vast majority of users will get to a full day of use with room to spare at the end, and lighter users should be able to stretch well into a second day, though I don't necessarily think that this is a two-day phone.
Charging is better, too, though it's not at the same level as some other devices. The Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra supports 45W wired charging over USB-PD 3.0, 20W wireless via Qi 2.2, and 4.5W reverse wireless for topping up devices like earbuds. This is better than the Z Fold 7 from last year, but it's not super quick, and there are plenty of phones, especially out of China, that are much faster. If you charge overnight or keep the phone on a wireless pad at your desk, you won't care. If you're the kind of person who tops up in ten-minute bursts, competitors do it better.
It's worth noting that, unfortunately, the device does not have the magnets for magnetic charging. It's very disappointing to still see this omitted from new phones in 2026. Apple has had MagSafe charging for years, and others, like Google, have finally started implementing it on the Android side. Hopefully 2027 is the year of Samsung magnetic charging.
The camera system is one area where the phone has made real strides since last year, and it's also an upgrade over the standard Galaxy Z Fold 8. The rear array includes a 200MP main camera (f/1.7, 24mm, OIS), a new 50MP ultrawide with a 120-degree field of view, and a 10MP 3x telephoto (67mm, OIS). There are dual 10MP selfie cameras in hole-punches on both the cover and inner displays — Samsung has skipped the under-display camera this time, which is the right call for image quality.
The big upgrade over the Z Fold 7 is the ultrawide. Even setting aside the resolution, it's a pretty big improvement, delivering noticeably more detail and better dynamic range, particularly in daylight. The main and telephoto hardware, though, is carried over unchanged from last year, so if you were hoping for an all-new camera system to match the Ultra branding, temper your expectations.
In good light, the results are very impressive. The 200MP main sensor produces bright, vibrant, detailed images with the punchy-but-not-cartoonish color processing Samsung has settled into. The 3x telephoto is solid for portraits and moderate zoom, and digital zoom beyond that is usable up to a point, though edges soften quickly past 10x.
Low light is where the camera isn't quite as impressive as some others. The Ultra produces bright, sharp images with effective noise control, and the main sensor's size helps considerably. But it falls short of the Galaxy S26 Ultra in low-light detail — the S-series flagship simply pulls more out of dark scenes, more reliably. The gap in zoom quality is even wider. Without a 5x or 10x periscope, the Z Fold 8 Ultra just can't compete with the S26 Ultra for long-range photography. In fact, the telephoto camera on this device is about the same quality as the short-range telephoto on the Galaxy S26 Ultra, which of course coexists with a much better 5x telephoto camera on that device.
As with other foldable devices, the form factor can be helpful when taking photos of yourself. You can use the cover display as a viewfinder while taking selfies with the higher-quality rear cameras, meaning that you don't have to use the lower-quality 10-megapixel front-facing cameras if you don't want.
Against the standard Galaxy Z Fold 8, the Z Fold 8 Ultra has a clear advantage in the camera department. The standard model has a dual 50-megapixel setup, doing away with the telephoto camera altogether. On the Z Fold 8 Ultra, you get better cameras all around, plus that telephoto camera, even if the zoom quality isn't as good as on some other devices.
As you would expect, the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra ships with Android 17 coupled with Samsung's One UI 9. Samsung says that the device is guaranteed to get seven years of major OS updates and security patches, which puts it at the top of the industry. Android manufacturers in general have gotten better at offering long-term updates, but Samsung and Google are ahead of the rest.
In general, One UI looks and feels like it does on other Samsung phones. That's to say that it works quite well, though it's not necessarily my favorite implementation for Android out there. It does have some solid foldable specific touches, though. Drag-and-drop between apps is smooth and reliable, app pairs let you relaunch your favorite multi-window combinations instantly, and the improved taskbar makes three-app setups easy to build and manage. Apps also transition gracefully between the cover and inner displays when you open or close the phone, without jarring reloads.
There are, unsurprisingly, a number of AI-related features, though you may or may not actually use them. You'll get features like touch-free voice control of apps, along with on-device image and text generation. These are all the same features that you can find on other Galaxy devices, so there's not much that stands out here.
Overall, the software on the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra is well designed and easy to use. There is some redundancy between Samsung's first-party apps and Google's equivalents, though if you're coming from the Z Fold 7, you won't notice much in the way of differences. But again, if you're used to Samsung software and like it in general, you'll be perfectly happy here.
The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra is Samsung's most capable foldable phone yet, but it's far from the most interesting foldable this year. The fact that it keeps the same form factor that Samsung has offered for a few years now, but has been released alongside the arguably more interesting Galaxy Z Fold 8, kind of puts it in a weird position.
Technically, it is a far better phone, thanks to upgrades like its better camera, bigger battery, and larger display. But if you like the form factor of the base model, you're stuck choosing between a phone with better hardware and a form factor you don't like as much, or a phone with worse hardware and a form factor you prefer.
There's also the price point. Starting at $2,099, this is a niche investment for enthusiasts and professionals, not a mainstream phone — and the year-over-year changes make it a hard sell for current Z Fold 7 owners. Unless you specifically need the bigger battery, the 50MP ultrawide, or the brighter and less reflective display, your Z Fold 7 is still most of this phone at none of the additional cost. Regardless, again, the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra is indeed a great phone, and if you're looking for a foldable phone with all the latest bells and whistles, it's an excellent option.
There's increasing competition in the foldable space, but the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra also competes with other Samsung phones. The Galaxy S26 Ultra offers better camera performance and a more durable, conventional screen at a significantly lower price, so if photography is your priority, that's the phone to buy. The standard Galaxy Z Fold 8 is roughly $200 cheaper and more compact, and its 4:3 inner screen is arguably better for media consumption, though you'll give up the 200-megapixel main camera and the telephoto lens entirely.
Outside of Samsung, there are other foldable devices with faster charging and different aspect ratios. That said, in North America and other areas where Chinese devices are difficult to acquire, the Galaxy Z Fold 8 is probably the best foldable phone you can get right now.
Yes, if you're in the market for a quality foldable phone and willing to pay a hefty sum for it."
12,2026-08-08,"There are countless ways to stream your favorite shows, movies, and games. Devices such as smart TVs, game consoles, and cloud streaming, allow you to keep up with a new TV series, watch a movie, or play the latest video game. However, there may be a streaming device better than Apple TV and Fire TV Stick from a company known for creating GPUs.
Nvidia may be renowned for its work in creating chips for gaming computers, but it also makes a streaming device. Known as the Nvidia Shield, it works similarly to any other platform, allowing you to stream entertainment directly to the screen it's connected to. Through Nvidia's AI-enhanced technology, it's capable of upscaling HD video to 4K quality, providing cleaner and sharper visuals for streaming. Nvidia Shield debuted in 2015, and Reddit owners who have it say it's still going strong for them after ten years. It's a versatile system, no matter if you're wanting to stream video or play games.
Another Reddit thread says a user is delightfully shocked that the Nvidia Shield manages to keep up after so many years. Comments point to the hardware being a big reason why it's lasted so long and continues to do so. That hardware is the TegraX1+ processor, which the thread says was used in the 2015 model. It's still the same chip that's featured in modern Nvidia Shields.
The Nvidia Shield receives high marks and ratings on Amazon. The NVIDIA Shield TV Pro on Amazon has more than 13,500 reviews, with 77% of those sporting a five-star rating. Users really enjoy how powerful and quick it is, and how stunning it makes movies, TV shows, and games look, however, they did have a few issues.
There are two things that users tend to agree on being concerning when it comes to the Nvidia Shield and its Pro model. A Reddit thread considers Nvidia Shield to be quite pricey, at least when compared to other streaming devices. The Nvidia Shield TV is around $149.99 while the Pro is $199.99. The Roku Streaming Stick Plus costs around $40, but only features streaming apps. Nvidia features Dolby Vision ATMOS and the ability to stream games, movies, and shows. The second is the fact that Nvidia might have quietly killed the Shield, but that's still unclear.
The issues may not be all that problematic, as the majority of owners really can't seem to find any major downsides with the Nvidia Shield, especially given its longevity, which can make the price seem well worth it. Nvidia hasn't offered any updates about possibly sunsetting the Shield. The official website lists the Pro version as available, but the standard model is only listed through third-party sellers.
Combing through Reddit threads and Amazon reviews for both the Nvidia Shield TV and Shield TV Pro, you'll find people absolutely adore it. Reddit is flooded with comments from users saying it's the best streaming device they've ever owned. One user even said if their Nvidia Shield were to die, they would go out and buy a replacement, as they believe that it's something they can't do without.
One commenter even said they have three Shields, and if one were to fail, they would replace it with a Shield Pro. One of the main reasons owners say the Nvidia Shield is worth getting is due to its technology and hardware. That combination of TegraX1+ and 256-core GPU makes it a quick device capable of streaming entertainment and even video games like ""Alan Wake 2"" through GeForce Now. If you enjoy gaming, the Nvidia Shield puts up a fight against home consoles
The Nvidia Shield allows users to easily stream content through its simple sleek device. With users saying it's lasted ten years, it seems to be built for extended use through powerful hardware, giving you a large amount of time to stream as much as you want. If Nvidia decides to stop making the Shield, you may want to get one before it's gone."
13,2026-08-08,"With a title like “Intel Just Matched Apple Silicon. Seriously.“, the latest video from [Jeff Geerling] makes some pretty bold claims. But as we’d expect from [Jeff], he’s got the benchmarks up on GitHub for both the MacBook Neo and Dell’s latest XPS 13 to back it up.
We’ve embedded the full video below, which has [Jeff]’s comparative review of the two laptops. The Mac wins on iGPU, sound, and not shipping Windows, while the Dell gets points for being able to load Linux and having a backlit keyboard. But the figure we were hoping to see is the efficiency. After all, it’s ARM’s ability to crank out gigaflops on fewer watts that won them the mobile market and got Apple interested in that architecture in the first place. If Intel is catching up, that’s news.
On [Jeff]’s version of the Top500 benchmark — the same HPL Linpak test used for Supercomputers — the MacBook cranked out 57.012 Gflops at 10.6W, for 5.38 Gflops/W while the Dell managed 127.91 Gflops at 20.6W, for 6.21 Gflops/W. That’s just astounding, considering the historical data all goes the other way. This Dell also beats out both M4 and M3 Mac Studios, only failing to the M4 Mac Mini at 7.57 Gflops/W. Even when not crunching big numbers, say at idle or web browsing, the XPS matches the MacBook sip for sip in energy efficiency.
Some people have been saying for a few years now that ARM’s observed advantages in power consumption have more to do with the chips themselves than the instruction architecture, and it looks like the Core 5 320 chip in this Dell proves them right when it comes to x86.
While you might think you need to code in Assembly or C to maximize those efficiency gains, your choice of language may not be as important as you think.


Have to say having recently changed from an M1 MBP 16″ to an M5 MBP 16″ (both with the base CPU but with 32 GB then 48 GB) I was expecting a marginal increase in battery life given the 4 years that have passed. Oddly, comparing my experience with the previous machine’s now 4 year old battery directly with the new machine I only feel that the new machine drains faster.
This being a case of coming home from work then doing the same stuff as usual. Previously I’d more often than not survive a regular evening without needing power. Now most evenings I need to reach for power before I’m done for the night. Not impressed…
Screens have got brighter, which has a big impact.
I’ve got auto brightness disabled and the brightness level isn’t any different to what I had previously(although yes it can go brighter).
I leave my new macbookpro plugged in all the time when I use it now. My previous macbookpro stopped working after the magic 1,000 recharges mark and for my convenience apple started to auto-shutdown at 99% battery life even plugged in…made it unusable.
That’s one reason I’ve been happy sticking with the M1, even if it’s getting a bit long in the tooth for some of my work.
If all else is identical between the machines, I bet the problem is that the efficiency/performance tradeoff decisions that Apple made are just a bad fit for what you do.
Apple claims the m5 battery should last about 3 hours longer in their movie watching and web browsing tests, but those aren’t stressing the CPU or GPU too much.
If they tested max battery life on something CPU/GPU intensive, the M1 would probably win handily.
That’s because the among other things, the m5 has almost twice as many CPU cores and a bigger, slightly more power hungry GPU. Unofficial estimates suggest the m5 may be able to pull 15-20 watts more at peak load than the m1.
That said, the base model m5 pro is a more power efficient chip than the m1 per core. I don’t know how much of that is improved architecture If nothing else, there are significant gains from moving fabrication to the latest & smallest process node.
Of course, the idea is that both sides are a win – you’ll see more battery life for the less-demanding tasks, and still get more usable battery life for a lot of the demanding ones, since your code compiles faster, video renders faster, LLM can answer faster, etc.
.. but in reality, there are plenty of random things that just use more CPU/GPU power because they can for reasons that don’t make anything meaningfully faster.
Interestingly, the power consumption differences between the Neo and XPS 13 actually have a similar tradeoff, but in the other direction: the m5 has a lower TDP and the system is slightly more efficient at idle. The XPS 13 may be much more efficient per watt when the CPU is getting a workout, but it also consumes more watts overall. But the XPS 13 also has a much larger battery which presumably mitigates these concerns.
My experience moving from a M1 to an M5 max ys that I have gained marginality speed against battery life and fan noise,
I think the Dell is available with Ubuntu pre-installed so you don’t have to pay for Windows if you don’t want it.
But both laptops rule me out as a customer because of the little tiny arrow keys – I have adult male sized fingers. It’s a real concentration breaker when you hit the wrong one during some high-concentration coding.
Perhaps you should learn the Vi style of navigation on the letter keys unless you have hit one of the text editing modes, or something similar. I can’t say I’m actually good at VIM for lack of persistent enough practice for it to really stick, but it is a really functional way to use a keyboard with text that means you don’t really have to take your fingers off the home row ever. And seems popular enough I’d bet your IDE of choice has it as either a plugin or built in option.
I do agree though tiddly little keys for shift/tab/arrows/backspace are infuriating.
I think the Dell is available with Ubuntu pre-installed so you don’t have to pay for Windows if you don’t want it.
But both laptops rule me out as a customer because of the little tiny arrow keys – I have adult male sized fingers. It’s a real concentration breaker when you hit the wrong one during some high-concentration coding.
Panther Lake (and the cut-down version tested here, Wildcat Lake) is available in things other than Dells. Odd that the claim is that Dell did this, and no mention anywhere of the architecture that made it possible.

  Geerling

Ugh.
“bbshkr”
Uuuuugh…
if you’re going to criticize someone or something at least provide some sort of context.
Linux still not support wifi out of the box in 2026? :D Well that says it all
Er… Fedora does support WiFi after the first update, which any sane person is going to do as part of the installation  (which is out of the box as far as I am concerned).
Nonsense. I am currently sitting in front of five very different Linux machines, one being a brand new AMD-based Dell 16. They all have different WiFi cards that worked “out of the box”. Zero issues, solid as a rock.
2006 or 2026?
Used to be a huge nuisance, but I install Linux (Debian distros or nixos) to random hardware 1-10 years old and haven’t had a single out-of-the-box wifi driver issue in probably 5 years (except once on a 2016 MacBook)
This particular laptop is an outlier there, which is why it was worth pointing out. If you always needed to do it that way, it wouldn’t be worth mentioning: man bites dog vs dog bites man, if you can dig it.
I have an old Dell XPS of my own, and a work HP, and I like the HP keyboard better because it has dedicated Home, End, PgUp, PgDn keys, while these need Fn-Arrow combinations in the Dell. I don’t need or want or like a separate numeric area, but these keys are very practical for coding, and switching from the HP to the XPS is painful.
After these endless decades of Intel (i.e. x86/ x64), I just want it to die.  I think that there are, inevitably architectural advantages with RISC designs, so all other things being equal, it would win. But all other things aren’t equal in that  Intel could always throw far more engineers into an implementation.
However, I suspect that if Apple feel they’re losing the MIPS/W battle, they’d put more of an effort into addressing it.
The CISC/RISC comparison is pointless nowdays. On all modern x64 CPUs most complex instructions are implemented in microcode. ARM has introduced all sorts of extension and starting with Thumb (variable size instructions) it cannot be considered a RISC design.
You said x86 but I think you meant x64.
I feel it is a bit hard to make any serious CISC vs RISC claims with so many other factors (mainly the different components other than the CPU) could be affecting this test.  It’s just not an apples to apples comparison.
i do think intel has made some great strides in efficiency in the last decade or so.  but this write up really doesn’t touch the things that are interesting to me from an end-user perspective.
it only shows peak performance & consumption, and the intel is much higher in both.  as an end user, i may care about peak performance (maybe the intel wins), or i may care about peak battery use (maybe the mac would win).  but in practice, most of us probably don’t use the peak very often, and so we may look at something like overall battery life, heat, or fan sound.  for most users, these will be influenced much more strongly by the lowest idle mode than by the highest peak.
to me, it is not about MIPS/W, it is about a low number of W (i want good battery life, light weight, no fan) combined with a suitable number of MIPS (which, for me, can be very low indeed).  in principle, a very fast chip that has a good idle mode could serve me perfectly.  but in practice, i have only found low-end chips to have suitably low idle consumption (outside of cellphones).  i’m not sure why the gap is so large — i really would expect every chip to be able to run cool if you turn off all but one core, set it at 300MHz, and spend 99% of your time in HLT or WFI.  but that only appears to be true for phones.
so i’ve found a sweet spot at the rockchip rk3288…but the newer rockchips seem to get super hot even when idling!  but also (getting back on topic), the intel celeron n4000.  the n4000 is much higher peak performance than the rk3288 but has a similar low consumption when it’s idle.  amazing!  an intel!
Please be kind and respectful to help make the comments section excellent. (Comment Policy)
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed."
14,2026-08-08,"Roblox isn’t getting the high financial scores that it used to, as the popular gaming platform has lost approximately $70 billion US in market value over the last year. The company says the steep drop-off is partly because of changes in the games its users pl…"
15,2026-08-08,"This newsletter does not include sponsored posts, affiliate links, or ads (except the ones we make fun of together). Open and click tracking are disabled. And there is no paid upgrade or AI-generated content. Enjoy!
Party hats and sunglasses on animals are the fart jokes of advertising. Somehow lazy and effective, shallow yet infectious, and definitely not too tasteless for Gateway 2000 or its wunderkind president. 
""I've used soap dishes as ashtrays in the best hotels in the world,” Ted Waitt bragged during one of his New York Times interviews, explaining in another article that he picked his 1990 Porsche Carrera-C4 because it was “the only car I could find that would go 160 miles an hour in the snow with the top down."" Restraint didn’t rocket him or his company to $1 billion in sales over six short years. And it was never a part of the marketing strategy. 
The 486 Fest spread pictured above was eleven pages long. It had 28 wildly unnecessary “Party Reason” subheadings, more than a dozen barnyard puns, and a photo of all 2,000 Gateway 2000 employees in front of the cow-spotted headquarters in Sioux City. 
“When I worked at PC Magazine in the early 1990s, Gateway 2000 regularly ran 8-to-12-page ad inserts, often featuring cows, cornball jokes, or both,” Lance Ulanoff wrote earlier this year. And that was never more apparent than the months following the company’s eminently unexpected IPO.
Gateway had opened its first international headquarters in Dublin one month before this ad, selling mail-order computers in Britain (propped up by marketing in local, region-specific magazines), and working on plans to expand into other parts of Europe. 
The “pilgrimage” was not without, uh, trials and tribulations, however, and Waitt’s prayers were not answered (this time, at least. He did go on to fund the expedition that successfully unearthed the Gospel of Judas in the Egyptian desert but I digress). The hope was that an IPO would buoy some of the unexpected costs from crossing the Atlantic. A gamble that minted one of America’s first tech billionaires. 
“Gateway hit the market at $15 a share. It shot up, then dipped and is now double the original trading price,” according to one article two-years post offering. “Forget that Waitt owns only one suit (a bad-fitting one, to boot), typically sports blue jeans and seldom wears socks, when he hit Wall Street, he blew away any notions by investment bankers that they were dealing with a rube.” 
By December of 1993, Gateway was running cheesy 26-page Christmas ads in Byte and had expanded from a manure-ridden livestock exchange building to the Nasdaq stock exchange.
A few not-so-obvious things worth noting about this ad include (but are not limited to!): 
The cosmic ennui of the woman standing at one o’clock. 
The creepy ogling of Mr. Sunglasses. 
The massive downer of dedicating the page to a dead customer. 
The historical context that these two pages (along with the 13 others in this ad buy) ran when Gateway 2000 was more corporate and plagued by customer complaints than ever.
Sure, the company was hoping to crack the corporate buyer market, but a public SEC filing claimed that, until that happened, “over 50% of the Company's business is believed to be attributable to either previous buyers of Gateway 2000 PCs or new customers referred by previous buyers.” So, in an effort to shore up its base, technical support headcount was doubled, its one-year warranties were tripled, replacement parts were bumped up to one-day deliveries, and the phone lines were open 24 hours.
Still, What’s Luck Got to Do With It cited a market research study from around this time that claimed 87% of potential buyers knew little to nothing about Gateway 2000, hence the spray-and-pray approach to increasing brand awareness. But surely they could have done better than Julius Caesar getting stabbed (while buying eucalyptus lip balm?) because “Sometimes it’s hard to know who to trust,” preceded a few pages earlier by the Leaning Tower of Pisa guy opining that “Mama-mia! What’sa matta me! That’sa last time I buy a kit from the Towers-R-Us catalog.”
""We get horrible marks from the marketing-guru types,"" Waitt told Inc. Magazine a few years earlier. ""But it seems to work."" By 1995 Gateway 2000 had purchased additional manufacturing facilities in Virginia and Malaysia, and scooped up an 80% stake in one of Australia’s largest computer retailers–revenues were up to $3.7 billion.
This faux soap opera nails all of my criteria for a Bad Ad. There are a full 230 words wasted on Simone’s “bouts of schizophrenia,” public nudity, and mixed up medications before mention of the first hardware spec. And even if the story was more concise and the details better integrated, how is soap opera parody more relevant to the target audience than, say, IT Crowd style satire. All of that to say nothing of the white-on-yellow text near the top or black-text phone number hiding in shadow near the bottom. It’s a trifecta of terrible!
Of course, this was the same company that shipped an enveloped ad where an insert would transform from black-and-white to color as you pulled it up and out. Waitt was so mad when the intitial quote came back at $3 per piece that he “had the ad printed locally and paid church groups, employees on their free time, and temporary workers to assemble it. The ad came in ‘far under’ that original price.” It’s not hard to organize events like that when your personal assistant is the former mayor of the city your $3-billion-a-year business operates in.
Like almost all of the ‘93-’96 Gateway 2000 magazine ads, As The Hard Drive Turns was actually several loosely related vignettes printed across 10+ pages in Byte, PC World, and Computer Shopper. Sometimes appearing two months in a row with almost imperceptible updates in the interim.  
Please, if you only take the time to open and read one ad from this issue, beginning to end, make it this one. “Come to me you stud muffin…love in the rubble awaits us!” Julia the Successful Realtor begs, only for Trevor the Sexy Construction Worker to swat away her advances as he reads off the P5-75’s “bodacious features” while…viewing a screen grab on the monitor of the barely different ad version from the previous month? Sure, why not.
This is, hands down, peak Bad Tech Ads. What started in the early 80s as costumed old men confusing then-cutting-edge hardware with science fiction eventually evolved into Gateway 2000’s perfected pastiche of puns and pop culture, allusion and allegory. It’s all downhill from here, folks, for Ted Waitt, for Gateway 2000, and delightfully campy computer marketing in general.
Once again, we have Ted himself starring in an elaborately staged, costumed, and produced multi-page Gateway 2000 saga. In fact, I’m willing to bet either the cow-spotted boat or motorcycle on this page, or the private jet on the last page, or all three, are not props but from Waitt’s real-life garage. And maybe I’m trying to bend history to fit my narrative, but it just isn’t as fun as his appearance in the saloon spread or the Robin Hood shoot. Those were stories of geeky underdogs beating the odds. Agent 2000 is about a rich, well-equipped, veteran agent effortlessly outperforming B-movie henchmen to “Defend All PC Buyers.” I could not care less.
Still, Gateway 2000 retained most of its hard-earned reputation for another year or two. It launched its first website in 1996, the same year it began opening brick-and-mortar stores in the suburbs, where it would show off the poorly reviewed and quickly discontinued Destination 2000 home entertainment PC/TV/modem.
But in 1997, the company began ditching its iconic Holstein cow branding “in an attempt to refine its image,” and started gobbling up companies like Amiga. A year later it dropped “2000” from its name and moved its headquarters to San Diego, so Waitt could spend more time at his 16,000 square-foot, mountaintop property in La Jolla. 
""The thing I would definitely do over again is the whole San Diego thing,"" Ted told the Sioux City Journal in 2007. ""That was probably the single biggest mistake.""
Things didn’t calamitously implode. But the decline was obvious. Ted resigned in 1999, with each successive product performing worse than the last, and the dot-com bubble destroying the balance sheet.
You can still buy Gateway computers today, manufactured in Shenzhen and sold exclusively through Walmart.com. But you won’t see Waitt in any 12-page spreads advertising them. And you won’t get to brag that you own a computer from Iowa.
Cited References:
PC Computing Jul '93 (Archive.org)
Ted Waitt Isn't Walking Away From Gateway (The New York Times)
Sound Bytes: On the Near Side of 30, at Gateway 2000 (The New York Times)
Remember Gateway 2000? (TechRadar)
Byte Nov '93 (byte.tsundoku.io)
Gateway 2000 UK ad (The Spotty Box)
Gospel of Judas Surfaces After 1,700 Years (The New York Times)
Gateway hits the Nasdaq (Virginia Tech / VA-Pilot)
Byte Dec '93 Christmas ads (byte.tsundoku.io)
Byte Feb '94 (byte.tsundoku.io)
Gateway 2000 SEC filing (SEC.gov)
What's Luck Got to Do With It (Archive.org)
Remember the Gateway 2000 advertisements? (/r/vintagecomputing)
Byte Jun '94 (byte.tsundoku.io)
Betting the Farm (Inc. Magazine)
PC World Feb '95 (Archive.org)
Bad Ads Defined (Such Bad Tech Ads)
Remember the Gateway 2000 advertisements? (Reddit)
Computer Shopper Mar '95 (Archive.org)
PC World Aug '95 (Archive.org)
Gateway 2000 website, 1996 (Wayback Machine)
Computer Shopper Jul '96 (Archive.org)
International Directory of Company Histories (Archive.org)
Gateway: One awesome ride (Sioux City Journal) (Wayback Machine)
Uncited References:
Gateway Inc. (Wikipedia)
How Outsourcing Led Gateway 2000 Astray (Tedium.co)
From Dropout to Billionaire: Founder of Gateway Resigns (The New York Times)

  Proudly part of Kagi's Small Web initiative.

The company known for both some of the best and some of the worst ads in 90s computer magazines.
Readers sometimes disagree with my labeling the ads in this newsletter as “bad.” This is my defense."
16,2026-08-08,"Gratitude is an important concept. If you don't remember what you're grateful for every now and again, then you might wonder what it's all for. It's a good practice to stop and take stock of all the things that are going right in your life. It's too often that we focus on the things that are going wrong, and we lose sight of the things that matter the most. This is a good practice to do in your personal and private life. It's definitely not something that your employer should mandate that you do. There's no quicker way to erase any feeling of gratitude than to be forced to express it. Especially if it's in a workplace where you feel like you're already being undervalued. This is the kind of gesture that bosses may think helps improve morale, but it actually kills it instantly. The employee in this story was learning that, and had a lot to say about it. Sometimes your employer makes a decision that you don't abide by. You have to take it and stride and pretend like you're enjoying it, or else face the consequences. But if you respect and trust the people that you work with, then it behooves you to speak up when you feel like something is going wrong. Feedback can go both ways. 
The people in this photo are models
A group of people in an office have a meeting in a conference room
That's what this employee tried to do, but quickly found that it wasn't going to be honored. They ended up in an awkward situation where they had already expressed their dislike for a certain practice, but had to keep doing it anyway. It's a good idea to give your managers and employers feedback on what you do and don't appreciate about the way they run their business. But sometimes when you do, you face pushback for your opinions. That's what happened to the employee in this story. Keep scrolling to find out what happened here and decide what you would've done in this situation.
A group of people sit around a table in an office
Want More? Follow Us and Add Us as a Preferred Source on Google."
17,2026-08-08,All the surveillance pricing terms you need to know to avoid getting ripped off.
18,2026-08-08,Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) has spent 2026 proving it can compete with Nvidia in the artificial intelligence race. Its stock has more than doubled this year...
19,2026-08-08,"I recently splurged and spent almost $1,000 on tours for an upcoming family trip to Italy. I wasn't originally planning to book any tours at all — we usually just wing it — but the amount of credit card points I saw I'd earn through bonus deals made doing so irresistible.
I'm someone who's always on the search for a deal. It's hard for me to resist the temptation of a discount, a fire sale, or a BOGO. Lately, my focus has shifted to accumulating as many credit card points as I can — even when it means spending more to earn more.
I treat credit card point accumulation like a game; it's a thrill to see my points rack up, especially when I'm earning far more than the typical 1:1 ratio. I do my best to pay my credit card balances off each month, and am acutely conscious of not letting debt snowball — otherwise, the points aren't worth it.
​While it's been a significant commitment of both time and finances, and I've noticed my shopping behavior change significantly, it's an investment that I feel is paying off.
The first step for maximizing credit card points is to secure a lucrative sign-on bonus, such as the 100,000-point bonus I got from signing up for my Capital One Venture X credit card in December 2025.
However, that's just a one-time influx of points. I want those balances to grow, which I do by integrating my quest for big bonuses into my daily routine.
After drinking my morning coffee and checking my email, I click around online to see what special offers are available, which can change daily. The two platforms I religiously check are Capital One Offers and Rakuten.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Capital One Offers, which I access via my Venture X card, has personalized daily points specials for shopping at specific retailers. I've found that most of the time, the companies with featured deals are ones I haven't heard of or don't really shop at.
A few months ago, I saw a 25x miles deal for SelectBlinds, a company I'd never heard of before. I had been wanting to get a set of blinds for our home office, but it was far from a priority. The bonus became an incentive to pull the trigger. After various discounts, the blinds came out to $320, and I ended up with a bonus of 8,000 points.
Another day recently, I spent about 30 minutes trying to find something that I might need from Columbia Sportswear, due to a one-day 46x miles deal. Although new joggers or a pair of hiking boots were tempting, I didn't end up buying anything since I realized I was only tempted by the points, not the actual products.
​After my daily check-in with Capital One Offers, I visit Rakuten, a cashback site. My account is linked to my American Express card, so my earned points are credited to my Amex.
Rakuten has offers for a few companies that I regularly buy from, like Walgreens, Petco, and Peet's. Based on when I get these fluctuating offers, I stock up on items I know we'll need, rather than waiting until there's an immediate need.
Previously, once we'd run out of coffee, I'd walk into my local Peet's and buy a bag of Ethiopian Fancy in person. Now I order multiple bags through Rakuten when there's a deal. Each purchase might not earn many points on its own, but they add up.
There are some more extravagant purchases that I wouldn't have made if it weren't for the bonus points, such as the aforementioned Italy tours. However, we're taking our art- and history-obsessed kid with us, so I figured we should get the most out of seeing places like the Vatican City and Venice.
I booked a variety of tours through the tour booking site Viator via the Capital One Offers platform, which had a bonus of up to 30x miles. After spending $922 on four tours, I earned 24,021 points.
That's enough points for two economy flights from San Francisco to London at 9,000 points each via Virgin Atlantic's frequent flyer program, Flying Club. With the roughly 6,000 points I'll have left, I'll be able to use them for one of my frequent flights to Los Angeles.
The cash value of all those flights would be over $1,000, but I'll get them for free from points, just from splurging a little and booking tours that will greatly enhance our trip.
I've gotten in the habit of keeping a spreadsheet of what I've spent, what the reward should be, and how long it will take to receive the reward. Points usually arrive in about 45 days but can take up to 90 days, so patience — and good documentation — is key. I started doing this after reading in message boards that bonus points occasionally don't get credited automatically, and that follow-up is sometimes needed.
And not all my choices have been good ones. I impulsively spent $150 on Lands' End items during a bonus points deal. When the clothes were delivered, I realized I'd ordered in such a hurry in the final hours of the promotion that I didn't confirm sizing with my husband for a rain jacket, and the items I bought for myself really weren't my style.
I ended up returning it all and, in the process, lost the extra points — not to mention time, effort, and postage to mail the items back. It made me realize that I need to be more sensible and not make impulse purchases just for the sake of growing my points stash.
I also always make sure to read the fine print of each offer. There are usually exceptions, such as the common ""no gift cards"" policy.
I've become very savvy at deciding how to use the points I've earned, in order to get the most value I can. For example, I can redeem 12,500 points to get a $100 Amazon gift card on the Capital One site. Or, I can choose to use those same points to cover a flight to Europe — a much higher cash value.
Most importantly, my points accumulation pursuit has led me to improve my life, finally put up those blinds, and take those trips.
Do you have a story to share about maximizing credit card points? Contact this editor, Jane Zhang, at janezhang@businessinsider.com.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
20,2026-08-08,ARM Holdings Plc (NASDAQ:ARM) has become one of the key beneficiaries of the AI boom. It has expanded beyond its traditional smartphone business into the fas...
21,2026-08-08,
22,2026-08-08,"It is a risky job market out there, and it puts a lot of employees in a position where they don't want to leave a role unless they have something better lined up (or they really, really have to). If the workday is bearable and the salary makes ends meet, there is little tempting about searching for work in a landscape of increasing AI automation, hiring freezes, and ghost job postings.
Still, most would agree that there are times when it is appropriate to give notice, namely when you have signed a contract for a new position that offers you more money. Sometimes career progression can only happen when somebody has the confidence to job hop, and it is fairly normal practice for people to do that while they are still employed elsewhere.
This can be a vulnerable time, as leaving what you know and going on to something different always is. In a part of life that is as fickle as work, it can be even more nerve-wracking, because your livelihood depends on it. You want it to be a step up and not an unfortunate learning experience.
A frustrated employee takes a call on a cell phone while sitting at a desk with colleagues behind him
An employee was tempted into putting in notice at their current job by a recruiter, securing a role with a different company that paid $25k more after several rounds of interviews. Having signed the job offer, he put all his affairs in order to be ready to move on to something new.
This new start was abruptly cut short when the company he was supposed to start at told him that they were eliminating his position only a few days before he was supposed to start. He wasn't sure if he would be able to take his old job back, and was left in a professional limbo that nobody would envy.
Want More? Follow Us and Add Us as a Preferred Source on Google."
23,2026-08-08,"People have long saved for life's biggest milestones: buying a home, getting married, and retirement. Some workers are also putting money aside for something they hope never happens: burnout.
Last week, Mary Kane handed in her resignation letter.
After six months of feeling exhausted, irritable, and increasingly burned out in her job as a senior marketing manager, the 54-year-old Minnesotan decided she'd had enough.
Unlike many workers in a similar position, she wasn't terrified about how she'd pay the bills once she quit. For years, she says, she saved about half of every paycheck, building what she now calls a burnout fund.
A burnout fund is a ring-fenced savings pot designed to fund a recovery period, rather than unexpected emergencies such as job loss or medical bills.
""A burnout fund is really intentional savings where you anticipate needing to take a break,"" Julie Beckham, Rockland Trust's financial education and development strategy officer, told Business Insider.
In that sense, she added, it's an old concept under a new name: ""Being intentional in naming any savings account is a good practice.""
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Sabino Vargas, senior financial advisor at Vanguard, told Business Insider the goal with a burnout fund is to ""build enough financial flexibility so you can have choices if a step back or career reset is needed.""
Has burnout affected how you spend or save your money? We'd love to hear your story. Contact this reporter at jzitser@businessinsider.com.
The concept of the burnout fund is entering the conversation as a series of workplace and economic pressures are taking their toll on workers in different ways. AI is accelerating the pace of work, shaking people's sense of job security, and leaving many workers feeling perpetually in catch-up mode. Rising prices have many feeling financially strapped. On top of that, the US job market is looking increasingly rocky. The BLS reported Friday that the US lost 23,000 jobs in July, and revisions to previous reports meant 100,000 fewer jobs were added in the previous two months than originally thought.
Several surveys suggest that burnout is widespread. A National Alliance on Mental Illness-Ipsos Workplace Mental Health poll of 2,153 full-time employees at companies with more than 100 workers, conducted in January and February, found that 53% felt burned out because of their jobs. It's affecting employees at every level; a recent string of high-profile tech execs and founders cited health issues and burnout as reasons for stepping back from their jobs.
While the World Health Organization doesn't classify burnout as a medical condition, it recognizes it as an ""occupational phenomenon"" resulting from chronic workplace stress.
Tasmin Lofthouse, 33, first burned out in 2018. ""I was completely flat, no get-up-and-go. I didn't want to do anything, see friends, or speak to them,"" the marketing professional, based in northwest England, told Business Insider.
Lofthouse knew she needed to leave her job, but with no savings, she couldn't afford to. Instead, she left for another job almost immediately after quitting.
She launched a marketing consultancy in 2020 and experienced another period of burnout two years later. This time, she decided she never wanted money to dictate whether she could step away from work. ""It made me realize I needed to build some sort of avenue to allow me to step back when I'm burning out,"" she said.
Lofthouse started saving money in 2022 and opened a dedicated burnout fund in 2024. Since then, she has transferred part of her business profits into it every few months. Now she has around £48,000 ($65,000) set aside, enough to cover 12 months of business expenses while paying herself a reduced salary. She also maintains a separate emergency fund covering three months of living expenses.
""I'm lucky that I've been able to do that for myself,"" she said. ""I think people are prone to burnout, especially in the world we operate in, and people need to see it as a foreseeable cost, rather than an unplanned emergency.""
Stacy North, 54, knew she was on the precipice of burnout when she first created her fund. After selling her home in 2022 and buying another, she had $80,000 in cash left over. Rather than putting it toward her new mortgage, she put the money into a savings account. ""I did it because I was burning out,"" she told Business Insider.
North, who was working as a sales manager for a fruit shipping company in Maryland, left her job in January 2025 after realizing the burnout wasn't improving. Her savings gave her the breathing room to leave the workforce before launching a professional home-organizing business in early 2026.
She said she has since spent about $35,000 of the $80,0000 fund.
Lofthouse and Kane both said they have enough saved to cover about 12 months of expenses. Luca Fontani, a 34-year-old who left his role as a fractional head of growth in the fashion industry after burning out, saved considerably more. He said he has more than $1 million in his fund, a sum he attributes to aggressive saving and successful investments.
There's no one-size-fits-all amount for a burnout fund, Jon Zetlmaier, a financial advisor and founder of Seattle-based Zetlmaier Wealth Management, told Business Insider.
The ""unwritten rule"" is to keep three to six months' worth of living expenses in an emergency fund, he said. If someone is planning a break or exit because of burnout, however, he said they should consider building additional savings, ideally in a high-yield FDIC-insured savings account or short-term Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS).
Beckham, Rockland Trust's financial education and development strategy officer, said the savings target also depends on how long someone expects to be away from work. ""If your recovery is three months of unplugging and then trying to figure out your next move, it might be a six, nine, or 12 months of savings.""
While burnout funds are creating a lifeline for some workers who need or want — and can afford — to take a break from their careers, they aren't solving all the underlying issues.
Vanguard said it has seen more Americans prioritize dedicated savings for career breaks and other planned life changes, but it also said many people still lack a financial plan for burnout-related expenses.
Beckham said that while planning ahead for all eventualities is sensible, the need for burnout funds is a symptom of a bigger societal problem.
""I feel kind of sad and anxious about the fact that folks are saving toward this financial goal,"" Beckham said.
""It's a reflection of the pace at which they're hustling to make ends meet and a reflection of the mental load that's affecting more than just their finances,"" she added.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
24,2026-08-08,"ByPeter Cohan,
Senior Contributor.
Edited bySophia Acevedo,
Associate Editor.
Oracle's stock has declined 59% from its peak last September. Unlike rivals Amazon and Microsoft, Oracle fails investor tests for AI providers, passing only on revenue acceleration. In fiscal Q2 reported last December, the company fell short on revenue and free cash flow. Furthermore, despite beating expectations in fiscal Q4, the stock feel on investor balance sheet worries. Key risks for Oracle stock include OpenAI dependence, credit rating scrutiny and AI data center execution.  While some analysts see potential, Oracle may not be the right stock pick for the latter half of 2026.
Few large-capitalization stock stories in 2026 are as strange as Oracle's. Despite posting the best growth numbers in its 48-year history, the company’s stock has lost 59% of its value since peaking last September. 
The reason to avoid the stock is clear: the company is borrowing money to build an AI cloud services business that burns through too much cash. More successful rivals, such as Amazon and Microsoft, are able to monetize their rising capital investment in the industry. As a result, investors have bid up their share prices.
Oracle stock is suffering because it fails on the tests investors are applying to AI cloud services providers which include revenue acceleration, rising operating margin, more efficient capital intensity and positive free cash flow. Amazon and Microsoft passed these tests — and boosted guidance. Oracle passes the revenue acceleration test and fails the others.
Oracle entered the year around $195 after AI aspirations sent the stock as high as $345.72 last September. The stock closed Aug. 3 at about $142, according to Google Finance — down 28% year-to-date, 44% over 52 weeks and 59% short of its September peak. 
The decline in the stock flowed from disappointing quarterly earnings reports. Here are the details:
Oracle’s financial highlights tell a story of investors fleeing a company that is spending money it does not have to win market share in the AI cloud services industry with ever rising negative free cash flow.
To determine whether Oracle’s valuation makes sense, inventors should examine whether the company’s risky financial bet on AI cloud services will generate faster growth, higher margins and positive free cash flow. To that end, investors should scrutinize the following variables:
With the exception of the backlog conversion performance, Oracle’s likely affirmative answer to each of the questions above is bad news for investors. Morningstar is bullish due to deals with OpenAI, Meta and xAI. Bears – such as CLSA's Bhavtosh Vajpayee  – argue the cost of the buildout exceeds the balance sheet behind it. 
Beyond the positives mentioned above, Oracle may have two other catalysts: capital light partnerships and revenue diversification.
To lighten its capital needs, Oracle is structuring $75 billion of so-called capital-light customer partnerships in which contracts are prepaid and customers supply the hardware. If Oracle can make such deals a larger part of its revenue base, investors may become more bullish on the stock.
Oracle is seeking revenue from outside AI. For example, the company expanded a Google Cloud partnership involving Oracle’s Fusion and NetSuite products. The company also received a 10-year software contract with the Pentagon worth up to potentially $7 billion.
Three key risks include OpenAI dependence, credit rating scrutiny and AI data center execution.
S&P explicitly named OpenAI concentration in cutting Oracle to BBB- on July 9. If OpenAI fails to go public or suffers slower growth, Oracle stock could drop.
Moody's already carries a negative outlook on Oracle, and a fall would force investment-grade-only funds to sell the company’s stock.
The cost of financing AI construction is high as are the practical challenges of building, powering and operating the AI data centers. Oracle cut 21,000 jobs — nearly 13% of its workforce to help fund the buildout, and its Wisconsin data center faces a potential $7 billion guarantee requirement. 
Oracle stock will rise 83% if Wall Street analysts are right. The average price target set by 32 Wall Street analysts is $259.76, according to TipRanks. There is some dispersion around this average. Bernstein raised to $325, Bank of America to $240, and TD Cowen to $300, while Wedbush cut from $275 to $240 and Scotiabank from $290 to $241. JPMorgan's Mark Murphy upgraded to Overweight in March while simultaneously lowering his target.
The risk of buying Oracle stock looks very high. In recent quarters, the company has fallen short of some important investor expectations. Moreover, it is highly uncertain whether Oracle will beat expectations for revenue growth, margins, free cash flow and capital expenditures. 
To be sure, when Oracle reports it Q1 FY2027 earnings on Sept. 8, analysts will reward the stock if the company holds near 90% growth, significantly narrows its free cash flow deficit and keeps its BBB- credit rating from falling. 
However, one major concern for Oracle investors is the record risk of default on its debt obligations. On Aug. 4, the company’s credit default swap spread – a key measure of the cost of insuring its debt against default – “climbed to a record high, signaling growing investor concerns over Oracle's credit risk,” reported Bloomberg. 
Given all these risks, Oracle is not the stock to buy in the last half of 2026.
Is Oracle Stock Currently Considered Undervalued? 
Wall Street thinks the stock is undervalued. I think the business is very risky and the stock will eventually reflect that risk. Three risks to consider with Oracle stock include OpenAI dependence, credit rating scrutiny and AI data center execution.
Does Oracle Pay A Dividend? 
Yes, Oracle pays a dividend with a 1.5% yield.
Where Do Analysts Believe Oracle Stock Is Heading? 
The average analyst 12 month price target sees 83% upside."
25,2026-08-08,"Camera makers shipped 4.36 million digital cameras worldwide during the first six months of 2026, barely changed from the 4.34 million units shipped over the same period in 2025. The headline may look flat, but the underlying market is changing: manufacturers are increasingly leaning on higher-value products, compact cameras continue to expand, and DSLRs are fading further from the mainstream.
The data comes from the Camera & Imaging Products Association, or CIPA, whose monthly shipment reports offer one of the clearest public views of the global camera business because they measure manufacturer shipments rather than sales from an individual retailer. In the past year, a healthy first quarter and particularly strong April were followed by softer results in May and June, both of which trailed the comparable months in 2025. June was especially weak across most categories.
Fixed-lens models remain the strongest source of unit growth. Compact-camera shipments were roughly 16% higher during the first half, extending a comeback fueled in part by younger photographers and creators looking for an alternative to shooting everything on a smartphone. The pace, however, appears to be moderating. CIPA's 2026 forecast calls for approximately 2.77 million fixed-lens cameras to ship for the full year, up about 13.6%. That compares with 2025, when the category jumped nearly 30% to 2.44 million units. In other words, the compact revival increasingly looks like a sustainable segment rather than a short-lived buying frenzy.
The picture is less positive for interchangeable-lens cameras. Shipments totaled 3.13 million units in the first half of 2026, a decline of 4.6% from 3.28 million during the same period last year. Mirrorless cameras reportedly fell about 2% by unit volume while increasing roughly 6% in shipment value, neatly illustrating the industry's broader direction: fewer cameras are being sold, but buyers are spending more on each one. DSLRs continue to suffer the sharpest declines, with June shipments down 37% year over year. Canon and Nikon have largely moved away from developing new DSLR models, leaving Pentax as the only major manufacturer still actively supporting the format with new development. CIPA's 2025 figures also show how different the two markets have become, with the average DSLR carrying an export value of about $282 compared with roughly $711 for a mirrorless body. That suggests much of the remaining DSLR volume is concentrated in lower-priced inventory rather than premium professional equipment.
Another revealing metric is the ratio of lenses shipped for every interchangeable-lens camera body. That figure rose from 1.49 to 1.56 compared with a year earlier, suggesting photographers are directing more of their spending toward lenses instead of replacing bodies as frequently. It also means lenses are shipping in greater numbers than the cameras they attach to. The trend fits the industry's broader recovery. Camera shipments have now increased for two consecutive years for the first time in almost two decades, with 2025 reaching 9.44 million units. Even so, that remains dramatically below the industry's 2010 peak of more than 120 million cameras. The modern camera market has not rebuilt itself by returning to mass-market volume. Instead, manufacturers have found growth by selling more specialized and more expensive equipment to a smaller audience of committed buyers, a shift reflected in CIPA's full-year shipment figures.
For photographers thinking about future purchases, the implications are fairly straightforward. Camera-body pricing continues to trend higher, so anyone already considering an upgrade may not want to assume significantly cheaper models are around the corner. Shipment value is also growing faster than unit volume, reinforcing the idea that prices are rising, customers are moving toward premium equipment, or both. Lenses remain a particularly sensible place to put money because a good lens can stay useful through several generations of camera bodies. And if you currently shoot with a DSLR system, new hardware choices will likely continue to shrink, even though the equipment you already own can remain perfectly usable for years after manufacturers stop shipping new models.
Alex Cooke is a Cleveland-based photographer and meteorologist. He teaches music and enjoys time with horses and his rescue dogs."
26,2026-08-08,The alarm is coming from inside the house. The Treasury Borrowing Advisory Committee says the borrowing math no longer adds up.
27,2026-08-08,But Iran's aggressive demands cool hopes that the strait will see traffic return to normal anytime soon or that the U.S. will stop applying economic pressure...
28,2026-08-08,"Personal Finance

							The NUA rule taxes employer stock appreciation at long-term capital gains rates, potentially saving retirees tens of thousands versus a standard IRA rollover.													

							Using NUA on $400,000 of employer stock with a $60,000 basis cuts federal tax to roughly $65,400, far below the IRA rollover bill.													

							IRA withdrawals can make up to 85% of Social Security taxable and trigger Medicare IRMAA surcharges, a cascading cost NUA elections help avoid.													
Many financial professionals are salespeople paid on what they push, not whether you end up wealthier. A fiduciary is the opposite. The SEC legally requires them to put your interests first. Advisor.com's free matching tool pairs you with vetted fiduciaries from major national firms, all in under three minutes. See who you match with today.

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© 24/7 Wall St.
A 62-year-old engineer retiring next spring has $1.4 million in her 401(k). Roughly $400,000 sits in her employer’s stock, purchased over two decades through payroll deferrals and matching contributions at a blended cost basis near $60,000. Her advisor’s first instinct is a clean rollover into an IRA. That single move would cost her tens of thousands of dollars she does not have to pay.
The rule she needs to know is Net Unrealized Appreciation, or NUA. It lives in IRC Section 402(e)(4) and applies only to employer securities held inside a qualified plan. If her employer stock stays inside the 401(k) until rollover, every future dollar of gain becomes ordinary income when withdrawn. If she uses NUA instead, the appreciation is taxed at long-term capital gains rates for the rest of her life.
Four conditions must align. First, a triggering event: separation from service, reaching age 59½, disability, or death. Second, a lump-sum distribution of the entire 401(k) balance in a single tax year. Third, the employer shares must move in-kind to a taxable brokerage account rather than an IRA. Fourth, cash and non-employer-stock assets can roll to an IRA in the same year.
When the shares land in the taxable account, only the cost basis is taxed as ordinary income that year. The appreciation, the NUA, is not taxed until she sells the shares, and when she does, it is taxed at long-term capital gains rates regardless of how long she has held the shares outside the plan. Any additional appreciation after the distribution date follows normal short- or long-term rules.
Assume the shares are worth $400,000 with a $60,000 basis. Their other retirement income lands them in the 24% bracket, which in 2026 covers taxable income above $211,400, and their combined taxable income puts long-term gains squarely in the 15% capital-gains bracket that runs from $98,901 to $613,700 for joint filers in 2026.
Under the NUA election, she owes ordinary income tax on the $60,000 basis (roughly $14,400 at 24%) in the distribution year. If she then sells the entire block, the $340,000 of NUA is taxed at 15%, another $51,000. Total federal tax: about $65,400.
Roll the same shares into an IRA and the arithmetic flips. Every future withdrawal, basis and appreciation alike, is ordinary income. Liquidating the full balance through the IRA at ordinary rates costs substantially more, and the bill climbs higher once RMDs, Social Security, and pension income stack up. The NUA election can save this household tens of thousands of dollars, and that ignores the follow-on damage from IRMAA and Social Security taxation.
Ordinary-income withdrawals from a traditional IRA feed directly into the formulas that make up to 85% of Social Security taxable and trigger Medicare IRMAA surcharges on a two-year lookback. Long-term capital gains from NUA shares still count toward MAGI, but they are taxed at a lower headline rate. Careful sequencing (selling shares in years when other income is low) can keep gains inside the 0% or 15% capital-gains brackets. The IRA rollover route offers no such lever.
One caution: concentrating a large position in a single employer’s stock is a risk in itself. NUA is a tax strategy on its own; the concentration risk still needs its own solution. Diversifying after the distribution simply means paying the capital-gains tax as shares are sold, which is exactly what the election was designed to enable.
The average Baby Boomer 401(k) balance sits at $267,900, but readers with seven-figure plans and long tenures at a single public employer are exactly the population NUA was written for. The election is one-shot and irreversible. Get it right before the paperwork gets processed.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Marc Guberti is a personal finance writer who has written for US News & World Report, Business Insider, Newsweek and other publications. He also hosts the Breakthrough Success Podcast which teaches listeners how to use content marketing to grow their businesses.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
A 61-year-old technology vice president retiring this summer has roughly $1.4 million in her 401(k). About $500,000 of that balance…
A 62-year-old executive retires from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL | AAPL Price Prediction) with $500,000 of company stock sitting inside her 401(k),…
Picture a 62-year-old Apple lifer cleaning out an office for the last time. The 401(k) statement shows $1.9 million, with…
A one-time retirement payout can quietly follow you into Medicare two years after you collect it, inflating premiums you never…
When a medical-device VP got laid off after 22 years and found herself staring at $700,000 in company stock inside…
A 58-year-old leaving a job with $1.2 million in a 401(k) faces a decision that looks routine but carries a…
A senior director at a public mega-cap company is wrapping up her career at age 61. Her 401(k) sits at…
At 68, Tom Martinez faces a common retirement puzzle. His $1.8 million portfolio splits into a $1.2 million IRA and…
A C-suite executive retiring at 62 with $1.8 million in a traditional 401(k), $400,000 in RSUs, a nonqualified deferred compensation…"
29,2026-08-08,"rooting a CMF Phone 1 to run my personal infrastructure at home.
For a while, my personal infrastructure lived on a small Hetzner VPS. It ran a few web apps, a remote browser called Surf, Caddy, and the usual supporting cast. Nothing particularly serious. It worked, I just didn’t like paying for it.
One of the apps I run, Surf, made the compromise difficult to ignore. The cheapest shared machines were fine until Chrome had real work to do, at which point they felt starved. Dedicated CPU machines fix that, but cost enough each month to make a personal browser feel like a questionable financial commitment.
Buying another machine wasn’t an appealing escape hatch either. DRAM prices have gone completely stupid, so putting together a new box with a comfortable amount of memory felt especially ill timed. I looked at used mini PCs and briefly considered turning my desktop into a server whenever I wasn’t using it. Then I remembered the CMF Phone 1 I already own.
Eight ARM cores, 8 GB of RAM, 128 GB of flash, Wi-Fi 6, a 5G modem, and a built in battery backup, that is all attached to an SoC that I feel is overqualified for sitting in a drawer. And I had already paid for it. After dusting it off and playing with it for a while, I decided to turn the phone into the server.
Today it runs Surf and its managed Chrome instance, my personal finance tracker, a screen sharing service, and a handful of smaller web apps. They survive reboots, deploy from Git, and remain reachable when the phone moves between networks, so this is now the machine that actually replaced the VPS.
The cleanest version of this idea seemed to be flashing a normal Linux distribution. The CMF Phone 1 has a postmarketOS device port, it boots, and the device page has enough green boxes to make a reckless person optimistic. I ended up being that person.
What I paid less attention to was everything marked broken: Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, hardware acceleration, and most of the other things that make the phone useful as a small server. I got as far as the postmarketOS splash screen and a black display. At that point I had neither a server nor a phone.
Recovering stock Nothing OS turned into its own side quest. The flashing utility needed Windows, so I installed Windows in QEMU, fought USB passthrough and MediaTek drivers, watched the flashing tool hang, then eventually moved the process to an actual Windows installation and restored the factory images.
There was a moment in the middle of this where the phone was soft bircked and only showed a black screen and I genuinely thought I had converted a perfectly good device into a paperweight.
It came back, and lesson learned: Android already has working drivers for every piece of this hardware. Wi-Fi, power management, the battery, the GPU, the modem, and every weird vendor detail already work. Throwing all of that away in pursuit of a more conventional userspace was the wrong trade.
I didn’t actually need the phone to become a normal Linux machine. I needed it to run Linux applications reliably while Android continued doing the hardware specific work it is good at.
The second attempt kept stock Android and treated Termux as the host environment.
Termux gives me OpenSSH, runit, Caddy, Cloudflared, package management, and normal enough Unix tooling. Termux:Boot starts the supervisor and SSH after a reboot. Tailscale gives the phone a stable private address, so from any machine on my tailnet I can just run:
Termux is not a virtual machine. Its processes still execute against Android’s Linux kernel, but its Bionic based userspace is different enough from an ordinary Debian installation that existing Linux application images cannot simply be dropped into it. That split ended up being useful, though: Termux could remain the small host control plane while each application brought the Linux filesystem it expected.
The actual services are supervised by runit. Android’s battery management is very good at its normal job and very bad for a device pretending to be a server, so I had my Ansible build also apply an Android host profile: it installs a persistent wake lock, disables light and deep idle, exempts Termux, Termux:Boot, and Tailscale from background restrictions, disables the child process limiter, prevents Wi-Fi suspension, and configures Tailscale as the always on VPN.
The recovery chain matters more than any individual setting. Android boots, always on VPN brings Tailscale back, Termux:Boot starts runit, runit starts every resident service, and health checks verify the local and public paths. The phone can reboot without waiting for me to notice.
This isn’t a conventional Linux server. There is no systemd, no normal Docker daemon, and no reason to pretend otherwise. But it is a Linux kernel with a very capable userland sitting on top of it, and that turns out to be enough.
Most of my applications already shipped as Linux ARM64 OCI images. proot-distro made those surprisingly easy to run under Debian without changing the applications themselves.
PRoot intercepts filesystem and process operations in userspace and makes a regular Termux process believe it lives inside a Debian root filesystem. It isn’t a container boundary. Everything still shares Android’s kernel, network namespace, and Termux UID. But as an application compatibility layer, it is extremely useful because it needs neither root nor a special kernel.
The ordinary web services initially ran fine this way. Each of my applications got a verified root filesystem, a loopback port, and a runit service. Caddy ran directly in Termux and routed hostnames to those ports.
The performance/latency sensitive Surf browser workload was the exception. Starting processes, opening libraries, walking paths, reading browser profiles, and shuffling capture data all crossed PRoot’s userspace translation layer. There was CPU available, but Chrome could not reach it efficiently. So I rooted the phone, not to replace Android, but to mount the same Debian filesystem properly and enter it with a real chroot.
Runit still owned the lifecycle from Termux, configuration still came from the same place, and application data still lived in Termux storage. The workload simply reached Android’s kernel through native syscalls instead of PRoot. The improvement was not subtle!
Once that path was solid, leaving the smaller residents under PRoot stopped making much sense. They now run the same way. My workstation resolves each ARM64 image to an exact digest and exports its filesystem; Ansible verifies and installs it on the phone. A small root helper creates a private mount namespace, binds the required paths, enters the filesystem with chroot, drops privileges, and starts the original image entrypoint.
Neither Docker nor a compiler needs to exist on the phone. These are still compatibility environments rather than security boundaries: the residents share Android’s kernel and network stack, while the private mount namespaces mainly keep mounts and cleanup predictable.
I also spent far too long trying to bridge Debian’s graphics stack to the phone’s Mali GPU through VirGL and Android Vulkan. I got hardware compositing checkmarks alongside corrupt pages and worse performance… The boring software rendered path turned out to perform better.
By this point the phone could run everything, but I didn’t want a pet server assembled from commands I would forget in a week. I moved the entire host into an Ansible managed state: versions, service definitions, routes, power settings, secrets, and health checks all live in one private repository.
The deployment flow is roughly:
Releases are pinned by digest or checksum and installed into versioned directories behind an atomic current symlink. A failed checksum or health check stops the deployment, rollback means reverting the pin and applying again. Application data lives separately from releases.
After the small manual bootstrap: install the three Android apps, root the phone, grant Termux superuser access, and authorize SSH, the same repository owns the rest. From my workstation, bringing the host to the declared state is deliberately simple:
Applying it again does not replace unchanged runtime files or restart healthy residents. More importantly, the configuration is useful if this phone dies: another rootable ARM64 phone can be brought toward the same state without reconstructing a shell history.
Secrets are not stored on the phone’s Git checkout, because there is no Git checkout. Ansible Vault values live encrypted in the infrastructure repository. The vault password is derived by asking my 1Password SSH agent to sign a fixed challenge, so the private key stays in 1Password and the phone never needs access to it. During deployment, Ansible renders only the runtime values each service needs into Termux’s private storage.
The next problem to tackle was ingress. My home connection does not come with the kind of static server setup a VPS gives you, and I don’t want to expose SSH or a collection of random application ports through the router. I also wanted the phone to remain a phone in one important sense: I should be able to unplug it, take it somewhere else, connect it to the internet, and still have my server.
The HTTP applications use a Cloudflare Tunnel. Cloudflared makes one outbound connection from the phone, Cloudflare sends each hostname through it, and Caddy routes the request to the correct loopback service.
There is no inbound router rule for those services. Cloudflared only needs an outbound connection, so if I move the phone to another network, the tunnel reconnects and the hostnames follow it. Tailscale does the same for administration. The phone’s battery can bridge the move, and the public services do not care which Wi-Fi happens to be underneath them.
The Surf remote browser backend needed a different path though. Its direct connection is latency sensitive, terminates its own TLS, and the old iPad that connects to it pins the server identity. At home, Cloudflare DDNS keeps a DNS only record pointed at the current public address and the router forwards one port to Surf. On the LAN, the iPad connects directly to the phone.
That still left roaming. A normal Cloudflare Tunnel terminates TLS at Cloudflare, which is exactly what Surf’s pinned connection does not want. The solution was to wrap the complete Surf TLS stream inside an ordinary WebSocket. Cloudflare sees and forwards the WebSocket, but the actual authenticated Surf connection remains encrypted end to end inside it.
This obviously adds latency, from outside home I usually see roughly another network round trip, and the iPad connection was around 60 ms when I first tested it. But it works through a tunnel that only needs outbound connectivity, on an operating system from 2012, without installing Tailscale on the iPad.
That was the moment the phone setup became slightly ridiculous in the best way. I left it plugged in at home, went to the office, SSHed from my MacBook through Tailscale into my workstation and the phone, and used the original iPad through the phone hosted Surf instance. The VPS was no longer, it felt liberating.
The machine has two layers. Android and Termux own the hardware, networking, ingress, and supervision. The Linux residents get the filesystem they expect and otherwise stay out of the host’s way.
The demanding workload is Surf, which brings a modern Chromium browser to old iPhones and iPads. The phone runs desktop Chrome (recent arm64 release of Chrome) and the Surf backend inside its Debian runtime, an iPad mini receives H.264 video and audio while sending touch, keyboard, tab, and navigation commands back. Surf is why I cared so much about syscall overhead and latency in the first place.
Alongside it, the phone hosts my personal finance tracker. It records recurring income and expenses, one time transactions, monthly spending limits, and projects my balance forward day by day. Unlike the replaceable application artifacts, its SQLite database contains state I care about, so it has automated off device backups and a tested restore path.
None of those names are baked into some grand “phone server framework.” A new resident is another immutable artifact, a runit definition, an explicit data contract, a health check, and optionally a Caddy route.
The latest addition is observability. I can still SSH in, inspect runit, tail logs, check public routes, and query Android directly, but I no longer have to do that merely to see what’s going on with the machine at a glance: One native service collects CPU usage for all eight cores, memory, storage, uptime, battery, thermals, local and public reachability, and every discovered runit resident. It keeps bounded history and serves an embedded Vue interface at https://dash.cmf, reachable only over the LAN or tailnet.

The log view discovers the same service directories at runtime, so adding another resident doesn’t require teaching the UI its name. It is much nicer than SSHing in just to remember which thing was noisy.
If you already have a reasonably modern, rootable ARM64 phone sitting unused, this is much less ridiculous than it sounds. You get quiet hardware, low power consumption, flash storage, Wi-Fi, a built in display for recovery, and a battery that behaves like a tiny UPS. Stock Android already supports the hardware, while Termux and a rooted chroot are enough to run a surprising amount of normal Linux software.
I would not put irreplaceable data on one without automated off device backups, and I would not treat the chroots as hostile workload isolation. Rooting expands the trust boundary, Android remains an unusual server host, and software rendered desktop Chrome is not going to beat a dedicated workstation with a GPU.
But for a handful of personal services, especially when the alternative is paying indefinitely for a VPS that is either slow or annoyingly expensive, it is a genuinely useful option rather than only a stunt.
The phone is still a weird server. It shares one kernel, Android occasionally needs to be reminded not to “optimize” it, and a future Android update could always create a new surprise.
But it is quiet, battery backed, fast enough, reachable from anywhere, reproducible from Git, and already sitting in my house. I started this trying to save money on a VPS. I ended up with a rooted phone running my personal infrastructure, and somehow that is much more satisfying. :)"
30,2026-08-08,"On August 4, SentinelOne (NYSE:S) expanded its work with Amazon Web Services, folding its AI security tools into a single governance layer for Amazon Bedrock..."
31,2026-08-08,"Cameron Burgess had a shortened pre-season having played for Australia at this summer's World Cup
Swansea City fear Cameron Burgess has suffered a significant Achilles injury after the centre-back limped off during their Carabao Cup defeat by Birmingham City.
Burgess, 30, has not missed a minute of Championship football after joining Swansea in the summer of 2025.
That record seems set to end when the Swans begin the 2026-27 league campaign at Stoke City on Saturday, 15 August.
Burgess was sent to hospital for scans after suffering the injury when landing from going up for a header.
""It doesn't look good but I prefer to wait for the assessment,"" said Swansea head coach Vitor Matos. ""It could be related to the Achilles but let's see.""
Burgess started alongside Ben Cabango, his regular central defensive partner last season, as Swansea were beaten 1-0 by Birmingham.
The Australia international suffered the problem late on and Swansea played the closing minutes of the game with 10 men because they had already used all their substitutions.
Priske strike gives Birmingham victory at Swansea
Foundations now in place at Swansea - Gorringe
Summer signing Stephen Welsh, who was on the bench against the Blues, could replace Burgess at Stoke.
Matos also has the option of switching Filip Lissah to centre-back.
The 21-year-old made his first competitive start for Swansea against Birmingham at right-back before making way for Josh Key in the second half.
""Welshy is more than ready to come in [and] we can still play Lissah [at centre-back], so there are plenty of options,"" Matos said.
Swansea were in the market for another centre-back even before Burgess' injury.
Matos acknowledged that should Burgess' problem prove to be serious, the Swans may have to adjust their transfer plans.
""From when that is confirmed, of course we need to reassess the situation and think what we can do in the market,"" he added.
""Let's see. The market's open. Everything can happen. We never know. We are ready to receive the players that will help us to be a better team.""
Latest Swansea City news, analysis and fan views
Listen to the latest Swansea City interviews, news and discussion on BBC Sounds
Fifa criticises campaign to oust president Infantino
Tielemans cameo against PSG hints at Man Utd future
Garcia hopes long-term friend Alonso's Chelsea finish second to Liverpool
With great power comes great responsibility
The rise and fall of a transatlantic cocaine empire
Chris Packham explores four billion years of evolution
Liza lands a major film job but her past could derail everything
Life as a Wag in the transfer window
Tielemans cameo against PSG hints at Man Utd future
'What a throw!' - Southern Brave's two stunning run outs. Video'What a throw!' - Southern Brave's two stunning run outs
Why can't the Premier League attract the world's best players?
Inside Newcastle 2.0 - how the project is changing
Politicians, private jets and power - the life of a Fifa president
A secret invite and other 'pinch-me' moments before Leicester woke up    
39 moves across five countries - football's ultimate journeyman
Who will leave Chelsea? How Blues could cut 41-man squad
Why Real are happy to pay Â£120m for raw genius of Diomande
Weekly sports quiz: Beckham at the Commonwealth Games?
Lines to be first British woman in America's Cup team for 90 years
Why Liverpool are ready to make Barcola third Â£100m signing 
Why Â£1m-a-season deal will be hard for Pollock and Hearn to find
A youngster to watch at each Premier League club this season
Copyright Â© 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking."
32,2026-08-08,The hand-built planes are unmatched in the firefighting aircraft market and are built to last for decades. Europe wants more of them than ever.
33,2026-08-08,
34,2026-08-08,"BREAKING: Dow, S&P 500 At Highs; Warren Buffett's Berkshire Beats

Berkshire Hathaway reported better-than-expected earnings while the conglomerate, no longer run by Warren Buffett, announced a big increase in share buybacks and a significant decline in its cash hoard. The stock is in a buy zone. Berkshire Hathaway (BRKB) reported Q2 operating earnings of $12.98 billion, up 16% vs. a year earlier. Revenue climbed 10% to $101.8 billion. Both beat…
Copyright ©2026 Investor's Business Daily, LLC. All rights reserved. 87990cbe856818d5eddac44c7b1cdeb8

8/07/2026
					With bulls back in charge, here's what investors should do. Warren Buffett's Berkshire beat views Saturday. Lumentum, Cisco. Applied Materials...				

8/07/2026
					With bulls back in charge, here's what investors should do....				
Artificial intelligence can help identify and manage cyber threats, but in the hands of bad actors AI also creates new risks. (© Gary Neill)
Get instant access to exclusive stock lists, expert market analysis and powerful tools with 2 months of IBD Digital for only $20!
Get market updates, educational videos, webinars, and stock analysis.
Learn how you can make more money with IBD's investing tools, top-performing stock lists, and educational content.
Information in Investor’s Business Daily is for informational and educational purposes only and should not be construed as an offer, recommendation, solicitation, or rating to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, but we make no guarantee as to its accuracy, timeliness, or suitability, including with respect to information that appears in closed captioning. Historical investment performances are no indication or guarantee of future success or performance. Authors/presenters may own the stocks they discuss. We make no representations or warranties regarding the advisability of investing in any particular securities or utilizing any specific investment strategies. Information is subject to change without notice. For information on use of our services, please see our Terms of Use.
*Real-time prices by Nasdaq Last Sale. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. Ownership data provided by LSEG and Estimate data provided by FactSet.
IBD, IBD Digital, IBD Live, IBD Weekly, Investor's Business Daily, Leaderboard, MarketDiem, MarketSurge and other marks are trademarks owned by Investor's Business Daily, LLC.
©2026 Investor’s Business Daily, LLC. All Rights Reserved."
35,2026-08-08,
36,2026-08-08,"Gilead Sciences (GILD) closed a strong second quarter, and Wall Street noticed. The drugmaker beat sales expectations across its biggest franchises, raised i..."
37,2026-08-08,"
Service robots have been making steady progress in controlled environments, but deploying them in real commercial spaces has always come down to one stubborn problem: most indoor spaces weren’t built with them in mind. Supermarket aisles, retail corridors, and home hallways run narrow, and rebuilding or widening them to accommodate a humanoid robot isn’t a cost that any business would willingly absorb just to install one.
The Robbyant R2 approaches that problem from the chassis up. Built on a 455 mm rectangular base with a body width equal to human shoulder span, it can navigate 650mm aisles smoothly, making it the first wheeled humanoid robot to clear that threshold. Its 360° omnidirectional mobility and precise obstacle avoidance mean it can operate in tight commercial and residential spaces without any layout changes to the space itself.
Designers: Yupeng Hu, Mingwei Zhang, Qi Huang, Yuxuan Liu, Zhewen Wu













The arm system is where that compact footprint pays off most concretely. Dual arms with seven degrees of freedom, each capable of lifting up to 5kg, give R2 enough reach and dexterity for sorting stock, moving items between locations, and handling everyday objects that typically require human hands. The range of motion this unlocks is considerably closer to a natural human arm than a conventional industrial manipulator.



Working alongside people in a shared space also means communicating in ways that don’t make them uncomfortable. R2 does this through a binocular depth camera, a 360° microphone array, a speaker, and dynamic lighting that shifts in sync with its movement. Facial expressions and coordinated body language allow it to signal intent in real time, giving people around it the kind of readable cues that make shared spaces feel manageable.




Safety is built into the physical structure rather than treated as an add-on. Flexible anti-pinch joints along the body and arms prevent fingers or objects from getting caught in moving parts without slowing autonomous operation. A honeycomb structure across the chassis handles impact buffering and heat dissipation simultaneously, and automatic locking brakes engage in emergencies to stop the robot before a situation can escalate into something worse.



The chest houses a modular interaction platform that changes R2’s function depending on where it’s deployed. Slotting in screens, NFC readers, barcode scanners, or lighting modules lets the same hardware shift between home service, retail, and industrial settings without structural changes. Replacing individual modules instead of the entire unit keeps ownership costs lower over time and reduces the amount of electronics that gets discarded when requirements change.



The structural logic extends to manufacturing efficiency. A symmetrical body design cuts the number of molds required in half, reducing material waste and production overhead from the start. The signature Mocha Whisper finish, soft fabric accents, and warm CMF palette give R2 a noticeably different presence from the plain white industrial shells that most service robots wear, making it less intrusive in home and retail environments where aesthetics matter.




The multi-tool has been around long enough that most people have developed a frustrated relationship with it. You carry one because having a blade, a…
Double sliders in a pocket EDC tool? That’s not something you see often, mostly because fitting two independent sliding mechanisms into a body small enough…
A wholesome, flavorsome meal is what cooking is all about. You know you want to serve the perfect dish for family and friends, but sometimes…
That’s no boom box! That’s no ghetto blaster! That’s a Sonea unit! It’s basically a machine which protests the waste of perfectly good noise, converting…
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1780235500/moft-worlds-first-invisible-laptop-stand I don’t think companies understand how valuable a laptop would be if they built a stand right into it. Until then, designs like MOFT…
A geeky LED lamp that’s got a screen on the outside to beam important widgets beyond the PC and external screen interface. On the inside,…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
38,2026-08-08,Regional banks are getting a boost as the AI gold rush spills out beyond Wall Street.
39,2026-08-08,"Benelli's story is a strange one. Once upon a time, it was one of Italy's most charismatic motorcycle manufacturers. Today, it's a Chinese-owned company with a catalog so broad that it almost feels like someone threw darts at a whiteboard full of market segments.
Adventure bikes? Check. Nakeds? Check. Retro roadsters? Absolutely. None of them are bad motorcycles. In fact, many are surprisingly good. But very few make you stop and say, ""Now that's a Benelli."" Somewhere along the way, the brand traded personality for pragmatism.
The Tornado 550 might just be the bike that begins to reverse that trend. It’s a name that carries a fair bit of history. Benelli first used the Tornado badge in the early 1970s on its 650-cc parallel twin, a motorcycle built to challenge the British big twins of the era.
More recently, the Tornado name found fame on the exotic three-cylinder Tornado Tre superbike. The new Tornado 550 doesn't share much mechanically with those machines, but it does signal Benelli's intent to once again be taken seriously in the sportbike conversation.
Let’s talk engine first. Power comes from a 554cc liquid-cooled parallel twin, itself an evolution of Benelli's familiar 500 platform. The biggest talking point isn't the displacement bump but the switch to a 270-degree crankshaft, the same setup I personally loved on the Norton Atlas first ride.
With the shift to a 270-degree configuration, Benelli has effectively traded the flatter feel of the older 360-degree layout for a more charismatic firing order that mimics a V-twin. Expect a meatier exhaust note, stronger pulses through the chassis, and better traction under acceleration, all qualities that have made 270-degree twins immensely popular on bikes like Yamaha's MT-07 and Honda's Transalp.
Peak output stands at 56 hp at 8,250 rpm and 54 Nm (39.8 lb-ft) at 5,500 rpm, delivered through a six-speed gearbox with a slipper clutch. While those numbers won't trouble high-strung middleweights, they sit right in the sweet spot for riders who value usable torque and everyday rideability over chasing dyno charts.
Visually, this isn't simply a TNT 500 wearing a set of fairings. Benelli went back to the drawing board, sharpening the chassis and wrapping the package in bodywork that looks considerably more expensive than its price tag suggests.
The Tornado 550 is arguably Benelli's best-looking motorcycle in years. Rather than chasing MotoGP aggression, the designers opted for muscular, flowing surfaces that give the bike genuine presence. Dual LED headlights sit tucked neatly into a sculpted nose, flanked by narrow DRL arcs that, according to Benelli, mimic a lion’s fangs – the brand’s emblem.
The side profile is tightly wrapped around the engine, avoiding the bloated look that sometimes plagues entry-middleweight fairings. A sculpted fuel tank flows cleanly into a slim tail section, striking a pleasing balance between Italian flair and modern sportbike functionality..
Underneath lies an exposed steel trellis frame using the engine as a stressed member, paired with a fully adjustable 41-mm Marzocchi upside-down fork and a preload- and rebound-adjustable rear shock. Braking hardware is equally encouraging, with twin 320-mm floating discs gripped by Brembo four-piston radial calipers up front, and a 260-mm disc at the rear.
Cornering ABS, traction control, and two preset ride modes (Normal and Sport) round out a modern electronics suite managed via a 5-inch TFT display with Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity. The bike rolls on tubeless Pirelli Angel GT tires, features an approachable 31.1-inch (790-mm) seat height, and carries a claimed wet weight of 437 lb (198 kg).
But perhaps most importantly, in typical Chinese motorcycle fashion, the Tornado comes very reasonably priced, starting at US$5,999 in the US. That's impressive, especially when you consider it’s cheaper than the Honda CBR500R, and the new kid on the block, the Triumph Daytona 660, while being on par with the ever-popular ABS-powered Kawasaki Ninja 500.
With its power, it slots neatly between the beginner-friendly Honda CBR500R and more performance-focused machines such as the Aprilia RS 457 and Yamaha R7. While it won't match the outright excitement of the latter pair, it will surely offer a healthier torque curve than many smaller-capacity rivals. Not to forget, its charismatic 270-degree twin, premium suspension and braking components all work in its favor.
For Benelli, the Tornado 550 looks like a statement that the company wants to be part of the middleweight sportbike conversation again. Whether it can steal buyers away from the established players remains to be seen, but based on what we've seen so far, this is the most convincing shot Benelli has fired in years.
Source: Benelli
Sign up for our FREE daily New Atlas newsletter!"
40,2026-08-08,"
August arrives with a lineup that feels genuinely considered. Not every gadget this month is chasing a headline spec or fighting for shelf space. Some of the most interesting things landing right now are smaller, quieter, and more honest about what they actually do — a folding mouse that disappears into a shirt pocket, a bedside unit that replaces three devices at once, and a dual-screen E Ink tablet that finally treats reading and writing as a single workflow rather than two separate tasks competing for the same screen.
There’s also something larger worth paying attention to. Samsung is officially pulling back the curtain on the Galaxy Z Fold 8 this month, and what’s shaping up as a tiered foldable lineup could redefine the category’s identity. Meanwhile, Google has quietly slipped a new smart speaker onto store shelves for the first time in six years. August, as it turns out, rewards patience — and knowing exactly where to look.


The piBrick Pocket-CM5 is one of those projects that reads better the longer you spend with the spec sheet. Built by Ahmad Amarullah on a custom PCB designed around the Raspberry Pi Compute Module 5, this open-source handheld costs around $172 in parts and arrives at smartphone proportions — 80 × 145 × 19.6mm. The 3.92-inch AMOLED display runs at 1080 × 1240 and 90Hz with Asahi tempered glass over the top, which is the kind of detail that separates a deliberate design from a prototype that merely happens to work. Full-size and micro-HDMI outputs mean the same pocket device can drive an external display when a larger workspace makes more sense.
The BBQ20 keyboard with its integrated BlackBerry-derived trackpad gives the piBrick a tactile depth that touchscreen-only handhelds cannot match, and side rotary encoders plus five programmable buttons extend the input options further still. A 5,000mAh LiPo keeps everything running, NVMe SSD support in 2230 or 2242 formats handles storage, and USB 3.0 with Type-A and Type-C covers connectivity. The most quietly useful feature is USB-HID mode — plug the piBrick into any external machine and its keyboard and trackpad instantly become a functional input device, independent of the Pi entirely. For a sysadmin who shows up at a server rack without a spare keyboard, that framing changes the device from hobbyist novelty to legitimate daily carry tool.


The OrigamiSwift is a Bluetooth mouse that folds flat to 0.18 inches — thinner than most notepads — and springs back into a full-size ergonomic form in under half a second. Designed by Horace Lam and built around the geometry of traditional origami folding, it weighs just 40 grams and connects over Bluetooth 5.2, with a 4,000 CPI HD infrared sensor tracking at up to 30 inches per second. For digital nomads and frequent travelers, the appeal is immediate: full-size mousing comfort that compresses to the front pocket of a bag without any structural compromise.
Soft-click buttons and a smooth, consistent glide make it discreet in quiet environments, and the triangular origami structure that enables the folding mechanism also gives the frame enough rigidity to absorb daily use without flex. Battery life is a genuine standout — one USB-C charge lasts up to three months, which removes the disposable battery cycle from the equation entirely. At $85, it sits in a price range where compromises tend to accumulate, and the sensor performance, weight, and build quality keep most of them from appearing. It works across Mac, iPad, Windows, and Android without additional drivers, which keeps the setup frictionless wherever you end up working.
Click Here to Buy Now: $85.00


The Divoom FlowToo costs $99.99 and replaces three things that have been quietly cluttering nightstands for years — a Bluetooth speaker, a white noise machine, and an alarm clock. It runs through a 10W amplifier with a 45mm full-range driver, which is enough to fill a bedroom at a respectable volume without the sound becoming harsh at the high end. More than 90 built-in sounds cover the categories people actually reach for at night and during focus sessions, from rain and ocean ambience to forest and calming tones, and the Divoom app handles everything from alarm scheduling to sound selection directly from your phone.
The 2.26-inch smart display is the part that makes the FlowToo feel like something designed with some care rather than assembled from a parts list. It cycles between multiple clock faces, music visualizers that react to whatever’s playing, sleep scene animations, and mood lighting depending on the mode and the time of day. The wake-up sequence replaces a jarring alarm tone with natural sounds that build in volume while the display gradually brightens — a small change that makes a real difference to how the first few minutes of a morning feel. Available in White and Black, the form is clean, rounded, and scaled well enough to sit beside most beds without dominating the surface.


The Portable CD Cover Player brings album artwork back to the physical center of the listening experience at a time when streaming has reduced most music libraries to a scrollable grid of thumbnails no larger than a postage stamp. The form factor is slim and designed to echo the proportions of a CD sleeve — built for the kind of listening that happens away from a desk, on a commute, in a hotel room, or anywhere else a record player cannot reasonably follow you without significant planning.
There is something the CD format offers that streaming still hasn’t managed to replicate — intentionality. You chose this album. You put it in. You listened front to back, the way it was meant to be heard. The Portable CD Cover Player leans into that ritual rather than treating it as an inconvenience to be engineered away. At a moment when cassette players and vinyl decks have staged a credible commercial comeback, there is a real and growing audience for physical music hardware that does not apologize for existing in 2026. For anyone rebuilding a CD collection or looking for a reason to use the one they never threw out, this is the device for it.
Click Here to Buy Now: $199.00


Samsung confirmed the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Unpacked event for July 22 in London, and what’s taking shape is arguably the most architecturally ambitious foldable lineup the company has attempted. Three models appear to be in play — the standard Fold 8 at 4.1mm unfolded, the wide-format Fold 8 Wide at a remarkable 3.9mm, and the Fold 8 Ultra, which is where the S Pen is making its return after being stripped from the Fold 7 to achieve that device’s headline thinness. Reports point to a titanium-plus-carbon-fiber construction for the Ultra, a material combination that works more naturally with the digitizer layer the stylus requires than the pure titanium backplate the Fold 7 used.
The Ultra is the model worth watching most closely. A 5,000mAh battery — the largest in the Fold line since the third generation — marks the first meaningful capacity upgrade the series has seen in years, and the S Pen’s return shifts the Fold 8 Ultra from a premium hardware story into something with actual software depth for power users. Samsung is also reportedly developing a digitizer-free stylus solution for future generations, which would eventually decouple S Pen functionality from physical bulk entirely. If the Ultra ships as the leaks describe, it becomes the first Z Fold that stops treating its own productivity features as a problem to be engineered around, and starts treating them as the reason the device exists.


The Google Home Speaker is the company’s first new standalone smart speaker since the Nest Audio launched in September 2020. Nearly six years is a long time to leave a product category untouched in consumer electronics — Apple refreshed AirPods three times in that window, Sonos shipped new hardware, redesigned its app, and broke it, and still found time to come back. Google’s return is framed almost entirely around Gemini, now built directly into the speaker and positioned as the primary reason to put it on your kitchen counter rather than any particular advancement in audio engineering.
The hardware reads clean — small, rounded, and available in the kind of understated colors Google’s design teams have always been good at selecting. It features 360-degree audio, faster processing for more fluid conversational responses, and a new light ring that signals when Gemini is listening, thinking, or responding. Whether this launch represents a genuine recommitment to the smart home category or simply Google finding Gemini another product surface to occupy is a fair question to ask. The speaker is back on the counter after six years. Whether the company chooses to stay in the room this time is the harder and more important question.


The Inkleaf is a foldable dual-screen E Ink tablet with two 10.3-inch Carta panels that open side by side — one for reading, one for writing, simultaneously. That single feature solves a problem researchers, students, and writers have been navigating awkwardly for years, usually by propping a tablet next to a paper notebook or toggling between apps and losing their place each time. Designed by Kameron Yu, it closes to 8.4mm and 480 grams, thinner than a standard paperback, and each open panel measures 4.2mm — slimmer than the reMarkable 2 at 4.7mm, the Kindle Scribe at 5.4mm, and the Boox Note Air4 C at 5.8mm. None of those fold.
The cast aluminum body and precision-machined hinge barrel lay perfectly flat at 180 degrees when open, tactile page-turn buttons sit exactly where your thumb expects them, and the pressure-sensitive stylus ships in the box with no subscription fee attached. Android handles the OS with support for PDFs, EPUBs, MOBI, and TXT files, and an AI-powered handwriting search can surface any phrase across every notebook you’ve filled. First units are expected to reach founders in August 2026. At around $450, it is a serious financial commitment, but one the form factor and the problem it actually solves manage to earn.
August’s lineup doesn’t follow a single theme, which is part of what makes it worth paying attention to. The piBrick and the Inkleaf both treat computing as something that should fit your actual workflow rather than just your desk. The OrigamiSwift and the FlowToo make the case that the best everyday tech is the kind that removes something from your bag or your nightstand rather than quietly adding to it. The Portable CD Cover Player is a reminder that intentional listening never actually went away — it just needed hardware worth using again.
The bigger stories — Samsung’s Fold 8 and Google’s long-overdue speaker — tell you something meaningful about where two of the industry’s largest companies have landed on the question of what smart hardware is actually for. One is restoring capability it arguably should never have removed. The other is making up for six years of silence with an AI pitch and hoping nobody checks the calendar. Both are worth watching this month, for very different reasons.
The multi-tool has been around long enough that most people have developed a frustrated relationship with it. You carry one because having a blade, a…
Double sliders in a pocket EDC tool? That’s not something you see often, mostly because fitting two independent sliding mechanisms into a body small enough…
The blade in a boat engine is sharp enough to hurt sea creatures and humans, alike. Weeds and plants too can wreck it. The Air…
There are a lot of Bluetooth speakers in the market, from simple and minimalist ones to the more luxurious and expensive-looking ones. When it comes…
Little pals in our life deserve the best health and world of exposure. As concerned parents, we leave no stone unturned to ensure the same…
The Nike iD Experience is about taking interactive design to the next level – an approach to a completely hands-on design process inspired by the…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
41,2026-08-08,"People have long saved for life's biggest milestones: buying a home, getting married, and retirement. Some workers are also putting money aside for something they hope never happens: burnout.
Last week, Mary Kane handed in her resignation letter.
After six months of feeling exhausted, irritable, and increasingly burned out in her job as a senior marketing manager, the 54-year-old Minnesotan decided she'd had enough.
Unlike many workers in a similar position, she wasn't terrified about how she'd pay the bills once she quit. For years, she says, she saved about half of every paycheck, building what she now calls a burnout fund.
A burnout fund is a ring-fenced savings pot designed to fund a recovery period, rather than unexpected emergencies such as job loss or medical bills.
""A burnout fund is really intentional savings where you anticipate needing to take a break,"" Julie Beckham, Rockland Trust's financial education and development strategy officer, told Business Insider.
In that sense, she added, it's an old concept under a new name: ""Being intentional in naming any savings account is a good practice.""
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Sabino Vargas, senior financial advisor at Vanguard, told Business Insider the goal with a burnout fund is to ""build enough financial flexibility so you can have choices if a step back or career reset is needed.""
Has burnout affected how you spend or save your money? We'd love to hear your story. Contact this reporter at jzitser@businessinsider.com.
The concept of the burnout fund is entering the conversation as a series of workplace and economic pressures are taking their toll on workers in different ways. AI is accelerating the pace of work, shaking people's sense of job security, and leaving many workers feeling perpetually in catch-up mode. Rising prices have many feeling financially strapped. On top of that, the US job market is looking increasingly rocky. The BLS reported Friday that the US lost 23,000 jobs in July, and revisions to previous reports meant 100,000 fewer jobs were added in the previous two months than originally thought.
Several surveys suggest that burnout is widespread. A National Alliance on Mental Illness-Ipsos Workplace Mental Health poll of 2,153 full-time employees at companies with more than 100 workers, conducted in January and February, found that 53% felt burned out because of their jobs. It's affecting employees at every level; a recent string of high-profile tech execs and founders cited health issues and burnout as reasons for stepping back from their jobs.
While the World Health Organization doesn't classify burnout as a medical condition, it recognizes it as an ""occupational phenomenon"" resulting from chronic workplace stress.
Tasmin Lofthouse, 33, first burned out in 2018. ""I was completely flat, no get-up-and-go. I didn't want to do anything, see friends, or speak to them,"" the marketing professional, based in northwest England, told Business Insider.
Lofthouse knew she needed to leave her job, but with no savings, she couldn't afford to. Instead, she left for another job almost immediately after quitting.
She launched a marketing consultancy in 2020 and experienced another period of burnout two years later. This time, she decided she never wanted money to dictate whether she could step away from work. ""It made me realize I needed to build some sort of avenue to allow me to step back when I'm burning out,"" she said.
Lofthouse started saving money in 2022 and opened a dedicated burnout fund in 2024. Since then, she has transferred part of her business profits into it every few months. Now she has around £48,000 ($65,000) set aside, enough to cover 12 months of business expenses while paying herself a reduced salary. She also maintains a separate emergency fund covering three months of living expenses.
""I'm lucky that I've been able to do that for myself,"" she said. ""I think people are prone to burnout, especially in the world we operate in, and people need to see it as a foreseeable cost, rather than an unplanned emergency.""
Stacy North, 54, knew she was on the precipice of burnout when she first created her fund. After selling her home in 2022 and buying another, she had $80,000 in cash left over. Rather than putting it toward her new mortgage, she put the money into a savings account. ""I did it because I was burning out,"" she told Business Insider.
North, who was working as a sales manager for a fruit shipping company in Maryland, left her job in January 2025 after realizing the burnout wasn't improving. Her savings gave her the breathing room to leave the workforce before launching a professional home-organizing business in early 2026.
She said she has since spent about $35,000 of the $80,0000 fund.
Lofthouse and Kane both said they have enough saved to cover about 12 months of expenses. Luca Fontani, a 34-year-old who left his role as a fractional head of growth in the fashion industry after burning out, saved considerably more. He said he has more than $1 million in his fund, a sum he attributes to aggressive saving and successful investments.
There's no one-size-fits-all amount for a burnout fund, Jon Zetlmaier, a financial advisor and founder of Seattle-based Zetlmaier Wealth Management, told Business Insider.
The ""unwritten rule"" is to keep three to six months' worth of living expenses in an emergency fund, he said. If someone is planning a break or exit because of burnout, however, he said they should consider building additional savings, ideally in a high-yield FDIC-insured savings account or short-term Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS).
Beckham, Rockland Trust's financial education and development strategy officer, said the savings target also depends on how long someone expects to be away from work. ""If your recovery is three months of unplugging and then trying to figure out your next move, it might be a six, nine, or 12 months of savings.""
While burnout funds are creating a lifeline for some workers who need or want — and can afford — to take a break from their careers, they aren't solving all the underlying issues.
Vanguard said it has seen more Americans prioritize dedicated savings for career breaks and other planned life changes, but it also said many people still lack a financial plan for burnout-related expenses.
Beckham said that while planning ahead for all eventualities is sensible, the need for burnout funds is a symptom of a bigger societal problem.
""I feel kind of sad and anxious about the fact that folks are saving toward this financial goal,"" Beckham said.
""It's a reflection of the pace at which they're hustling to make ends meet and a reflection of the mental load that's affecting more than just their finances,"" she added.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
42,2026-08-08,"When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here's how it works.
We have heard from two sources that the recently announced Sony FX5 which was scheduled to begin shipping on August 18, 2026 has been delayed until at least early September.
Sony did send out the usual “orders for the FX5 have significantly surpassed the company’s forecasts” in late July that all the manufacturers do these days. That announcement may have been a bit dishonest. Though it's possible they didn't know what the problem was at the time.
The reason is apparently because of a quality control issue and they are going to get it sorted before letting them leave dealer stock rooms. We have heard a few have already made their way to customers.
Ship dates are something the manufacturers take very seriously. It does even the playing field for each retailer, as they will likely get stock at different times.
There is no word on what the quality control issue is, but kudos to Sony for recognizing it ahead of time to minimize customer and dealer frustration. It will also help Sony's own support department.
One possibility is the issue is firmware related, which is usually easily corrected, it'll just take either releasing the firmware on the ship date.
There is also the possibility that it was a hardware manufacturing defect and Sony is manufacturing corrected cameras and will exchange inventory with dealers that have already received them and stop shipments to retailers that haven't yet received their allocation.
Lens mount
Sony E
Image sensor
Full-Frame
Resolution
16.6MP
Image stabilization
Sensor-Shift
Native ISO
800–409,600
Triple base ISO
800 / 4000 / 12800
Max recording
X-OCN LT 16-Bit, up to 5K at 59.94 fps
Max video output
4:2:2 10-Bit HDMI up to 5K · 16-Bit RAW HDMI up to UHD 4K, 23.98–59.94 fps
Media slots
Dual: CFexpress Type A / SDXC (UHS-II)
Mobile app
iOS & Android — file access, settings, remote control, live view
Battery
NP-SA100
Sony FX5 · Key Specs
As I mentioned earlier, it's a good thing that Sony wants to correct the issue before it reaches customers. We've seen how frustrating that can be in the Canon world in the past.
Canon Rumors is the leading independent source for rumors, news, and developments regarding all things Canon—past, present, and future.
Disclaimer: Canon Rumors is not affiliated with Canon Inc. or any of its subsidiaries.
© 2008 – 2026 Hailey Media
Sign in to your account
 Remember me


"
43,2026-08-08,"Apple is set to unveil the iPhone 18 Pro next month. Should you buy an iPhone now or wait for the iPhone 18 Pro? This year, my advice is a bit different. Here’s why.
Usually, my advice this time of year is to hold off and wait to see what the impending new iPhone update brings — unless your phone is literally broken and you need something right away.
This year, however, my advice is different. All signs point to the iPhone 18 Pro and iPhone 18 Pro Max being more expensive. The extent of the price increases remains to be seen, but rumors say the base prices for each phone could increase by between $200 and $300.
Because of this price increase, my advice this year is to buy an iPhone 17 Pro right now if you’re in the market. I don’t think the iPhone 18 Pro will offer big enough changes for most people to wait and spend an extra $200 to $300.
This advice is especially applicable if you’re upgrading from a phone that is more than a couple of years old. The iPhone 17 Pro will be a major upgrade if you fall into that category.
Another thing to remember is that Apple will discontinue the iPhone 17 Pro when it announces the iPhone 18 Pro next month. While you might be able to find it from third-party retailers, it probably won’t be much cheaper than it is right now (if at all).
Finally, in terms of future-proofing, the iPhone 18 Pro is rumored to feature the same 12GB of RAM as the iPhone 17 Pro. This means it will be supported by iOS and get new AI features for many years to come.
The iPhone 18 Pro isn’t expected to be a major update compared to the iPhone 17 Pro. Some of the highlights of iPhone 18 Pro rumors include:
Of course, Apple likely has more planned for the iPhone 18 Pro than what’s been rumored so far. Still, I think it makes sense for most people to buy the iPhone 17 Pro now and save $200-$300 rather than to wait for the iPhone 18 Pro.
One late-breaking rumor suggests Apple might raise iPhone 17 prices next week. If that pans out, my advice might change. But as long as current prices hold steady, then I think my advice stands.
Ultimately, I think people should buy a new phone when they need one. There’s no need to rush to buy an iPhone 17 Pro right now if you don’t need one.
What do you think? Should people buy an iPhone 17 Pro now to save some money, or wait for the iPhone 18 Pro? Do the rumored new features justify a higher price? Let us know down in the comments.
Follow Chance: Threads, Bluesky, Instagram, and Mastodon.
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Introduced in 2007 by Steve Jobs, iPhone is Appl…
Chance is the editor-in-chief of 9to5Mac, overseeing the entire site’s operations. He also hosts the 9to5Mac Daily and 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcasts. 
You can send tips, questions, and typos to chance@9to5mac.com. "
44,2026-08-08,"While there's an argument that webcams are no longer a necessity at all, Logitech's webcams remain some of the most popular and ubiquitous on the market (among other, cheaper options that are great replacements for your laptop cam). If you want the best possible image from a Logitech webcam, start with the part many people overlook: lighting. Logitech's own support guidance and webcam-optimization tips both point to the same core truth, that a webcam can only work with the light it gets. Face a window if you can, add soft front lighting if you can't, and avoid sitting with a bright light behind you, which forces the camera to darken your face.
Next, connect the webcam directly to your computer instead of through a hub or dock, and make sure you're using the latest driver or camera software. In Logitech G Hub, Options+, or Logi Tune, set the exposure, focus, and white balance manually, rather than leaving everything on automatic. Auto settings can be convenient, but they often hunt for focus or shift colors when lighting changes, which makes the image look unstable on video calls.
Resolution matters, too, but only within the limits of the hardware. A 1080p webcam can look very good at 1080p, but it will never become a 4K camera. That means models like the C930e are capped at full HD, while Logitech's better 4K options, like the Brio 4K and MX Brio, have more headroom for sharper detail if your computer can handle it.
For older or mainstream Logitech models, expectations are everything. The C920 class of webcams is still popular because it delivers solid 1080p video, but it is not a low-light monster, and it cannot match the crispness or cropping flexibility of a true 4K model. The C930e adds a wider business-focused view and solid 1080p output, but it is still fundamentally a 1080p camera, so users should not expect fine-detail 4K clarity from it.
The StreamCam is optimized more for smooth 1080p content than ultra-high resolution, making it a good fit for creators who value clean 1080p video over raw pixel count. At the top end, the Brio 4K and MX Brio are some of the best Logitech choices if you want the most detail, but even those still depend heavily on lighting and setup — 4K won't rescue a dim room or a noisy video feed.
The bottom line is simple. Pick the highest-resolution Logitech webcam that fits your needs, then maximize it with good light, direct USB connection, and manual tuning. The camera cannot exceed its native resolution, but the right setup can make even a midrange model look noticeably better. Also, if you have privacy concerns, regardless of make or model, consider these tips on how to check if your webcam is spying on you."
45,2026-08-08,"We may receive a commission on purchases made from links.
The Roku Ultra, the top-ranked Roku streaming device, has a glut of features, lightning-fast Wi-Fi connection, and and excellent controller. However, Roku recently increased the prices of all its streaming products, forcing people to ask if Roku devices are still worth it after the price hike. If you already have one, the answer is yes, and not just because the Roku Channel is the most-watched free TV streaming service. But what if you don't? Thanks to the Roku Ultra's price hike, the device now retails for $150, which is quite frankly the biggest argument against purchasing it.
Most streaming devices are just so much cheaper. Even the Roku Ultra's main competition, the Amazon Fire TV Cube, is more affordable (if just barely) thanks to its $139.99 price tag. The only streaming devices that aren't cheaper are the Nvidia Shield TV (it also retails for $149.99) and the Apple TV 4K (it is more expensive and starts at $199). Some streaming devices that serve as worthwhile alternatives to the Roku Ultra but don't cost as much include TiVo Stream 4K Onn 4K Plus, Roku's own streaming stick 4K, and more. Entries are ranked by increasing price.
Before everyone could binge their favorite shows on their own schedules, everyone had to tune into shows at scheduled times. If you missed an episode, you either had to wait for a rerun or hoped you remembered to record it on a digital video recorder (DVR). Back in the day, TiVo was the undisputed king of the DVRs, and has since evolved with the times.
The TiVo Stream 4K is TiVo's answer to the oversaturated streaming stick market. As its name suggests, the device outputs video in 4K resolution, and since it runs on Android TV, the TiVo Stream 4K has all the features most audiences are accustomed to, including a voice-activated remote and almost every streaming app you will ever need built pre-installed. The TiVo Stream 4K doesn't have much, if anything, in the way of exclusive content, but that isn't why most people purchase one.
At only $29.99 through retailers such as Amazon, the TiVo Stream 4K is a budget device that provides a lot of content for a relatively low price. Even the most basic Amazon TV Fire Sticks are more expensive at $34.99 (also through Amazon), and if you want the 4K model, that will cost you $39.99 (again on Amazon). Although be careful when setting up the TiVo Stream 4K; the device slots into HDMI ports, but it is no dongle. Make sure the TiVo's bulky body has plenty of support.
While major supermarket chains carry items from a variety of brands, many sell their own proprietary products. Walmart, for example, sells a variety of electronics under the ""Onn"" label. You can buy Onn headphones, Onn video doorbells, Onn TVs, and, of course, Onn streaming devices. Like most streaming sticks — and unlike the TiVo Stream 4K – Onn streaming devices come in several models, the most powerful and expensive being the Onn 4K Plus.
Well, technically it used to be the Onn 4K Pro, but that was discontinued due to a bug that locked users out of the device. The Onn 4K Plus is a small black box that plugs into TVs via an HDMI, and since it uses the Google TV environment, anyone who used a Chromecast should feel right at home. While Onn devices don't have any exclusive content, they still have a sizable library of channels and streaming services that should keep most users happy.
As of this writing, the Onn 4K Plus retails for $49.98 through Walmart. That price gets you, allegedly, the fastest streaming device on the market. According to PC World's tests, only the Amazon Fire TV Cube and Nvidia Shield TV outmatch the Onn 4K Plus. However, the device isn't perfect, as it lacks an Ethernet port, so if you don't have reliable Wi-Fi, you might want to avoid this product.
Technically cheating a bit with this entry, but just because the Roku Ultra is no longer worth its price doesn't mean you should boycott the entire Roku line. Even though all Roku products are now more expensive across the board, you can still purchase quite a few of the brand's quality streaming devices for less than the cost of a Roku Ultra pre-price hike. While the Roku Ultra is the flagship product of the line, users claim the Roku Streaming Stick 4K is the best model. To be fair, the Roku Ultra is allegedly faster than any other Roku player and has additional features, including an Ethernet port, backlit remote buttons, and Dolby Atmos support.
However, these traits are hardly crucial to a streaming experience. The Roku Streaming Stick 4K still provides hundreds of live channels, 4K visuals, and native support for smart home systems such as Siri and Alexa, all with a voice-controlled remote. With the aforementioned price hike, the Streaming Stick 4K now sells for $79.99 on the Roku webstore, which is a hefty increase but still affordable when compared to the Roku Ultra.
In fact, that lower price helped edge the Roku Streaming Stick 4K ahead of the Roku Ultra in the customer satisfaction department, and even with this new price, it's still cheaper than the Roku Ultra ever was. Then again, if you buy a Roku Ultra through Amazon, you'll only pay the pre-hike price of $99.99. It's not every day a Roku Ultra is cheaper than a Roku Ultra, but you are living in weird times.
While Xiaomi isn't the biggest smartphone brand on the market, the company manufactures affordable smartphones that don't compromise features and quality for price. However, Xiaomi sells more than just Android devices. The manufacturer also carries its own lines of electric vehicles, smartwatches, and streaming devices. Its catalog of streaming gadgets is divided into three categories: the Xiaomi TV Box S, the Xiaomi TV Stick 4K, and the Mi TV Stick.
The TV Box S is Xiaomi's flagship streaming center and has all the features you need (or want) for a night of binge-watching. This compact box provides 4K visuals with Dolby Vision, Dolby Atmos, and DTS:X Audio, Wi-Fi 6 connectivity, and Google TV services with Google Cast support. The Xiaomi TV Stick 4K isn't that far behind and sacrifices some speed for affordability. This dongle even includes Wi-Fi 6, which is absent from rival devices, including the Roku Streaming Stick 4K.
The Mi TV Stick, meanwhile, is the cheapest of the bunch, but it delivers a comparatively inferior audiovisual experience. Now we're getting into the territory of devices that initially rivaled the Roku Ultra in terms of price, but since that device is currently more expensive, these ones are better deals. The Xiaomi TV Stick 4K, for instance, is $86.99 through Amazon, while the flagship model, the TV Box S, is $96.99. What used to be an iota of an affordability lead has transformed into a massive one.
In 2013, Google launched the Google Chromecast. Eventually, the gadget was discontinued because rival streaming devices and smart TVs made it feel redundant and limited, but the company didn't give up the streaming device dream. The Google TV Streamer 4K is the Chromecast's spiritual successor (or the Chromecast 2.0, depending on how you look at it). The TV Streamer 4K is faster and holds more storage than the Chromecast, but it also natively connects to your smart home devices (so long as they are compatible, that is).
Moreover, the Google TV Streamer 4K was recently updated to utilize Gemini for TV, Google's AI assistant that helps you find your favorite shows and movies more easily. And, since this is a Google device we're talking about, the TV Streamer 4K can connect to accessories such as your Pixel Buds, just in case you want to do some late-night streaming without waking anyone in your house. Or the neighbors.
At $99.99 through the Google Store, the Google TV Streamer 4K currently costs as much as the Roku Ultra's old price. Like many Google devices, Google offers payment plans so people who can't justify a single $100 expense can ease some of the burden off their wallet. However, if you want a cheaper model, you're out of luck; you can only choose between a porcelain-colored TV Streamer 4K or a hazel-colored model. That's it.
For this article, we started by researching all the main streaming devices currently available and their prices. The majority of our findings made the list, but anything that was as expensive or more expensive than the Roku Ultra's new price (i.e., the Nvidia Shield TVs and the Apple TV 4K) was disqualified. For the sake of consistency, we only went with the prices of the latest models, all new and from their manufacturers' official stores when applicable (no sales prices or refurbished models allowed). The only exception was Xiaomi, which doesn't have an official store. Moreover, we focused on the most expensive devices in a brand's lineup that didn't cross the $150 threshold.
While we were able to populate the majority of the entries with streaming devices most people are familiar with, such as Roku and Onn, we had to fill out several entries with more obscure brands. This is why we included the TiVo Stream 4K. Did you know TiVo was still around? Quite frankly, we forgot all about its streaming device before researching for this article, but we had to include it once its name resurfaced while looking for entries, especially since the TiVo Stream 4K is one of the cheapest devices available. After we filled out all the entries, we ordered them from least to most expensive.
Found this useful? Join our free weekly newsletter for smart tech buys and products to avoid."
46,2026-08-08,"ETF

							JEPQ's monthly payout surged from $0.47 to a record $0.71 during the 2026 Nasdaq correction, proving volatility spikes directly inflate covered-call income.													

							QQQ beat JEPQ by 6 percentage points last year, and 2022 proved the drawdown cushion is smaller than the 10% yield implies.													
Many financial professionals are salespeople paid on what they push, not whether you end up wealthier. A fiduciary is the opposite. The SEC legally requires them to put your interests first. Advisor.com's free matching tool pairs you with vetted fiduciaries from major national firms, all in under three minutes. See who you match with today.

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© 24/7 Wall St.
The JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF (NASDAQ:JEPQ) exists to answer one question: can you own the Nasdaq without owning the full whiplash? JEPQ pairs a portfolio of large-cap Nasdaq names with a written-call overlay, converting a slice of upside into monthly cash.
JEPQ’s roughly 10.9% trailing distribution rate is what keeps income investors interested. The useful test is what actually happens to the price and the checks when the index rolls over, because both halves of the trade are supposed to activate at exactly that moment.
JEPQ holds a research-driven subset of Nasdaq-100 stocks and sells out-of-the-money index calls against them, mostly through equity-linked notes. Premiums collected on those calls, plus dividends from the underlying stocks, form the bulk of the monthly distribution.
When implied volatility rises, those call premiums fatten, which is why the payout is designed to breathe with market stress. The fund carries a 0.35% net expense ratio, cheap for an actively managed derivative-income product.
The Nasdaq-100 entered correction territory this spring. The VIX peaked at 31.05 on March 27, 2026, and stayed above 20 from late February through mid-April. That is exactly the environment the overlay is built for. Measured from the December 1, 2025 setup into the August 5 close, the Invesco QQQ Trust (NASDAQ:QQQ) returned 16% while JEPQ returned 10% over the same window. JEPQ dropped meaningfully less than the index into the March lows, then lagged the sharp rebound, which is textbook covered-call behavior.
As volatility spiked, so did the checks. Monthly distributions climbed from $0.46572 in February to $0.509 in March, $0.5586 in April, $0.59095 in May, and eventually to $0.70497 on the August 3 ex-date, the largest single payout in the fund’s history. Trailing twelve-month distributions now sit at $6.52319 per share against a $59 price. Higher volatility literally paid the holder.
The 2022 bear market is where the marketing gets thinner. From JEPQ’s May 4, 2022 inception through year-end, the fund fell 13%, only modestly better than a Nasdaq-100 that fell far more painfully over the calendar year.
Payouts ran from $0.33975 in July 2022 to $0.68125 in November 2022, with December adding another $0.57554. The checks kept arriving and briefly grew, but the price cushion in a true, grinding drawdown was smaller than the 10% yield headline implies. Owners of JEPQ still lost real capital in 2022; they just lost less than the pure index and got paid to sit through it.
JEPQ makes sense as a 5% to 10% income sleeve for a retiree or near-retiree who wants Nasdaq beta with softer drawdowns and a monthly check that grows when markets get scary.
It does not make sense as a core Nasdaq holding for anyone still compounding: a plain QQQ position kept more than five percentage points of return over the last twelve months and roughly six over the recent correction round-trip. The cushion and the checks are real, and so is the growth you hand over to earn them.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Omor Ibne Ehsan is a writer at 24/7 Wall St. He is a self-taught investor with a focus on growth and cyclical stocks that have strong fundamentals, value, and long-term potential. He also has an interest in high-risk, high-reward investments such as cryptocurrencies and penny stocks.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
For retirees writing a check to themselves every month, the JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF (NASDAQ:JEPQ) is one of…
The battle between JPMorgan’s two flagship covered-call income ETFs comes down to a simple trade-off: JPMorgan Equity Premium Income ETF…
The JPMorgan Equity Premium Income ETF (NYSEARCA:JEPI) and the JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF (NASDAQ:JEPQ) come from the same…
High income and Nasdaq exposure in a single monthly-paying fund sounds like a compelling combination, and for the right retiree…
JEPQ markets itself as a premium income machine on the Nasdaq-100. The pitch sells. The math is less convincing. Over…
JEPQ pays a 10% yield, owns Nvidia, and keeps climbing alongside the Nasdaq. Before you move your retirement savings in,…
Monthly income is having a moment. Retirees and active income investors are pulling cash from money-market funds yielding less than…
Covered call ETFs advertise eye-catching yields, but the number on the label tells you almost nothing about what you actually…
Income investors own the JPMorgan Nasdaq Equity Premium Income ETF (NASDAQ:JEPQ) for one reason: a Nasdaq-100 portfolio that pays a high monthly…"
47,2026-08-08,"ON Semiconductor Corp (NASDAQ:ON) gave investors plenty of reasons for optimism after delivering stronger-than-expected second-quarter earnings, issuing thir..."
48,2026-08-08,Here's why he thinks the economy is headed for trouble and what to invest in instead.
49,2026-08-08,Daily news and links for Saturday
50,2026-08-08,"On August 4, Tenable Holdings (NASDAQ:TENB) announced that it now covers every major AI platform and developer tool through its Tenable One platform, adding..."
51,2026-08-08,"BREAKING: Dow, S&P 500 At Highs; Warren Buffett's Berkshire Beats

Dow Jones futures will open Sunday evening, along with S&P 500 futures and Nasdaq futures. Iran news will be in focus. Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway reported earnings on Saturday, with Cisco, Lumentum and Applied Materials among the notable companies on tap this coming week. A stock market rally is back in full force, with the S&P 500 and Dow Jones…
Copyright ©2026 Investor's Business Daily, LLC. All rights reserved. 87990cbe856818d5eddac44c7b1cdeb8

8/08/2026
					Berkshire Hathaway earnings rose 16%. The conglomerate is in a buy zone as investors get over their post-Buffett hangover.				

8/08/2026
					Berkshire Hathaway earnings rose 16%. The conglomerate is in a...				
Artificial intelligence can help identify and manage cyber threats, but in the hands of bad actors AI also creates new risks. (© Gary Neill)
Get instant access to exclusive stock lists, expert market analysis and powerful tools with 2 months of IBD Digital for only $20!
Get market updates, educational videos, webinars, and stock analysis.
Learn how you can make more money with IBD's investing tools, top-performing stock lists, and educational content.
Information in Investor’s Business Daily is for informational and educational purposes only and should not be construed as an offer, recommendation, solicitation, or rating to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, but we make no guarantee as to its accuracy, timeliness, or suitability, including with respect to information that appears in closed captioning. Historical investment performances are no indication or guarantee of future success or performance. Authors/presenters may own the stocks they discuss. We make no representations or warranties regarding the advisability of investing in any particular securities or utilizing any specific investment strategies. Information is subject to change without notice. For information on use of our services, please see our Terms of Use.
*Real-time prices by Nasdaq Last Sale. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. Ownership data provided by LSEG and Estimate data provided by FactSet.
IBD, IBD Digital, IBD Live, IBD Weekly, Investor's Business Daily, Leaderboard, MarketDiem, MarketSurge and other marks are trademarks owned by Investor's Business Daily, LLC.
©2026 Investor’s Business Daily, LLC. All Rights Reserved."
52,2026-08-08,"Caterpillar delivered a quarter that its own leadership called historic. Sales topped $20 billion for the first time in company history, and profit per share..."
53,2026-08-08,"LegalZoom.com (NASDAQ:LZ) had one of the roughest weeks in its history, and it happened almost right on top of a product launch. On August 4, the company ann..."
54,2026-08-08,
55,2026-08-08,"Kamina Bashir is a journalist at BeInCrypto, where she reports on token unlocks, exchange listings, emerging crypto metas, global macroeconomic events, and their influence on crypto markets, altcoin season trends, crypto hacks, regulatory developments, and wider digital-asset market shifts.

She has interviewed senior executives from leading global institutions, including Bitget, Polygon, VeChain, Sygnum Bank, Cysic, Immunefi, Horizen, Plume, and others, reflecting her access to high-level industry leaders across exchanges, blockchain infrastructure, cybersecurity, and digital banking.

Kamina holds a Bachelor’s degree in Journalism and is a gold medalist in her MBA in International Business, bringing a strong academic foundation to her reporting and analytical work.

If you have a story you want to discuss, please reach out here: [email protected].
2017 contributions
Wells Fargo chief economist Tom Porcelli is pushing back against market bets on a Federal Reserve (Fed) rate hike, saying he expects the central bank to hold rates through 2026.
His view clashes with a hawkish turn across Wall Street, where several major banks now forecast higher rates. Traders have also sharply lifted their expectations for rate hikes since early summer.
The Fed has held its benchmark rate at 3.50% to 3.75% all year. Yet, pricing for tighter policy has climbed.
On Polymarket, the odds of a 2026 hike sit near 55%. They peaked around 78% in late July before easing this month.
CME FedWatch data tell a similar story. A hold leads the September 16 meeting at 55.6%. However, the odds of a hike rise to 59.2% for October and 77.1% by December.
Follow us on X to get the latest news as it happens
The Street has turned hawkish, too. Bank of America (BofA) forecasts three hikes totalling 75 basis points. In addition, Pacific Investment Management Company (PIMCO) has warned that cuts would prove counterproductive. 
Kansas City Fed’s Jeffrey Schmid has also argued for higher rates. Three policymakers dissented at the July meeting in favor of an increase.
Porcelli disputes the case for action. In an interview with CNBC, he said current inflation stems from tariffs and energy, both of which are supply shocks the Fed cannot address. 
Raising rates would hit growth without curbing those prices, he argued. In his view, 
“Raising rates is not a costless endeavor.”
He pointed to cooling core data. Core Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation runs near 2.5%, and about 2.2% on a three-month annualized basis. That pace sits close to the Fed’s 2% goal.
Porcelli also noted that core CPI and core Personal Consumption Expenditures (PCE) have diverged.
“In terms of the divergence between CPI and PCE is because the weights are different,” he said.
The September 16 Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) decision now looms as the next major test. It will show whether Porcelli’s contrarian call or the market’s hawkish drift proves correct.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel to watch leaders and journalists provide expert insights
Daily Crypto Insights
Insights, news and analysis of the crypto market straight to your inbox
Disclaimer
BeInCrypto is committed to unbiased, transparent reporting. This news article aims to provide accurate, timely information. However, readers are advised to verify facts independently and consult with a professional before making any decisions based on this content. Please note that our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimers have been updated.
BE[IN]CRYPTO x Proof of Talk
Institutional 100 Awards
2026 Winners Revealed
Explore the Night in Photos"
56,2026-08-08,"Grindr (GRND) just told investors that artificial intelligence (AI) now runs through everything it builds. On August 6, CEO George Arison walked through seco..."
57,2026-08-08,"Investing

							AMD's Data Center revenue jumped 57% YoY, driving a base-case projection of $7,657 from a $5,000 investment by 2031.													

							Export controls already cost AMD roughly $800 million in inventory charges, while a P/E of 206 leaves little room for execution stumbles.													

							Lisa Su noted MI450 and Helios customer forecasts exceed initial expectations, with Meta, OpenAI, and Oracle running major GPU deployments.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and AMD didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Advanced Micro Devices
Advanced Micro Devices has become the second most talked-about name in AI silicon, and after a run that has redrawn expectations, investors want to know what comes next. This article models what a $5,000 stake in Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD | AMD Price Prediction) could be worth by 2031, the platform’s five-year horizon, using a live current share price of $488.68. With Data Center revenue now the engine of the story, the five-year outlook is worth a serious look.
Start with the base case. A $5,000 investment in AMD could be worth about $7,657.50 by 2031, a total return of 53.15% over the five-year window. That result maps to a modeled per-share target of $811.81, with the engine assigning a 90% confidence level to the underlying framework. Annualized, that base-case pace works out to roughly 8.9% per year.
Note that this is a projection, not investment advice, and analyst targets are not guarantees.
Analyst consensus sits at $516.12 on a shorter one-year view, with 82% of covering analysts bullish, 18% neutral, and 0% bearish. The five-year modeled path assumes the AI infrastructure buildout continues to translate into share and margin gains at AMD.
1. Data Center is now the engine. In the most recent quarter, AMD’s Data Center segment generated $5.775 billion in revenue, up 57% year over year, with total company revenue of $10.253 billion (up 37.85% YoY) and non-GAAP EPS of $1.37, beating consensus by 5.88%. Guidance for the following quarter calls for revenue near $11.2 billion, implying roughly 46% YoY growth.
2. Marquee AI customer wins. AMD’s pipeline now includes a 6 gigawatt Instinct GPU partnership with Meta, a 6 gigawatt OpenAI GPU deployment, and Oracle’s 27,000-plus node cluster running MI355X accelerators. CEO Lisa Su noted that “Customer engagement around MI450 Series and Helios is strengthening, with leading customer forecasts exceeding our initial expectations.” For long-duration AI exposure that is not chipmaker-only, the Daily Profit team’s 7 Stocks Powering the AI Boom (That Aren’t Chipmakers) report is worth a look as a complementary lens.
3. Model construction. The five-year target blends trailing P/E, forward P/E (built on forward EPS of $6.87), and the analyst consensus, then applies a proprietary factor of 1.128. Tech sector momentum contributes a 1.15 multiplier, and strong earnings acceleration adds another +0.03.
Three items matter most. First, valuation is stretched. AMD trades at a P/E of 206 and a price-to-free-cash-flow ratio of 133.46, which leaves little cushion for execution stumbles. Second, geopolitics remain unresolved. U.S. export controls on MI308 GPUs to China have already produced roughly $800 million in inventory charges in a single quarter, and further tariff or trade restrictions could recur. Third, AMD is a high-beta name at 2.47, meaning drawdowns come faster than the market average. If Nvidia widens its lead, HBM4 supply tightens, or hyperscaler capex cools, the bear path to $474.36 per share becomes the live scenario.
Across the modeled paths, a $5,000 stake in AMD held through 2031 could be worth roughly $4,474.50 in the bear case, $7,657.50 in the base case, or $8,054.00 in the bull case. The base and bull paths lean on Data Center revenue continuing to compound and MI450/Helios ramping into the deployments already announced with Meta, OpenAI, and Oracle. The bear path assumes multiple compression and cyclical air pockets. This is a scenario framework, not a guarantee, and readers should size positions with their own risk tolerance and time horizon in mind.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Joel South covers large-cap stocks, dividend investing, and major market trends, with a focus on earnings analysis, valuation, and turning complex data into actionable insights for investors.
He brings more than 15 years of experience as an investor and financial journalist, including 12 years at The Motley Fool, where he served as an investment analyst, Bureau Chief, and later led the Fool.com investing news desk. He has also co-hosted an investing podcast and appeared across TV and radio discussing market trends.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD | AMD Price Prediction | AMD Price Prediction) is finally getting the AI story it has…
AMD's data center sales exploded while the stock slipped, and retail investors are scratching their heads. Here is why the…
AMD (NASDAQ: AMD | AMD Price Prediction) has a 24/7 Wall St. price target of $600 over the next 12…
AMD just added Microsoft to a customer roster that already includes OpenAI and Meta, and the stock is sitting 8%…
Broadcom's AI revenue is compounding at a pace that has Wall Street running out of superlatives, but a retail investor…
Our Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD | AMD Price Prediction) call sits on a strong analyst tailwind and a stretched multiple.…
A surprise addition to AMD's AI customer roster has analysts scrambling to revise their price targets, and the chipmaker's upcoming…
The 24/7 Wall St. price target for Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD | AMD Price Prediction) is $561.83 over the next…
Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD | AMD Price Prediction) has become the semiconductor story of 2026. Shares are up 152.56% year-to-date,…"
58,2026-08-08,"We may receive a commission on purchases made from links.
Callum Turner is, without a doubt, a star on the rise. Following a run that has included shows like ""Masters of the Air"" and movies like ""Eternity,"" he's poised for breakout status. Currently, Turner is co-headlining the high-concept rom-com ""One Night Only"" alongside Monica Barbaro (""Top Gun: Maverick""). But years before his breakout moment, Turner starred in one of A24's most terrifying horror films and a movie that deserved much better than it got at the time of its release.
The flick in question is director Jeremy Saulnier's ""Green Room,"" which stars Patrick Stewart as a skinhead facing off against a punk band. Yes, as in ""Star Trek"" icon Patrick Stewart. Turner is part of the unlucky punk band.
""Green Room"" follows some down-on-their-luck punk rockers finishing up an unsuccessful tour when they get an unexpected booking at a backwoods club. But what seems like a third-rate gig devolves when the band members witness something backstage that they weren't meant to see. Trapped by the skinheads who run the club, they must face off against its depraved owner, Darcy Banker (Stewart), who will stop at nothing to protect their secrets.
""The skinheads were certainly a part of the punk movement, especially in the 1990s when I was a part of it,"" Saulnier explained in a 2016 interview for ""Green Room"" with /Film. ""I was in the hardcore scene in Virginia, and when we sort of crossed the bridge into Washington D.C., we had shows that were much bigger with a much more eclectic crowd. You had all kinds of different subgenres of punk rockers and hardcore kids, and amongst them was the Nazi skinheads. That was definitely bizarre, that people would be out in bright sunlight during a matinee show, proudly wearing swastikas. That element of danger stuck with me.""
Because ""Green Room"" was inspired by Jeremy Saulnier's real life experiences, the whole thing has an authentic, grounded feel despite how outlandish it gets. Indeed, it's an intimate film that eventually goes off the f***ing rails. It also has a very impressive ensemble that, besides Patrick Stewart and Callum Turner, includes Imogen Poots (""28 Weeks Later""), Alia Shawkat (""Arrested Development""), Joe Cole (""Skins""), and Anton Yelchin (""Star Trek"") in one of his final roles before his untimely passing in 2016.
At the time, Saulnier was coming off of his acclaimed revenge movie ""Blue Ruin."" The film's cast was stacked, its budget was very reasonable at just $5 million, and critics were on its side, with ""Green Room"" boasting a 90% critical approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Everything seemed to be lining up in this movie's favor.
This was, however, long before A24 released record-breaking box office hits like ""Backrooms."" The company was still relatively young and had some growing pains to go through. Because of this, many of its earlier films suffered commercially. (Not that this is unusual for an upstart distributor.) That included ""Green Room,"" which struggled despite generating lots of positive buzz.
""Green Room"" had a slow rollout, opening on just a few screens in April 2016 before expanding wide in May. The problem? It ran right into the summer movie season, which was jam-packed with massive blockbusters like the Marvel Cinematic Universe game-changer that was ""Captain America: Civil War"" (a film that made more than $1 billion at the box office). Saulnier's hardcore horror flick just couldn't cut through the noise, and it failed to crack $1 million on any single weekend. It ultimately finished its theatrical run with a very disappointing $3.8 million worldwide.
The good thing for all concerned parties is that a $5 million film can easily make up the difference, financially speaking, in the post-theatrical market. So, after years of revenue from streaming, VOD, and physical media sales, it seems fair to say A24 probably covered its costs here, especially since ""Green Room"" hasn't been lost to time. On the contrary, as critics continue to champion it, the movie has become something of a cult favorite that's attracted more and more viewers.
Callum Turner got a big break when he was cast in a key role in the ""Fantastic Beasts"" movies, no doubt in part thanks to his performance in this film. Second Sight even released a limited edition 4K Ultra HD version of ""Green Room"" a couple of years ago with lots of bells and whistles, including a 120-page booklet. Needless to say, forgotten movies don't really get the red carpet physical media treatment.
As for Jeremy Saulnier, he's since directed the Netflix chart-topping ""Rebel Ridge,"" a film that was also met with mass critical praise. It became one of Netflix's most-watched movies ever and helped give Saulnier mainstream success. Granted, he generally made very challenging films before that, but it's success he absolutely deserved nonetheless. The larger point is that, despite this movie's initial disappointing commercial reception, everything worked out okay in the end.
That said, in a better world, ""Green Room"" would've been a far bigger hit during its original run. Its brutality isn't for everyone, but it's the sort of original movie people frequently claim they want. Yet, good films are regularly ignored, and this is just one damn fine example. But they don't always have happy, post-theatrical endings.
You can grab ""Green Room"" on Blu-ray or DVD from Amazon."
59,2026-08-08,Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) has drawn significant market attention in 2026 for its custom AI chips. But the company’s August 6 announcement of new VMware vDefend...
60,2026-08-08,"Apple @ Work is exclusively brought to you by Mosyle, the only Apple Unified Platform. Mosyle is the only solution that integrates in a single professional grade platform all the solutions necessary to seamlessly and automatically deploy, manage, and protect Apple devices at work. Over 45,000 organizations trust Mosyle to make millions of Apple devices work ready with no effort and at an affordable cost. Request your EXTENDED TRIAL today and understand why Mosyle is everything you need to work with Apple.
Enterprise computer buying is currently going through an incredibly strange economic cycle. New PC shipment numbers from IDC show a divide across global deployment trends. On the one hand, actual device shipments are down nearly 5% across the industry. On the other side, overall manufacturer revenues are growing because prices are increasing across the board. Component shortages, driven largely by AI data centers (on top of worldwide government deficit spending), are consuming global memory allocations and resulting in major price increases across the industry. Yet, on top of this widespread industry downturn in shipments, Apple stands alone as the only major computer manufacturer posting shipment growth.
About Apple @ Work: Bradley Chambers has been an Apple IT admin since 2009. Through his experience deploying and managing firewalls, switches, a mobile device management system, enterprise grade WiFi, 1000s of Macs, and 1000s of iPads, Bradley will highlight ways in which Apple IT managers deploy Apple devices, build networks to support them, train users, share stories from the trenches of IT management, and ways Apple could improve its products for IT departments.
“The real story here is the disconnect between units and dollars: shipments are falling, but revenue is climbing because vendors are pushing through price increases faster than demand is dropping,” said Jitesh Ubrani, research director for consumer devices at IDC. “Given worsening macro conditions and a memory shortage that isn’t expected to ease until early 2028, we don’t expect another round of inventory pull-forward, which points to a sharp slowdown in growth rates in the second half of 2026. Vendors are bracing for further price hikes into 2027, and channels are already flagging concern about elevated inventory at these higher price points.” 
While enterprise vendors like HP, Dell, and Lenovo all experienced negative unit growth last quarter, Apple pulled a 10% spike in shipments. A quick glance at the market might lead you to believe this growth is only attributable to the MacBook Neo, but it’s more nuanced than that. In my opinion, Tim Cook’s greatest contribution to Apple is how well ran its supply chains are. Apple was one of the last manufacturers to raise its prices. Yes, the Neo is playing its part, but it’s definitely more than that.
What I am thinking about for enterprise buyers in the coming year boils down to Neo vs. Air. Said another way: lower cost on a shorter refresh cycle or a higher cost on a longer one?
In the 2010s, I aimed for 3-year refresh cycles. Today, with Apple’s success with the M series chips, I’ve moved to a 4-year plan. Today, the sheer longevity of Apple Silicon has safely stretched that window to 4 years or more. A four-year-old M1 MacBook Air equipped with a fresh battery would be an incredibly snappy, secure, and capable enterprise machine. In fact, that is what I see the Neo as.
When buying hardware intended to run in production for a full 4-year cycle, using a true entry-level product carries substantial operational risk for the buyer. If you go with the first-generation Neo and it craps out after 2.5 years, the buyer looks really bad.   Today, no IT administrator is getting fired for deploying an M5 MacBook Air
What I think might be on the horizon as well is a 4-5 year”ish” refresh cycle. IT teams will likely try to extend lifecycles to offset rising hardware costs, provided Apple maintains its exceptional track record of supporting older chips with major macOS updates. The ultimate deciding factor will not be the physical hardware durability, but rather the local software requirements. If enterprise applications evolve to a point where they absolutely mandate raw neural processing power for local LLM/AI usage, this trend might reverse.
Component price pressures are not going away anytime soon. When planning your next hardware refresh, do not compromise on base memory configurations just to save a few dollars upfront. Right now, I believe it’s better to buy a MacBook Air with a proven enterprise footprint to ensure your fleet remains useful for the long haul. I’ll revisit the Neo as new generations roll out, but I really do believe that. IDC shows that Apple is still growing, and with price increases across the board, I believe It is better positioned to sell to enterprise IT than any other vendor.
Apple @ Work is exclusively brought to you by Mosyle, the only Apple Unified Platform. Mosyle is the only solution that integrates in a single professional grade platform all the solutions necessary to seamlessly and automatically deploy, manage, and protect Apple devices at work. Over 45,000 organizations trust Mosyle to make millions of Apple devices work ready with no effort and at an affordable cost. Request your EXTENDED TRIAL today and understand why Mosyle is everything you need to work with Apple.
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Apple @ Work is a 9to5Mac series where Bradley C…
Bradley has worked at K-12 independent schools for much of the last 20 years, serving as the head of the information technology department and leading classroom technology integration. He’s well-versed in enterprise Wi-Fi, macOS and iOS system management, school technology, and SaaS tools.

										Upgrade your home security with wireless cameras that includes HomeKit compatibility.									

										Abode is the best home security system and includes compatibility with HomeKit.									"
61,2026-08-08,"MFA Financial NYSE: MFA reported second-quarter 2026 results marked by stable book value, portfolio growth and accelerated resolution of delinquent loans, while realized credit losses continued to weigh on distributable earnings.


Chief Executive Officer Craig Knutson said the company delivered a 2.6% total economic return for the quarter and maintained its common dividend at $0.36 per share. Economic book value was essentially unchanged during the period, even as market conditions included higher interest rates and a flatter Treasury yield curve.


“We are converting unproductive assets back into earning capital,” Knutson said of the company’s efforts to resolve delinquent loans. “We’re doing it faster.”

Get MFA Financial alerts:Sign UpBook Value, Earnings and Expenses
Chief Financial Officer Michael Roper said GAAP book value at June 30 was $12.71 per share, while economic book value was $13.20 per share, both effectively unchanged from the end of the first quarter.

GAAP net income totaled approximately $46.8 million, or $0.35 per basic common share. Net interest income, including TBA dollar roll income, rose modestly to $59.6 million from $59.2 million in the first quarter. Mortgage banking income at Lima One increased to $8.4 million as origination activity expanded.

Distributable earnings were $12.2 million, or $0.12 per share, reflecting $24.5 million of realized credit losses on fair-value loans as MFA resolved about $200 million of previously delinquent assets. Roper said distributable earnings recognize losses at the time assets are resolved, whereas the related economics had already been reflected in earlier GAAP results and book value marks.

Excluding realized credit losses, distributable earnings were $36.7 million, or $0.35 per share, compared with $0.34 per share in the prior quarter. Roper noted that first-quarter results included about $0.03 per share of a nonrecurring gain related to the early termination of the lease at MFA’s former corporate headquarters. Excluding that item, distributable earnings before realized credit losses increased by $0.04 per share sequentially.

General and administrative expenses totaled $31.2 million, including roughly $5 million of accelerated non-cash depreciation associated with the former headquarters. Those assets are now fully depreciated. MFA expects quarterly run-rate G&A expenses of approximately $26 million to $27 million for the rest of 2026, down more than $6 million from the company’s 2024 quarterly average of $33 million.

Subsequent to quarter-end, Roper said MFA estimated its economic book value had declined about 2%, driven by higher market interest rates and modestly wider spreads.

Portfolio Expansion and Credit Resolution
MFA’s investment portfolio ended the quarter at approximately $13 billion, up from $12.5 billion at March 31 and roughly 20% above its level a year earlier. Growth was concentrated in agency mortgage-backed securities, which Chief Investment Officer Bryan Wulfsohn said remain an attractive complement to the company’s credit assets.


The Non-QM portfolio remained MFA’s largest asset class at $5.7 billion. The company acquired $462 million of Non-QM loans with an average coupon of 6.9% and loan-to-value ratio of 67%.
MFA issued its 24th Non-QM securitization, selling nearly $300 million of bonds at an average cost of just over 5.5%.
The company purchased more than $700 million of agency bonds, growing the agency portfolio to $4.1 billion.
MFA also increased its TBA position by nearly $500 million and said it may continue rolling the position if market conditions remain favorable.

Wulfsohn said MFA added $1.6 billion of target assets during the quarter at expected returns on equity in the mid-teens. The company also re-securitized more than $500 million of single-family rental loans after calling three previous issuances, unlocking $48 million of cash and financing capacity while reducing mark-to-market recourse leverage.

The company’s 60-plus-day loan delinquency rate declined to 7.0% from 7.8% in the first quarter. MFA resolved approximately $65 million of delinquent legacy multifamily loans, reducing that portfolio to $360 million, less than half its size a year earlier. Multifamily transitional loans represented 2% of the investment portfolio at quarter-end.

During the question-and-answer session, Wulfsohn said MFA expects to resolve the remaining legacy multifamily portfolio over “a few quarters.” He said the material credit losses associated with those assets are expected primarily in the next quarter.

Roper said realized credit losses are expected to remain elevated in the third quarter, though below the second-quarter level, before moderating significantly toward year-end and during the first half of 2027. He said MFA expects distributable earnings to begin reconverging with its common dividend as credit losses return to more normalized levels.

Lima One Originations Gain Momentum
Lima One origination volume increased 44% from the first quarter to $316 million. That total included $220 million of new short-term transitional loans and $96 million of 30-year rental loans.

Wulfsohn said the company has focused more on ground-up construction financing because of opportunities for investors in higher-priced housing markets, in addition to bridge lending. He said recent Lima One loan vintages have shown meaningfully better delinquency performance than earlier production.

MFA attributed the increase in activity to investments in technology, changes to underwriting processes and a rebuilt sales force. Wulfsohn said Lima One’s pipeline had reached levels not seen since 2024 and that submissions were strong in July. While he expects further growth in the third quarter, he cautioned that the increase may not match the sequential jump reported in the second quarter because of seasonal factors.

MFA also repurchased more than 500,000 common shares during the quarter at what Knutson described as a significant discount to economic book value. The repurchases were funded largely through preferred-stock issuance under the company’s at-the-market program.About MFA Financial (NYSE:MFA)MFA Financial, Inc, headquartered in New York City, is a real estate investment trust that specializes in investing in residential mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities. The company's primary objective is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns through net interest income and capital appreciation. As a mortgage REIT, MFA Financial focuses on constructing a diversified portfolio of agency and non-agency residential mortgage assets, leveraging its expertise in acquiring, financing and servicing mortgage products.

MFA Financial's investment portfolio encompasses a wide range of mortgage instruments, including adjustable-rate and fixed-rate mortgage loans, interest-only securities, and agency mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by government-sponsored entities.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in MFA Financial Right Now?Before you consider MFA Financial, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and MFA Financial wasn't on the list.While MFA Financial currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Best Space Stocks to Own in 2026The space race is growing fast, and you don’t have to have gotten in early on SpaceX to profit. This report shows seven space stocks you can buy today that may grow as rockets, satellites, defense, space internet, and new space technology become more important.Get This Free Report

Chief Financial Officer Michael Roper said GAAP book value at June 30 was $12.71 per share, while economic book value was $13.20 per share, both effectively unchanged from the end of the first quarter.


GAAP net income totaled approximately $46.8 million, or $0.35 per basic common share. Net interest income, including TBA dollar roll income, rose modestly to $59.6 million from $59.2 million in the first quarter. Mortgage banking income at Lima One increased to $8.4 million as origination activity expanded.


Distributable earnings were $12.2 million, or $0.12 per share, reflecting $24.5 million of realized credit losses on fair-value loans as MFA resolved about $200 million of previously delinquent assets. Roper said distributable earnings recognize losses at the time assets are resolved, whereas the related economics had already been reflected in earlier GAAP results and book value marks.


Excluding realized credit losses, distributable earnings were $36.7 million, or $0.35 per share, compared with $0.34 per share in the prior quarter. Roper noted that first-quarter results included about $0.03 per share of a nonrecurring gain related to the early termination of the lease at MFA’s former corporate headquarters. Excluding that item, distributable earnings before realized credit losses increased by $0.04 per share sequentially.


General and administrative expenses totaled $31.2 million, including roughly $5 million of accelerated non-cash depreciation associated with the former headquarters. Those assets are now fully depreciated. MFA expects quarterly run-rate G&A expenses of approximately $26 million to $27 million for the rest of 2026, down more than $6 million from the company’s 2024 quarterly average of $33 million.


Subsequent to quarter-end, Roper said MFA estimated its economic book value had declined about 2%, driven by higher market interest rates and modestly wider spreads.

Portfolio Expansion and Credit Resolution
MFA’s investment portfolio ended the quarter at approximately $13 billion, up from $12.5 billion at March 31 and roughly 20% above its level a year earlier. Growth was concentrated in agency mortgage-backed securities, which Chief Investment Officer Bryan Wulfsohn said remain an attractive complement to the company’s credit assets.


The Non-QM portfolio remained MFA’s largest asset class at $5.7 billion. The company acquired $462 million of Non-QM loans with an average coupon of 6.9% and loan-to-value ratio of 67%.
MFA issued its 24th Non-QM securitization, selling nearly $300 million of bonds at an average cost of just over 5.5%.
The company purchased more than $700 million of agency bonds, growing the agency portfolio to $4.1 billion.
MFA also increased its TBA position by nearly $500 million and said it may continue rolling the position if market conditions remain favorable.

Wulfsohn said MFA added $1.6 billion of target assets during the quarter at expected returns on equity in the mid-teens. The company also re-securitized more than $500 million of single-family rental loans after calling three previous issuances, unlocking $48 million of cash and financing capacity while reducing mark-to-market recourse leverage.

The company’s 60-plus-day loan delinquency rate declined to 7.0% from 7.8% in the first quarter. MFA resolved approximately $65 million of delinquent legacy multifamily loans, reducing that portfolio to $360 million, less than half its size a year earlier. Multifamily transitional loans represented 2% of the investment portfolio at quarter-end.

During the question-and-answer session, Wulfsohn said MFA expects to resolve the remaining legacy multifamily portfolio over “a few quarters.” He said the material credit losses associated with those assets are expected primarily in the next quarter.

Roper said realized credit losses are expected to remain elevated in the third quarter, though below the second-quarter level, before moderating significantly toward year-end and during the first half of 2027. He said MFA expects distributable earnings to begin reconverging with its common dividend as credit losses return to more normalized levels.

Lima One Originations Gain Momentum
Lima One origination volume increased 44% from the first quarter to $316 million. That total included $220 million of new short-term transitional loans and $96 million of 30-year rental loans.

Wulfsohn said the company has focused more on ground-up construction financing because of opportunities for investors in higher-priced housing markets, in addition to bridge lending. He said recent Lima One loan vintages have shown meaningfully better delinquency performance than earlier production.

MFA attributed the increase in activity to investments in technology, changes to underwriting processes and a rebuilt sales force. Wulfsohn said Lima One’s pipeline had reached levels not seen since 2024 and that submissions were strong in July. While he expects further growth in the third quarter, he cautioned that the increase may not match the sequential jump reported in the second quarter because of seasonal factors.

MFA also repurchased more than 500,000 common shares during the quarter at what Knutson described as a significant discount to economic book value. The repurchases were funded largely through preferred-stock issuance under the company’s at-the-market program.About MFA Financial (NYSE:MFA)MFA Financial, Inc, headquartered in New York City, is a real estate investment trust that specializes in investing in residential mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities. The company's primary objective is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns through net interest income and capital appreciation. As a mortgage REIT, MFA Financial focuses on constructing a diversified portfolio of agency and non-agency residential mortgage assets, leveraging its expertise in acquiring, financing and servicing mortgage products.

MFA Financial's investment portfolio encompasses a wide range of mortgage instruments, including adjustable-rate and fixed-rate mortgage loans, interest-only securities, and agency mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by government-sponsored entities.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in MFA Financial Right Now?Before you consider MFA Financial, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and MFA Financial wasn't on the list.While MFA Financial currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Best Space Stocks to Own in 2026The space race is growing fast, and you don’t have to have gotten in early on SpaceX to profit. This report shows seven space stocks you can buy today that may grow as rockets, satellites, defense, space internet, and new space technology become more important.Get This Free Report

MFA’s investment portfolio ended the quarter at approximately $13 billion, up from $12.5 billion at March 31 and roughly 20% above its level a year earlier. Growth was concentrated in agency mortgage-backed securities, which Chief Investment Officer Bryan Wulfsohn said remain an attractive complement to the company’s credit assets.


The Non-QM portfolio remained MFA’s largest asset class at $5.7 billion. The company acquired $462 million of Non-QM loans with an average coupon of 6.9% and loan-to-value ratio of 67%.
MFA issued its 24th Non-QM securitization, selling nearly $300 million of bonds at an average cost of just over 5.5%.
The company purchased more than $700 million of agency bonds, growing the agency portfolio to $4.1 billion.
MFA also increased its TBA position by nearly $500 million and said it may continue rolling the position if market conditions remain favorable.

Wulfsohn said MFA added $1.6 billion of target assets during the quarter at expected returns on equity in the mid-teens. The company also re-securitized more than $500 million of single-family rental loans after calling three previous issuances, unlocking $48 million of cash and financing capacity while reducing mark-to-market recourse leverage.

The company’s 60-plus-day loan delinquency rate declined to 7.0% from 7.8% in the first quarter. MFA resolved approximately $65 million of delinquent legacy multifamily loans, reducing that portfolio to $360 million, less than half its size a year earlier. Multifamily transitional loans represented 2% of the investment portfolio at quarter-end.

During the question-and-answer session, Wulfsohn said MFA expects to resolve the remaining legacy multifamily portfolio over “a few quarters.” He said the material credit losses associated with those assets are expected primarily in the next quarter.

Roper said realized credit losses are expected to remain elevated in the third quarter, though below the second-quarter level, before moderating significantly toward year-end and during the first half of 2027. He said MFA expects distributable earnings to begin reconverging with its common dividend as credit losses return to more normalized levels.

Lima One Originations Gain Momentum
Lima One origination volume increased 44% from the first quarter to $316 million. That total included $220 million of new short-term transitional loans and $96 million of 30-year rental loans.

Wulfsohn said the company has focused more on ground-up construction financing because of opportunities for investors in higher-priced housing markets, in addition to bridge lending. He said recent Lima One loan vintages have shown meaningfully better delinquency performance than earlier production.

MFA attributed the increase in activity to investments in technology, changes to underwriting processes and a rebuilt sales force. Wulfsohn said Lima One’s pipeline had reached levels not seen since 2024 and that submissions were strong in July. While he expects further growth in the third quarter, he cautioned that the increase may not match the sequential jump reported in the second quarter because of seasonal factors.

MFA also repurchased more than 500,000 common shares during the quarter at what Knutson described as a significant discount to economic book value. The repurchases were funded largely through preferred-stock issuance under the company’s at-the-market program.About MFA Financial (NYSE:MFA)MFA Financial, Inc, headquartered in New York City, is a real estate investment trust that specializes in investing in residential mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities. The company's primary objective is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns through net interest income and capital appreciation. As a mortgage REIT, MFA Financial focuses on constructing a diversified portfolio of agency and non-agency residential mortgage assets, leveraging its expertise in acquiring, financing and servicing mortgage products.

MFA Financial's investment portfolio encompasses a wide range of mortgage instruments, including adjustable-rate and fixed-rate mortgage loans, interest-only securities, and agency mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by government-sponsored entities.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in MFA Financial Right Now?Before you consider MFA Financial, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and MFA Financial wasn't on the list.While MFA Financial currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Best Space Stocks to Own in 2026The space race is growing fast, and you don’t have to have gotten in early on SpaceX to profit. This report shows seven space stocks you can buy today that may grow as rockets, satellites, defense, space internet, and new space technology become more important.Get This Free Report

Wulfsohn said MFA added $1.6 billion of target assets during the quarter at expected returns on equity in the mid-teens. The company also re-securitized more than $500 million of single-family rental loans after calling three previous issuances, unlocking $48 million of cash and financing capacity while reducing mark-to-market recourse leverage.


The company’s 60-plus-day loan delinquency rate declined to 7.0% from 7.8% in the first quarter. MFA resolved approximately $65 million of delinquent legacy multifamily loans, reducing that portfolio to $360 million, less than half its size a year earlier. Multifamily transitional loans represented 2% of the investment portfolio at quarter-end.


During the question-and-answer session, Wulfsohn said MFA expects to resolve the remaining legacy multifamily portfolio over “a few quarters.” He said the material credit losses associated with those assets are expected primarily in the next quarter.


Roper said realized credit losses are expected to remain elevated in the third quarter, though below the second-quarter level, before moderating significantly toward year-end and during the first half of 2027. He said MFA expects distributable earnings to begin reconverging with its common dividend as credit losses return to more normalized levels.

Lima One Originations Gain Momentum
Lima One origination volume increased 44% from the first quarter to $316 million. That total included $220 million of new short-term transitional loans and $96 million of 30-year rental loans.

Wulfsohn said the company has focused more on ground-up construction financing because of opportunities for investors in higher-priced housing markets, in addition to bridge lending. He said recent Lima One loan vintages have shown meaningfully better delinquency performance than earlier production.

MFA attributed the increase in activity to investments in technology, changes to underwriting processes and a rebuilt sales force. Wulfsohn said Lima One’s pipeline had reached levels not seen since 2024 and that submissions were strong in July. While he expects further growth in the third quarter, he cautioned that the increase may not match the sequential jump reported in the second quarter because of seasonal factors.

MFA also repurchased more than 500,000 common shares during the quarter at what Knutson described as a significant discount to economic book value. The repurchases were funded largely through preferred-stock issuance under the company’s at-the-market program.About MFA Financial (NYSE:MFA)MFA Financial, Inc, headquartered in New York City, is a real estate investment trust that specializes in investing in residential mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities. The company's primary objective is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns through net interest income and capital appreciation. As a mortgage REIT, MFA Financial focuses on constructing a diversified portfolio of agency and non-agency residential mortgage assets, leveraging its expertise in acquiring, financing and servicing mortgage products.

MFA Financial's investment portfolio encompasses a wide range of mortgage instruments, including adjustable-rate and fixed-rate mortgage loans, interest-only securities, and agency mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by government-sponsored entities.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in MFA Financial Right Now?Before you consider MFA Financial, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and MFA Financial wasn't on the list.While MFA Financial currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Best Space Stocks to Own in 2026The space race is growing fast, and you don’t have to have gotten in early on SpaceX to profit. This report shows seven space stocks you can buy today that may grow as rockets, satellites, defense, space internet, and new space technology become more important.Get This Free Report

Lima One origination volume increased 44% from the first quarter to $316 million. That total included $220 million of new short-term transitional loans and $96 million of 30-year rental loans.


Wulfsohn said the company has focused more on ground-up construction financing because of opportunities for investors in higher-priced housing markets, in addition to bridge lending. He said recent Lima One loan vintages have shown meaningfully better delinquency performance than earlier production.


MFA attributed the increase in activity to investments in technology, changes to underwriting processes and a rebuilt sales force. Wulfsohn said Lima One’s pipeline had reached levels not seen since 2024 and that submissions were strong in July. While he expects further growth in the third quarter, he cautioned that the increase may not match the sequential jump reported in the second quarter because of seasonal factors.


MFA also repurchased more than 500,000 common shares during the quarter at what Knutson described as a significant discount to economic book value. The repurchases were funded largely through preferred-stock issuance under the company’s at-the-market program.About MFA Financial (NYSE:MFA)MFA Financial, Inc, headquartered in New York City, is a real estate investment trust that specializes in investing in residential mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities. The company's primary objective is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns through net interest income and capital appreciation. As a mortgage REIT, MFA Financial focuses on constructing a diversified portfolio of agency and non-agency residential mortgage assets, leveraging its expertise in acquiring, financing and servicing mortgage products.

MFA Financial's investment portfolio encompasses a wide range of mortgage instruments, including adjustable-rate and fixed-rate mortgage loans, interest-only securities, and agency mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by government-sponsored entities.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in MFA Financial Right Now?Before you consider MFA Financial, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and MFA Financial wasn't on the list.While MFA Financial currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Best Space Stocks to Own in 2026The space race is growing fast, and you don’t have to have gotten in early on SpaceX to profit. This report shows seven space stocks you can buy today that may grow as rockets, satellites, defense, space internet, and new space technology become more important.Get This Free Report

MFA Financial, Inc, headquartered in New York City, is a real estate investment trust that specializes in investing in residential mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities. The company's primary objective is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns through net interest income and capital appreciation. As a mortgage REIT, MFA Financial focuses on constructing a diversified portfolio of agency and non-agency residential mortgage assets, leveraging its expertise in acquiring, financing and servicing mortgage products.


MFA Financial's investment portfolio encompasses a wide range of mortgage instruments, including adjustable-rate and fixed-rate mortgage loans, interest-only securities, and agency mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by government-sponsored entities.
This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.
Before you consider MFA Financial, you'll want to hear this.
MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and MFA Financial wasn't on the list.
While MFA Financial currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.
View The Five Stocks Here 
The space race is growing fast, and you don’t have to have gotten in early on SpaceX to profit. This report shows seven space stocks you can buy today that may grow as rockets, satellites, defense, space internet, and new space technology become more important.
Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools and reports.
Featured By

                                        345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103
                                        
                                        contact@marketbeat.com
                                        
                                        (844) 978-6257
                                    
© MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved.

                                © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided by Massive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see Barchart's disclaimer. 

My Account - 
"
62,2026-08-08,"Investing

							Abel snapped Berkshire's 14-quarter net-selling streak by deploying $20 billion more into equities than he sold and ramping buybacks to $4.5 billion in Q2 2026.													

							Alphabet surged 224% in Berkshire's portfolio in a single quarter to claim the 5th-largest spot, anchored by a $10 billion AI infrastructure investment.													

							Apple's portfolio share collapsed from over 50% at its peak to just 20%, while Bank of America was trimmed nearly in half since mid-2024.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Berkshire Hathaway didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© 24/7 Wall St.

Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A | BRK-A Price Prediction)(NYSE:BRK-B) has been the poster child for that patience — building the largest cash pile in its history rather than chasing a market that Warren Buffett openly said he found too expensive. That patience just ended.
Berkshire ended the first quarter of 2026 with $397.4 billion in cash and Treasury bills, a record and the culmination of a strategy Buffett began years earlier and Greg Abel continued after taking over as CEO on January 1. Between 2022 and 2024 alone, Berkshire sold a net $172.9 billion more in stocks than it bought. That selling didn’t stop when Abel took the reins — it accelerated into a streak of 14 consecutive quarters as a net seller of equities, one of the longest such stretches in Berkshire’s history.
This morning’s second-quarter earnings release broke that streak. Berkshire’s cash position fell to $365.5 billion, and for the first time in more than three years, Abel was a net buyer of stocks — purchasing roughly $20 billion more in equities than he sold. Berkshire also stepped up share buybacks to $4.5 billion for the quarter, a sharp jump from the token $235 million spent in Q1.
The portfolio shift shows up most clearly in what Berkshire owns. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) once accounted for more than half of Berkshire’s equity portfolio at its peak. Today, Apple represents just 20% of the $355 billion portfolio — still the largest position, but no longer the dominant one. Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) tells a similar story in reverse gear. Buffett left the stock untouched for years after first buying it in 2011, watching it grow into his second-largest holding. Since the middle of 2024, Berkshire has cut the position nearly in half, offloading roughly 519 million shares. Bank of America now sits at $32.49 billion, or 9.1% of the portfolio — Berkshire’s fourth-largest position.
Alphabet is the newest name on that list, and it didn’t get there by accident. Berkshire revealed a $10 billion investment in Alphabet earlier this year, earmarked to help fund the company’s AI infrastructure buildout, and it’s fast becoming an Abel favorite. Berkshire’s Alphabet stake grew 224% in Abel’s first quarter alone, expanding from 17.8 million shares at the end of 2025 to nearly 58 million shares in Q1. Buffett has said he personally initiated the position, but Abel is the one who decided how far to run with it.
Granted, one quarter of net buying doesn’t undo three years of net selling — Berkshire still holds $365.5 billion in dry powder, plenty to fund another Alphabet-sized bet or absorb a real market pullback. That said, the signal here matters more than its size. Abel has shown he’ll deploy capital when he sees value, and Alphabet’s rise into the top five holdings — alongside a stepped-up buyback pace — suggests he’s done waiting. 
For shareholders, that’s the clearest sign yet that Berkshire’s multiyear defensive crouch is giving way to something more offensive. In the end, that’s a reason for smart investors to keep paying attention to what Abel buys next.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
After two decades of patrolling the dark corners of suburbia as a police officer, Rich Duprey hung up his badge and gun to begin writing full time about stocks and investing. For the past 20 years he’s been cruising the markets looking for companies to lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio while writing extensively on the broad sectors of consumer goods, technology, and industrials. Because his experience isn’t from the typical financial analyst track, Rich is able to break down complex topics into understandable and useful action points for the average investor. His writings have appeared on The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, Yahoo! Finance, and Money Morning. He has been featured in both U.S. and international publications, including MarketWatch, Financial Times, Forbes, Fast Company, and USA Today.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
When Warren Buffett officially retired on December 31, 2025, it marked the end of a six-decade era at Berkshire Hathaway.…
Warren Buffett sold more stock than he bought for 13 quarters before Greg Abel came in. The result sits on…
Greg Abel officially took the helm at Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-B | BRK-B Price Prediction) on January 1, 2026, inheriting a…
Warren Buffett does not hand out personal endorsements of his money manager every day. That makes the line he delivered…
Cash is suddenly king again on Wall Street. With recession fears lingering, interest rates still elevated, and consumers showing signs…
At 95, Warren Buffett just revealed he personally drove one of Berkshire's most surprising recent bets, and his explanation raises…
Legendary investor Warren Buffett has been steadily unloading stocks at Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A | BRK-A Price Prediction)(NYSE:BRK-B) while amassing a…
Warren Buffett’s remarkable success over six decades has turned Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A | BRK-A Price Prediction)(NYSE:BRK-B) into a phenomenon with…
For nearly 60 years, investors have measured themselves against one benchmark: Warren Buffett. Since taking control of Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A)(NYSE:BRK-B)…
"
63,2026-08-08,"In a surprise to analysts, the United States economy lost jobs last month, per the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS). Economists polled by Bloomberg expected the economy to gain 80,000 jobs, and July’s Current Employment Statistics (CES) survey indicates that we lost 23,000 instead. Any jobs figure from the previous month should always be presented with the caveat that it will be revised later, due to the nature of how this survey is conducted. It’s more complex than this, but put simply: larger firms have more resources and time to respond to this government survey, while smaller businesses do not and typically report late. Every new jobs report contains revisions to past ones, and for July, the BLS also noted that “With these revisions, employment in May and June combined is 103,000 lower than previously reported.”
Another important caveat to note is that the genesis of this data comes from businesses filling out a survey and sending it back to the BLS, and response rates have dipped from around 70% before 2020 to around 60% today. There is simply less data in the jobs data than there was before, and any good statistician can tell you what happens when you have less data: more variance. It’s not that it’s filled with lies or voodoo accounting, but that the methodology of the CES can lead to big swings in the data before it settles on a final figure because many of your local mom and pop shops probably haven’t filled out their July survey yet.
This nature of inherently incomplete monthly jobs reports and their repeated downward revisions was what had Trump fuming last year after he fired the head of the BLS and tried and failed to put in an unqualified hack into one of the country’s most important jobs, and he no doubt is upset again today at being defeated by one of the few books he’s had access to that he has not cooked. The market is taking today’s news as a splash of cold water on the concept of near-term Fed rate hikes, but not a jobs crisis. Despite its warts I will get into at the end of this article, the jobs market has actually looked pretty solid before this week’s bad report, with many experts like Natixis chief economist Chris Hodge looking at many months of data and concluding that “This is a labor market that is exhibiting stability but not heat.” 
The two-year U.S. Treasury yield, typically the one most sensitive to Fed policy, is down a little over 1% as I write this. A significant move but nothing out of the ordinary, especially given the volatility Trump has unleashed in debt markets since he spiked the price of oil by losing a war to Iran’s third stringers. Yields on Treasuries across the board are down on the news of this report, down more at the short end of the yield curve around the one-year U.S. Treasury yield, a reflection bond traders getting spooked in the opposite direction of where Trump’s new Fed Chair toady scared them last week.
Trump stooge and alleged economics knower Kevin Hassett went on state TV today to do his best Kevin Bacon in Animal House routine and tell markets that all is well. This is not how this works, Kevin. Teachers don’t get fired at the end of every school year then rehired two months later.
Hassett on why the economy lost 50,000 government jobs: “It was one of those weird seasonal things. Because there was a lot of snow in the winter, a lot of schools had to stay open longer for the snow days, so the teachers got laid off in July instead of the end of June. Heheheh.”
[image or embed]
— Aaron Rupar (@atrupar.com) August 7, 2026 at 8:18 AM

It’s a funny thing to say given how close he is to making a real point rooted in common knowledge I was taught in my introductory finance classes, and this clip is a great example of how supposed economic knowers like Hassett are entirely devoted to telling familiar lies Trump’s rotting brain can understand over existing in anything resembling objective reality. There are seasonal job losses based around school closures, as bus drivers, maintenance crew, kitchen staff, and lots of other supplemental jobs lose their work for the summer after the kids go home. But that annual routine is already baked into the model because it is often written into their contracts, while teachers are signed year-round. 
The good news for Trump that does make this more complex than just a negative headline jobs number is that the unemployment rate went down, from 4.2% to 4.1%. I know a lot of people in Will Stancil’s mentions will see “lost jobs” in this headline and use it to buttress their case that we’re in month 37 of a deep recession the media won’t tell you about, but the jobs data you may be citing to make the case we are in Great Depression 2 is telling you that the headline figure does not remotely tell the entire story here.
“In July, employment in health care continued its upward trend (+22,000) but at a slower pace than the average monthly gain over the prior 12 months (+36,000),” wrote the BLS. The doomers do have a point in that ever since Trump launched his trade war last April, job growth is concentrated in just a couple industries, especially healthcare as the largest generation of the 20th century ages into retirement, while many other industries have seen little to no job growth. But again, it’s not easy to write a neat summary of what’s going on here, as the BLS noted that “Among the unemployed, the number of people on temporary layoff increased by 153,000 to 921,000 in July. The number of permanent job losers changed little at 1.7 million.”
I’m going to tag in someone sitting in front of a Bloomberg Terminal who knows far more about finance than I do to explain why there are likely serious issues with the CES numbers under the hood, in large part because they contradict the mild uptick in actual unemployment claims, macro economist George Pearkes.
Disaster CES print, really bad. Household numbers look COMPLETELY different.
I think CES is running into major sampling issues, there’s just no way July jobless claims plunged as hard as they did with a negative job creation number. They’re just completely inconsistent.
— George Pearkes (@peark.es) August 7, 2026 at 6:31 AM

Under the hood, warehouse clubs/supercenters/etc cut 20k+ employees MoM…one of the larger industry job losses. I am confident that number is wrong.
Bars and restaurants were another standout, -26.1k MoM. Hard to believe as well but at least possible.
Final notable: state/local education -49k
— George Pearkes (@peark.es) August 7, 2026 at 6:34 AM

Estimated numbers of people permanently laid off and in slack work conditions are also completely inconsistent with CES data.
[image or embed]
— George Pearkes (@peark.es) August 7, 2026 at 6:50 AM

The National Women’s Law Center (NWLC) analysis of the report found that “women accounted for 100 percent of the decline in the labor force in July,” which is one of those kinds of figures that is both true and doesn’t tell the whole story, and it opens up a whole can of worms that I think actually does lead us towards an explanation for this mess that goes beyond lower CES response rates and the reasonable doubt they bring with them.
“A total of 165,000 women, aged 20 and over, left the labor force last month—meaning they are neither working nor looking for work—while men’s labor force participation was unchanged,” writes the NWLC. “Overall, the economy lost 23,000 jobs in July. Women accounted for all of these losses, losing 32,000 jobs, while men gained 9,000 jobs. Women make up 50.1% of the workforce.” All these figures are correct, but this is a good example of how this month’s data tells a strange story that frankly doesn’t really make much sense.
Women actually gained 11,000 jobs in the private sector last month, as Table B-5 demonstrates, and you can parse that out and find most of those increases concentrated in the typical gainers like healthcare. Government jobs are where these steep losses come from, as they were down 43,000 women from June. That’s where the accurate NWLC net 32,000 loss figure is derived, but separating it out like this demonstrates how noisy this data is and how throwing all women into one jobs bucket is just not a good way to tell the whole story. BLS data suggests that women comprised 58.4% of all government employees in July, so the jobs lost in local government education are entirely responsible for women’s job losses last month, and this narrative cannot be extrapolated on to the private sector.
Bill Adams, chief U.S. economist at Fifth Third Commercial Bank pointed to the nearly 50,000 total jobs lost in local government education as a “wonky seasonal adjustment fluke” that is rooted in “big swings that come every year in the summer months,” which is a more developed version of the lobotomized story Hassett told. It’s very possible this negative headline jobs figure is just wrong, partially rooted in a borked local government job loss figure that will be revised upwards in the coming months.
But arguing about a flawed one-month snapshot of the labor market I think misses the larger picture this confusing puzzle piece does actually fit into. We’re focused on the numerator in the unemployment rate, the number of unemployed people, but there’s a more developed story unfolding in the denominator, the labor force.

Fed Chair Jerome Powell said last year that Trump’s immigration policies are hurting job growth more than tariffs, and the Dallas Federal Reserve wrote a compelling research paper last October about the break-even employment rate plummeting under Trump’s crackdown (break-even employment is the number of new jobs needed to keep the unemployment rate steady). This chart above is from Anton Cheremukhin, Daniel Wilson and Xiaoqing Zhou’s newest research published at the Dallas Fed at the end of March, and it demonstrates how we really are in a different economy that needs far fewer new jobs to maintain the unemployment rate than the one under Joe Biden. As much as the human rights abuses should be front and center in critiques of Trump’s war on people with more melanin in their skin than Stephen Miller, there have been dramatic economic consequences to his immigration policies, and they are directly tied to the nonstop tepid jobs reports driving him mad.
“The break-even rate peaked at about 250,000 jobs per month in 2023, fell to roughly 10,000 by July 2025, and declined to near zero thereafter, averaging about -3,000 jobs per month from August to December 2025,” wrote the Dallas Fed. “indicating, if anything, a modest net jobs loss over this period.”
This is where you would see the impact of the 165,000 women aged 20 and over leaving the labor force last month, as it lowers the number of jobs needed to keep the unemployment rate steady with fewer people out looking for work (assuming that figure is not a “fluke”). This is how we can live in a world where we lose jobs and the unemployment rate goes down. That actually logically tracks along the trend of break-even employment growth turning negative. This illogic is simply just Trumponomics in action.

Recommended for You1Stream (For Free!) More Than 40,000 Concerts and Sessions on Moshpit2Trump Appears to Have Debuted a New Wig and the Internet Is Losing Its Mind3Melania Is Slowly Morphing Into a Film Bro4Cool! The Admin’s Set Sights on the Bipartisan Success That’s Helped Tens of Millions of Families5Nepo-vestigating Stella Lefty

© 2026 Paste Media Group. All Rights Reserved"
64,2026-08-08,"Miami International NYSE: MIAX reported record second-quarter net revenue as elevated options activity and higher revenue per contract supported results, while the exchange operator advanced the rollout of its Bloomberg-branded financial futures products.


Total net revenue rose 35% year over year to $141 million, Chief Executive Officer Thomas P. Gallagher said on the company’s second-quarter 2026 earnings call. Adjusted EBITDA increased 57% to $77 million, producing an adjusted EBITDA margin of 54%, up from 47% a year earlier. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.48.


Gallagher said geopolitical tensions, trade-policy uncertainty and AI-related market swings contributed to elevated options volumes. He said volatility increases demand for the risk-management tools offered through MIAX exchanges and raises trading activity in listed contracts.

Options Revenue Reaches $124 Million
The options segment generated $124 million in net revenue, a 34% increase from the prior-year period. Average daily volume reached 11 million contracts, up 25% year over year and broadly in line with industry growth, according to Chief Financial Officer Lance Emmons.

MIAX’s share of the multi-listed options market was 16.5% in the quarter, essentially unchanged from a year earlier but down from 17.3% in the first quarter. Emmons said the company’s revenue per contract, or RPC, increased to $0.124 from $0.11 in the first quarter, primarily because lower market share meant less trading volume fell within the highest rebate and lowest fee tiers. More favorable trading mix also helped the metric.

However, management cautioned against using the second-quarter RPC as a forecast for the remainder of the year. Emmons said market share rebounded to approximately 17.1% in July, which could lower RPC through tier effects, while mix normalization, fee changes and changes related to the options regulatory fee could also affect results. The company expects second-half RPC to be closer to levels reported in previous quarters.

Gallagher said MIAX periodically adjusts pricing and rebate tiers in an effort to balance revenue per contract with market share. Shelly Brown, chief executive officer of MIAX Futures and chief strategy officer of Miami International Holdings, said recent pricing changes at the company’s Sapphire and Pearl exchanges were intended to attract trading activity, though not all changes had the expected impact.

The company also cited a growing pipeline of new listings, including SpaceX and SK hynix. Gallagher said MIAX’s early market share in newly listed options has been above its broader market share, which he attributed in part to the company’s technology and performance in liquid, higher-priced and more retail-focused option classes.

Bloomberg Futures Rollout Moves Toward Retail Access
MIAX launched its first Bloomberg Financial Futures products in May, including B500 and B100 contracts designed to provide broad equity-market exposure. Gallagher said market screens are active and that market depth and volumes have been in line with internal expectations, although the products did not contribute materially to second-quarter futures revenue.

The next major objective is onboarding retail brokers. Brown said several retail firms are progressing through connectivity and clearing arrangements, and MIAX expects some firms to enable customer activity over the coming weeks. The company is also working with retail firms on education and marketing programs, including customer events and incentives intended to encourage product adoption.

Management said the products are structured to serve institutional participants as well as retail traders through smaller Tini B500 and Tini B100 contracts. Gallagher said the Bloomberg index methodology, the inclusion of new initial public offerings earlier than some incumbent benchmarks, competitive fees and MIAX’s technology platform provide a foundation for the offering.

MIAX also said its futures commission merchant is applying for membership in the Options Clearing Corporation, and the company plans to increase the FCM’s net capital by $40 million. Gallagher said OCC clearing could help support retail access and create margin offsets and capital efficiencies for participants trading Bloomberg financial futures.

Futures, International Operations and Technology
Futures segment net revenue was $5 million, unchanged from a year earlier. In agricultural futures, average daily volume increased 20% from the first quarter and capture rates improved 14%, Gallagher said. MIAX plans to introduce four additional agricultural futures products in the fertilizer market in late October or later this year, responding to customer demand tied to supply-chain disruptions and geopolitical developments.

The international segment produced $6 million of net revenue, compared with $2 million in the prior-year quarter, reflecting the June 2025 acquisition of TISE. Emmons said efforts to streamline sales and marketing across the company’s international listings businesses are underway.

During the question-and-answer session, Brown and Chief Information Officer Douglas Schafer highlighted the company’s risk-management capabilities and technology infrastructure. Brown said MIAX’s tools allow market makers to manage exposures and quote more aggressively, while Schafer said the company has built significant capacity into its platform to maintain low latency and high throughput.

Gallagher also said MIAX has resolved its Nasdaq litigation, which the company disclosed in a recent filing, and now considers the matter closed.

Guidance and Capital Priorities
MIAX lowered its full-year adjusted operating expense outlook to between $260 million and $270 million, from a previous range of $265 million to $275 million. Emmons said the revision partly reflects a shift in executive compensation toward share-based compensation from cash compensation.


Full-year share-based compensation is now expected to be $29 million to $32 million, compared with prior guidance of $27 million to $30 million.
Capital expenditures are still projected at $40 million to $45 million.
Depreciation and amortization are expected to total $35 million to $39 million, up from previous guidance of $33 million to $38 million.
The company maintained its full-year adjusted effective tax-rate expectation of 27% to 29%.

MIAX ended the quarter with $660 million in cash and cash equivalents and less than $2 million in debt, which matures in December. Gallagher said the company’s near-term priority is reinvesting in its existing exchanges, futures product pipeline, marketing and technology. He said MIAX has no specific plans for dividends or share repurchases and is evaluating potential domestic and international opportunities as they emerge.About Miami International (NYSE:MIAX)Miami International NYSE: MIAX is a U.S. exchange holding company that operates electronic trading venues and provides market infrastructure for listed options and related products. Its primary business activities include operating regulated exchanges, delivering market data feeds, and offering trading technology and connectivity services designed for professional traders, broker-dealers, and market makers. The company focuses on low-latency execution, order matching, and the operational controls required to support high-volume, automated trading strategies in listed derivatives.
Products and services provided by Miami International include fully electronic order matching engines, transmittable market data and feed products, colocation and connectivity solutions, and tools for risk management and regulatory compliance.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Miami International Right Now?Before you consider Miami International, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miami International wasn't on the list.While Miami International currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here (Almost)  Everything You Need To Know About The EV MarketLooking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.Get This Free Report

The options segment generated $124 million in net revenue, a 34% increase from the prior-year period. Average daily volume reached 11 million contracts, up 25% year over year and broadly in line with industry growth, according to Chief Financial Officer Lance Emmons.


MIAX’s share of the multi-listed options market was 16.5% in the quarter, essentially unchanged from a year earlier but down from 17.3% in the first quarter. Emmons said the company’s revenue per contract, or RPC, increased to $0.124 from $0.11 in the first quarter, primarily because lower market share meant less trading volume fell within the highest rebate and lowest fee tiers. More favorable trading mix also helped the metric.


However, management cautioned against using the second-quarter RPC as a forecast for the remainder of the year. Emmons said market share rebounded to approximately 17.1% in July, which could lower RPC through tier effects, while mix normalization, fee changes and changes related to the options regulatory fee could also affect results. The company expects second-half RPC to be closer to levels reported in previous quarters.


Gallagher said MIAX periodically adjusts pricing and rebate tiers in an effort to balance revenue per contract with market share. Shelly Brown, chief executive officer of MIAX Futures and chief strategy officer of Miami International Holdings, said recent pricing changes at the company’s Sapphire and Pearl exchanges were intended to attract trading activity, though not all changes had the expected impact.


The company also cited a growing pipeline of new listings, including SpaceX and SK hynix. Gallagher said MIAX’s early market share in newly listed options has been above its broader market share, which he attributed in part to the company’s technology and performance in liquid, higher-priced and more retail-focused option classes.

Bloomberg Futures Rollout Moves Toward Retail Access
MIAX launched its first Bloomberg Financial Futures products in May, including B500 and B100 contracts designed to provide broad equity-market exposure. Gallagher said market screens are active and that market depth and volumes have been in line with internal expectations, although the products did not contribute materially to second-quarter futures revenue.

The next major objective is onboarding retail brokers. Brown said several retail firms are progressing through connectivity and clearing arrangements, and MIAX expects some firms to enable customer activity over the coming weeks. The company is also working with retail firms on education and marketing programs, including customer events and incentives intended to encourage product adoption.

Management said the products are structured to serve institutional participants as well as retail traders through smaller Tini B500 and Tini B100 contracts. Gallagher said the Bloomberg index methodology, the inclusion of new initial public offerings earlier than some incumbent benchmarks, competitive fees and MIAX’s technology platform provide a foundation for the offering.

MIAX also said its futures commission merchant is applying for membership in the Options Clearing Corporation, and the company plans to increase the FCM’s net capital by $40 million. Gallagher said OCC clearing could help support retail access and create margin offsets and capital efficiencies for participants trading Bloomberg financial futures.

Futures, International Operations and Technology
Futures segment net revenue was $5 million, unchanged from a year earlier. In agricultural futures, average daily volume increased 20% from the first quarter and capture rates improved 14%, Gallagher said. MIAX plans to introduce four additional agricultural futures products in the fertilizer market in late October or later this year, responding to customer demand tied to supply-chain disruptions and geopolitical developments.

The international segment produced $6 million of net revenue, compared with $2 million in the prior-year quarter, reflecting the June 2025 acquisition of TISE. Emmons said efforts to streamline sales and marketing across the company’s international listings businesses are underway.

During the question-and-answer session, Brown and Chief Information Officer Douglas Schafer highlighted the company’s risk-management capabilities and technology infrastructure. Brown said MIAX’s tools allow market makers to manage exposures and quote more aggressively, while Schafer said the company has built significant capacity into its platform to maintain low latency and high throughput.

Gallagher also said MIAX has resolved its Nasdaq litigation, which the company disclosed in a recent filing, and now considers the matter closed.

Guidance and Capital Priorities
MIAX lowered its full-year adjusted operating expense outlook to between $260 million and $270 million, from a previous range of $265 million to $275 million. Emmons said the revision partly reflects a shift in executive compensation toward share-based compensation from cash compensation.


Full-year share-based compensation is now expected to be $29 million to $32 million, compared with prior guidance of $27 million to $30 million.
Capital expenditures are still projected at $40 million to $45 million.
Depreciation and amortization are expected to total $35 million to $39 million, up from previous guidance of $33 million to $38 million.
The company maintained its full-year adjusted effective tax-rate expectation of 27% to 29%.

MIAX ended the quarter with $660 million in cash and cash equivalents and less than $2 million in debt, which matures in December. Gallagher said the company’s near-term priority is reinvesting in its existing exchanges, futures product pipeline, marketing and technology. He said MIAX has no specific plans for dividends or share repurchases and is evaluating potential domestic and international opportunities as they emerge.About Miami International (NYSE:MIAX)Miami International NYSE: MIAX is a U.S. exchange holding company that operates electronic trading venues and provides market infrastructure for listed options and related products. Its primary business activities include operating regulated exchanges, delivering market data feeds, and offering trading technology and connectivity services designed for professional traders, broker-dealers, and market makers. The company focuses on low-latency execution, order matching, and the operational controls required to support high-volume, automated trading strategies in listed derivatives.
Products and services provided by Miami International include fully electronic order matching engines, transmittable market data and feed products, colocation and connectivity solutions, and tools for risk management and regulatory compliance.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Miami International Right Now?Before you consider Miami International, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miami International wasn't on the list.While Miami International currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here (Almost)  Everything You Need To Know About The EV MarketLooking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.Get This Free Report

MIAX launched its first Bloomberg Financial Futures products in May, including B500 and B100 contracts designed to provide broad equity-market exposure. Gallagher said market screens are active and that market depth and volumes have been in line with internal expectations, although the products did not contribute materially to second-quarter futures revenue.


The next major objective is onboarding retail brokers. Brown said several retail firms are progressing through connectivity and clearing arrangements, and MIAX expects some firms to enable customer activity over the coming weeks. The company is also working with retail firms on education and marketing programs, including customer events and incentives intended to encourage product adoption.


Management said the products are structured to serve institutional participants as well as retail traders through smaller Tini B500 and Tini B100 contracts. Gallagher said the Bloomberg index methodology, the inclusion of new initial public offerings earlier than some incumbent benchmarks, competitive fees and MIAX’s technology platform provide a foundation for the offering.


MIAX also said its futures commission merchant is applying for membership in the Options Clearing Corporation, and the company plans to increase the FCM’s net capital by $40 million. Gallagher said OCC clearing could help support retail access and create margin offsets and capital efficiencies for participants trading Bloomberg financial futures.

Futures, International Operations and Technology
Futures segment net revenue was $5 million, unchanged from a year earlier. In agricultural futures, average daily volume increased 20% from the first quarter and capture rates improved 14%, Gallagher said. MIAX plans to introduce four additional agricultural futures products in the fertilizer market in late October or later this year, responding to customer demand tied to supply-chain disruptions and geopolitical developments.

The international segment produced $6 million of net revenue, compared with $2 million in the prior-year quarter, reflecting the June 2025 acquisition of TISE. Emmons said efforts to streamline sales and marketing across the company’s international listings businesses are underway.

During the question-and-answer session, Brown and Chief Information Officer Douglas Schafer highlighted the company’s risk-management capabilities and technology infrastructure. Brown said MIAX’s tools allow market makers to manage exposures and quote more aggressively, while Schafer said the company has built significant capacity into its platform to maintain low latency and high throughput.

Gallagher also said MIAX has resolved its Nasdaq litigation, which the company disclosed in a recent filing, and now considers the matter closed.

Guidance and Capital Priorities
MIAX lowered its full-year adjusted operating expense outlook to between $260 million and $270 million, from a previous range of $265 million to $275 million. Emmons said the revision partly reflects a shift in executive compensation toward share-based compensation from cash compensation.


Full-year share-based compensation is now expected to be $29 million to $32 million, compared with prior guidance of $27 million to $30 million.
Capital expenditures are still projected at $40 million to $45 million.
Depreciation and amortization are expected to total $35 million to $39 million, up from previous guidance of $33 million to $38 million.
The company maintained its full-year adjusted effective tax-rate expectation of 27% to 29%.

MIAX ended the quarter with $660 million in cash and cash equivalents and less than $2 million in debt, which matures in December. Gallagher said the company’s near-term priority is reinvesting in its existing exchanges, futures product pipeline, marketing and technology. He said MIAX has no specific plans for dividends or share repurchases and is evaluating potential domestic and international opportunities as they emerge.About Miami International (NYSE:MIAX)Miami International NYSE: MIAX is a U.S. exchange holding company that operates electronic trading venues and provides market infrastructure for listed options and related products. Its primary business activities include operating regulated exchanges, delivering market data feeds, and offering trading technology and connectivity services designed for professional traders, broker-dealers, and market makers. The company focuses on low-latency execution, order matching, and the operational controls required to support high-volume, automated trading strategies in listed derivatives.
Products and services provided by Miami International include fully electronic order matching engines, transmittable market data and feed products, colocation and connectivity solutions, and tools for risk management and regulatory compliance.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Miami International Right Now?Before you consider Miami International, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miami International wasn't on the list.While Miami International currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here (Almost)  Everything You Need To Know About The EV MarketLooking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.Get This Free Report

Futures segment net revenue was $5 million, unchanged from a year earlier. In agricultural futures, average daily volume increased 20% from the first quarter and capture rates improved 14%, Gallagher said. MIAX plans to introduce four additional agricultural futures products in the fertilizer market in late October or later this year, responding to customer demand tied to supply-chain disruptions and geopolitical developments.


The international segment produced $6 million of net revenue, compared with $2 million in the prior-year quarter, reflecting the June 2025 acquisition of TISE. Emmons said efforts to streamline sales and marketing across the company’s international listings businesses are underway.


During the question-and-answer session, Brown and Chief Information Officer Douglas Schafer highlighted the company’s risk-management capabilities and technology infrastructure. Brown said MIAX’s tools allow market makers to manage exposures and quote more aggressively, while Schafer said the company has built significant capacity into its platform to maintain low latency and high throughput.


Gallagher also said MIAX has resolved its Nasdaq litigation, which the company disclosed in a recent filing, and now considers the matter closed.

Guidance and Capital Priorities
MIAX lowered its full-year adjusted operating expense outlook to between $260 million and $270 million, from a previous range of $265 million to $275 million. Emmons said the revision partly reflects a shift in executive compensation toward share-based compensation from cash compensation.


Full-year share-based compensation is now expected to be $29 million to $32 million, compared with prior guidance of $27 million to $30 million.
Capital expenditures are still projected at $40 million to $45 million.
Depreciation and amortization are expected to total $35 million to $39 million, up from previous guidance of $33 million to $38 million.
The company maintained its full-year adjusted effective tax-rate expectation of 27% to 29%.

MIAX ended the quarter with $660 million in cash and cash equivalents and less than $2 million in debt, which matures in December. Gallagher said the company’s near-term priority is reinvesting in its existing exchanges, futures product pipeline, marketing and technology. He said MIAX has no specific plans for dividends or share repurchases and is evaluating potential domestic and international opportunities as they emerge.About Miami International (NYSE:MIAX)Miami International NYSE: MIAX is a U.S. exchange holding company that operates electronic trading venues and provides market infrastructure for listed options and related products. Its primary business activities include operating regulated exchanges, delivering market data feeds, and offering trading technology and connectivity services designed for professional traders, broker-dealers, and market makers. The company focuses on low-latency execution, order matching, and the operational controls required to support high-volume, automated trading strategies in listed derivatives.
Products and services provided by Miami International include fully electronic order matching engines, transmittable market data and feed products, colocation and connectivity solutions, and tools for risk management and regulatory compliance.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Miami International Right Now?Before you consider Miami International, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miami International wasn't on the list.While Miami International currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here (Almost)  Everything You Need To Know About The EV MarketLooking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.Get This Free Report

MIAX lowered its full-year adjusted operating expense outlook to between $260 million and $270 million, from a previous range of $265 million to $275 million. Emmons said the revision partly reflects a shift in executive compensation toward share-based compensation from cash compensation.


Full-year share-based compensation is now expected to be $29 million to $32 million, compared with prior guidance of $27 million to $30 million.
Capital expenditures are still projected at $40 million to $45 million.
Depreciation and amortization are expected to total $35 million to $39 million, up from previous guidance of $33 million to $38 million.
The company maintained its full-year adjusted effective tax-rate expectation of 27% to 29%.

MIAX ended the quarter with $660 million in cash and cash equivalents and less than $2 million in debt, which matures in December. Gallagher said the company’s near-term priority is reinvesting in its existing exchanges, futures product pipeline, marketing and technology. He said MIAX has no specific plans for dividends or share repurchases and is evaluating potential domestic and international opportunities as they emerge.About Miami International (NYSE:MIAX)Miami International NYSE: MIAX is a U.S. exchange holding company that operates electronic trading venues and provides market infrastructure for listed options and related products. Its primary business activities include operating regulated exchanges, delivering market data feeds, and offering trading technology and connectivity services designed for professional traders, broker-dealers, and market makers. The company focuses on low-latency execution, order matching, and the operational controls required to support high-volume, automated trading strategies in listed derivatives.
Products and services provided by Miami International include fully electronic order matching engines, transmittable market data and feed products, colocation and connectivity solutions, and tools for risk management and regulatory compliance.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Miami International Right Now?Before you consider Miami International, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miami International wasn't on the list.While Miami International currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here (Almost)  Everything You Need To Know About The EV MarketLooking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.Get This Free Report

MIAX ended the quarter with $660 million in cash and cash equivalents and less than $2 million in debt, which matures in December. Gallagher said the company’s near-term priority is reinvesting in its existing exchanges, futures product pipeline, marketing and technology. He said MIAX has no specific plans for dividends or share repurchases and is evaluating potential domestic and international opportunities as they emerge.About Miami International (NYSE:MIAX)Miami International NYSE: MIAX is a U.S. exchange holding company that operates electronic trading venues and provides market infrastructure for listed options and related products. Its primary business activities include operating regulated exchanges, delivering market data feeds, and offering trading technology and connectivity services designed for professional traders, broker-dealers, and market makers. The company focuses on low-latency execution, order matching, and the operational controls required to support high-volume, automated trading strategies in listed derivatives.
Products and services provided by Miami International include fully electronic order matching engines, transmittable market data and feed products, colocation and connectivity solutions, and tools for risk management and regulatory compliance.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Miami International Right Now?Before you consider Miami International, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miami International wasn't on the list.While Miami International currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here (Almost)  Everything You Need To Know About The EV MarketLooking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.Get This Free Report

Miami International NYSE: MIAX is a U.S. exchange holding company that operates electronic trading venues and provides market infrastructure for listed options and related products. Its primary business activities include operating regulated exchanges, delivering market data feeds, and offering trading technology and connectivity services designed for professional traders, broker-dealers, and market makers. The company focuses on low-latency execution, order matching, and the operational controls required to support high-volume, automated trading strategies in listed derivatives.

Products and services provided by Miami International include fully electronic order matching engines, transmittable market data and feed products, colocation and connectivity solutions, and tools for risk management and regulatory compliance.
This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.
Before you consider Miami International, you'll want to hear this.
MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miami International wasn't on the list.
While Miami International currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.
View The Five Stocks Here 
Looking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.
Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools and reports.
Featured By

                                        345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103
                                        
                                        contact@marketbeat.com
                                        
                                        (844) 978-6257
                                    
© MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved.

                                © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided by Massive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see Barchart's disclaimer. 

My Account - 
"
65,2026-08-08,"Despite the change, gold is still an American favorite."
66,2026-08-08," 3 Series
The 3 Series reaches 2 million Chinese sales and leads its segment, even as BMW’s broader business in China loses ground.
BMWBLOG » News » BMW 3 Series Hits 2 Million Sales in China as Overall Demand Slumps
   Steven Paul  
 August 8, 2026
The BMW 3 Series has reached another major sales milestone, this time in the world’s largest automotive market. BMW says cumulative 3 Series sales in China have officially surpassed two million vehicles, underlining just how important the sports sedan remains. There’s more good news, too, and a partial explanation. According to BMW, the 3 Series has led China’s premium midsize sedan segment for 21 consecutive months despite increasingly intense competition from established luxury brands and newer domestic automakers.
China’s new-car market has changed dramatically in recent years. Buyers increasingly gravitate toward electric vehicles, and specifically China domestic models. Frequently, Chinese automakers are able to offer a radically more competitive product than manufacturers from outside the country. However, the traditional luxury sedan remains important, and BMW’s bread and butter 3 Series remains a dominant force in the Chinese market. Although, it now has to compete against a much broader range of products than it did even a few years ago.

On one hand, it’s no surprise that the iconic 3 Series continues to sell well. But the model has also become increasingly tailored to Chinese buyers. Long-wheelbase versions of the 3 Series are especially important in China, where additional rear-seat space is frequently prioritized even in smaller luxury sedans. A special model, the 3 Series 50 Years Edition, arrives only in China, wearing dashing Thundernight Metallic paint and sporting custom embroidery and Alcantara accents to boot. Even the high-performance M3 got a special, China-only 40 Jahre Edition.
Of course, the 3 Series’ role in China is only expanding. Chinese customers have been able to buy an electric 3 Series since 2022, but the Neue Klasse i3 — and China only i3 L (long wheelbase) — are on the way. In June, BMW Brilliance Automotive (joint venture between BMW and Brilliance Group operating in China) changed up EV production in a drastic way. Several models saw their life cycle come to an end in order to make room for Neue Klasse models, including the longer version of the i3. The Chinese i3 uses sixth-generation eDrive technology, an 800-volt electrical architecture, and a battery built with cylindrical cells. The company has previously claimed more than 1,000 kilometers of maximum range under China’s optimistic CLTC testing cycle, along with peak charging speeds of 400 kW. In the meantime, BMW is marking the 2 million milestone with special financing offers and customer benefits.

BMW delivered 625,527 BMW and MINI vehicles in China in 2025, a 12.5% decline from the previous year and its second consecutive annual sales decrease. After initially expecting monthly deliveries to remain near 50,000 vehicles in early 2026, the company later lowered its full-year outlook. Through the first half of 2026, BMW and MINI were down 20.4% to 261,773 units overall. The Chinese market continues to challenge many OEMs, as Chinese consumer demand faces pressure and increasingly formidable domestic automakers continue to gain ground. Can the Neue Klasse EVs turn it around? As yet unclear, but we should have a better idea as production ramps up in China and worldwide.
See more of our coverage in your search results.

Trending
You may also like
More from 3 Series
  
©2026 BMWBLOG - operated by iMedia Network, Inc."
67,2026-08-08,"Login

Vlad 
07 August 2026


OnePlus Oppo Android

OnePlus is leaving Europe and North America, as the company has recently confirmed. As a parting gift, it's offering a free AIRVOOC 50W magnetic wireless charger in the UK, Germany, Spain, and France if you do two things: subscribe to the Oppo newsletter on Oppo's German website, and link your OnePlus account to your Oppo account.
And now here's the catch: there are only 5,600 of these wireless chargers available, and they will be given out on a first-come, first-served basis. And that's 5,600 in total across the four countries mentioned above. There is no country-specific allocation.
So if you're interested, you need to act fast and get to the special page on the Oppo website for the UK, Germany, Spain, or France.
The free wireless charger is not all that you can get from this campaign. Oppo is also offering up various discounts on its products, excluding smartphones. These vary by market, so make sure you check the ""Rules"" and ""Prize list"" sections on the pages linked above.
You probably don't have some entry level tablet so there should not be any worry for it to slow down. It probably lose app support cause of old number of Android before it slows down. And also battery will probably be long dead before it slows d...
So sad EU/global consumers will never get a newer OnePlus flagship without fake specs, granted, that's only if 1+ could even manage to manufacture one without lying on the spec sheet in the first place 😔
Can I get this without owning a OnePlus or Oppo phone?



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2026 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use

"
68,2026-08-08,"

				Trademark			

Buc-ee’s trademark bullying ways continue! This company that has long been famous for its enormous gas station and convenience stores practically dripping in Americana is quickly building a national reputation for itself as a petulant trademark bully. It’s lawsuits are typically dumb and usually feature Buc-ee’s claim that it somehow owns every cartoon animal mascot depiction for convenience stores and gas stations, and even cartoon human mascots at times. It’s so bad that it even caught the attention of John Oliver recently, resulting in the show creating its own merchandise that is far more similar to the Buc-ee’s beaver than most of its lawsuit victims and Oliver literally begging them to file a lawsuit over it. 
Well, the Buc-ee’s people appear to be cowards. Oliver made it clear that he and HBO have the willingness and legal war chest to do battle with Buc-ee’s. To date the company has not filed any lawsuit against Oliver or HBO. But it did just file another trademark suit against another small local convenience store after having just moved into the market. 
Buc-ee’s, which opened its first location in Ohio earlier this year, is suing Beaver’s Mini Mart in Beavercreek for what they allege is trademark infringement. 
In the suit, filed days ago, Buc-ee’s alleges that the Mini Mart’s cartoon beaver mascot is too similar to their own, with its “wide eyes and a smile” that also “uses red as a predominant color,” and could cause confusion. 
The new Buc-ee’s location in Huber Heights, Ohio, is 16 miles from Beaver’s Mini Mart. Beaver’s Mini Mart customers say they have been shopping there for decades, while Buc-ee’s has existed in the Buckeye State only since April.
This is common practice for Buc-ee’s. The company expands into a new market and goes on a trademark suit blitz against anyone using one of these cartoon animal logos, beaver or otherwise. It doesn’t matter how long the victim company has been doing business there. It doesn’t matter how ingrained into the community they are. It doesn’t matter if every local in the area insists that there’s no confusion to be had between the two entities. 
In this case, the Beaver’s Mini Mart has been around for decades. The entire community is awash in beaver-y iconography. I’ll let one of our anonymous commenters from our John Oliver post chime in here.
They are now trying to sue a place near where I grew up, the “Beavers MiniMart” convenience store in Beavercreek Ohio, where the local high school, Beavercreek High School, once had Bucky the Beaver as a mascot for their football team, the Battling Beavers, their cheerleaders are called the Beaverettes and there’s pep squad called the Beaver Patrol. There’s concrete statues that are 6-8 feet tall, all over the city. The city loves it’s fuckin’ beavers. Buc-ee’s probably doesn’t know what’s about to happen to them. It wont be pretty.
The signage from Buc-ee’s own lawsuit show just how unalike the branding for the two companies is.
From this, and wielding a trademark Buc-ee’s somehow has on the word “Beaver’s” Buc-ee’s alleges that there will be “confusion among consumers,” that the Mini Mart is trading on Buc-ee’s “goodwill,” and that all of this is causing “irreparable injury” to Buc-ee’s.
Ironically, it appears this very lawsuit is causing a dip in all of that supposed goodwill Buc-ee’s has in this particular community. 
“Reading into it more that Buc-ee’s has gone after other companies over this… It just put a bad taste in my mouth because they just seem like such a fun company,” resident Sam Bryan told Nexstar’s WDTN. “To see this, that they’re coming after a small business like this, it upset me like it did a lot of Beavercreek residents.”
The town is named Beavercreek, the branding doesn’t look anything alike, and nobody is going to be confused about any of this. Buc-ee’s knows all of that. But trademark bullies typically just can’t help themselves and this is yet another in a long list of bullshit trademark lawsuits the company has filed.
If Beaver’s Mini Mart fights this, however, it would be an interesting move in its defense to point out that there is no similar lawsuit against John Oliver.


	Filed Under: john oliver, trademark, trademark bullying


	Companies: beaver's mini mart, buc-ee's, hbo

I wonder if John Oliver can convince HBO to fund this store’s legal defense.
My coworkers were excited buccees was coming to Phoenix. Having grown up in NJ, I don’t know what all the fuss is over a truckstop. Now if it was a WaWa, they have a point.
Buc-ees is specifically not a truck stop, they ban truckers from their parking lots and actually enforce it. There’s ‘truckers against Buc-ees’ groups on FB
Wawa > Sheetz > Royal Farms > 7-11
Buc-ee’s isn’t even in the running.
Perhaps Rutter’s needs to expand more quickly.  It’s already here in NoVa and Md.
https://csnews.com/convenience-store-news-reveals-winners-2026-foodservice-innovators-awards
https://csnews.com/convenience-store-news-announces-winners-2025-foodservice-innovators-awards
https://csnews.com/rutters-comes-out-top-global-foodservice-poll
I assume this will become another one of those Chic-fil-a situations where everyone visiting acknowledges they do bad things, “but the product is sooooo goood.” People need to grow up and experience minor inconveniences to use their only public voice left, money. Don’t give Buc-ee’s money.

  it would be an interesting move in its defense to point out that there is no similar lawsuit against John Oliver.

Unfortunately, telling a court that a company suing you didn’t sue some other company generally earns one a mild rebuke by the judge. How a party behaves vis-a-vis non-parties is not usually relevant.
Also:

  “The signage from Buc-ee’s own lawsuit show just how unalike the branding for the two companies is.”

This assumes we know what the Buc-ee’s logo looks like.
__
In any event, this should be a easy fight, if they can fight. Beaver’s has priority of use geographically (in addition to “no likelihood of confusion” part).
With trademarks, it most certainly is important.
I’m surprised that s-hole hasn’t sued “Leave it to Beave” not haven’t tried to eliminate the animal because of copy right baloney.
Plaintiff: “Our trademarks are too similar and can cause confusion! You must fix this!”
Judge, in a sane world: “You are right.  Buc-ee’s is here-by ordered to change their logo mascot, name, and predominant coloring to avoid confusion.”
This apparently has enough people mad that Arch Aplin felt the need to come out with some bullshit excuses.
I’d almost like to say we should declare Buc-ee’s as the biggest cowards ever, but the Republican Senator caucus exists. But they’re a solid runner-up.
There’s a part of me that wishes Ohio State University would go after Buc-ee’s because it’s too similar to Buckeyes.
What’s next? Buc-ee’s suing international airports for replicating their stink, concentration of human humidity, and likelihood to spread infectious diseases?
California boy here. No Buc-ees here. Were there, I’d shop anywhere else, to their exclusion. Move into a town and start suing. Just duh.
Governor Mike DeWine added his two cents. “They need to dismiss this lawsuit. This is ridiculous. It is Beavercreek for heaven’s sake. You know. You expect to find in Beavercreek things named ‘beaver’.”
https://www.yahoo.com/news/politics/articles/dewine-says-buc-ees-drop-204243336.html
This is shyster lawyer stuff from Buc-ees. May the fleas of a thousand camels infest their crotches.
“Oh, shit, Oliver and HBO can out-lawyer and outspend us, what will we do?”
“I suggest running away and then look for some little hick store that has a cartoon beaver as their logo and attempt to sue the hell out of them for trademark infringement.”
“Sounds good, they won’t have the money or time to fight us. I feel so much better now.”
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Have a Techdirt Account? Sign in now. Want one? Register here
Name 
Email 
Subscribe to the Techdirt Daily newsletter
URL 
Subject 
Comment * 
Techdirt community members with Techdirt Credits can spotlight a comment as either the ""First Word"" or ""Last Word"" on a particular comment thread. Credits can be purchased at the Techdirt Insider Shop »
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
 



Δ

We don’t spam. Read our privacy policy for more info.
Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
        
 
A weekly news podcast fromMike Masnick & Ben Whitelaw
Read the latest posts:


		Read All		»



Become an Insider! 


This feature is only available to registered users.
You can register here or sign in to use it. "
69,2026-08-08,"Five articles on the signals behind citation fluctuation, where models source citations, and how to audit your content for AI visibility gap
AI mentions and citations are benchmarks, not decisions. Get 4 traffic-predictive signals drawn from real bot data across hundreds of sites.
Prepare for Google's LSA move into Performance Max with a before-and-after audit checklist from CallRail.
The GEO playbook behind Freshpet's AI Overview citations, plus checks to run on your own brand. Free, live Aug 20.
June 17 | AI visibility, social citation signals, and multi-channel attribution — three sessions, live Q&A.
Five articles on the signals behind citation fluctuation, where models source citations, and how to audit your content for AI visibility gap
🔥[Live 8/12 with Loren Baker] Ecommerce SEO: Own your ""brand +promo code"" search.
Kevin Indig's AI Halftime Report found 91% of AI citations appear on just one platform, so single-engine rank tracking leaves H2 2026 strategy blind.
In the first half of 2026, search behavior shifted under our feet, software valuations cratered on sentiment rather than proof, and companies blamed layoffs on AI long before anyone could show the receipts.
Kevin Indig posted a link on LinkedIn last week to his AI Halftime Report, H1 2026, and it is worth noting that his H1 2025 report predicted both Google’s continued AI Mode rollout and the idea that AI layoffs were mostly a PR narrative rather than an operational reality. Both predictions held up, and the report opens with a line that doubles as the thesis for the entire first half of the year: AI’s impact kept growing faster than anyone’s ability to measure it. That gap between impact and measurement is the real story of H1 2026, more than any single product launch or earnings call.
Indig’s research found that roughly three out of four consumers pick the top result in an AI shortlist, unless a brand they already trust appears anywhere else on that list, in which case they pick the trusted name instead. Software stocks fell by close to 30% over the period, and the decline tracked almost entirely with how the market perceived a company’s exposure to AI disruption rather than with how that company actually performed. The bottom quartile of software stocks dragged the whole sector down while the median and top quartile outperformed the broader ETF, which tells you the selloff was a story about narrative, not fundamentals.
Meta engineers reportedly burned through 73.7 trillion tokens in a single month chasing an internal leaderboard that ranked more than 85,000 employees by token consumption. Nobody could point to the return on that spending, and Meta shut the leaderboard down in April once CFOs realized annual token budgets had been blown through in four months.
Layoffs told a similar story of narrative racing ahead of proof. Challenger, Gray & Christmas found AI cited as the reason behind more than 87,000 job cuts through May, roughly a fifth of all 2026 layoffs to that point. Indig’s own reporting, going back to his H1 2025 predictions, argues AI is mostly a convenient explanation for cuts that were really about pandemic over-hiring and capital expenditure discipline. Some of the same companies that blamed AI for layoffs turned around and quietly rehired.
My take (and I have been saying versions of this since spring) is that Indig has named something structural rather than seasonal. Every one of his H1 storylines, the SaaS selloff, the AI layoff narrative, the traffic collapse publishers are now fighting in court, comes back to the same root cause. We built our measurement scoreboards for classic search years ago, and none of them were designed to display something as nonlinear and probabilistic as AI search has turned out to be.
That nonlinear narrative shows up starkly in Indig’s citation data. He found that 91% of citations appear in only one of ChatGPT, Perplexity, or AI Overviews, never in more than one. Prompt tracking, he argues, needs to behave more like polling and focus-group research than like the rank tracking SEOs have leaned on for two decades. Brand mentions, not citations, correlate more closely with real business outcomes, since most buyers care whether a brand shows up favorably across a panel of prompts rather than whether one specific citation landed in one specific answer. Google’s own Search Console data is reportedly 75% incomplete for this new landscape, so even practitioners who think they are measuring carefully are working from a partial picture.
There was an upside to all that token burning. Indig points out that the wave of usage around Claude’s Opus releases pushed far more people into daily AI use than any marketing campaign could have, and that surge fed growth at infrastructure companies further down the stack, the kind of second-order effect that rarely shows up in a quarterly earnings call but shapes an entire ecosystem anyway.
The agent market itself reshuffled just as much as the metrics did. ChatGPT’s share slid from 78% to 56% between July 2025 and July 2026, while Gemini climbed from 15% to 30% and Claude grew from 2% to 10%. Model choice has become a genuine business risk rather than a preference, which is one more variable that resists easy measurement.
Publishers spent H1 2026 fighting the same battle in a different arena. A Munich court ruled Google liable for false statements generated by AI Overviews. Four hundred newspapers sued OpenAI and Microsoft over unauthorized content use. The UK’s Competition and Markets Authority ordered Google to give publishers more control and transparency over how their content is used in AI search, including opt-outs from AI Overviews, AI Mode, and Discover summaries. Every one of those fights is really an argument over who gets to control access and attribution once a human is no longer the one clicking through.
Indig closes his report with a preview of the second half that deserves as much attention as anything in the H1 recap. He argues H2 2026 will “separate intelligence from agency.” Model capability keeps getting cheaper and more commoditized through open-weight competition, but the permission to actually act on someone’s behalf, spend money, reach data, or impersonate a person through an agent, is getting locked down harder by platforms, governments, payment networks, and users themselves. The publisher lawsuits and the UK CMA order are early proof that this tightening has already started.
That distinction matters more for SEO strategy than most of what got attention in H1. Here is what practitioners can do with it heading into the second half.
First, retire the assumption that a single rank-tracking tool covers AI search. Build a prompt panel that spans ChatGPT, Claude, AI Overviews, AI Mode, and at least one open-weight model, and treat the results the way a pollster treats a sample rather than the way an SEO treats a SERP. Given how little overlap Indig found between engines, tracking only one is close to tracking none.
Second, shift reporting away from citation counts and toward mention frequency, sentiment, and recommendation rank across that panel. A dashboard that only counts citations is measuring the smaller half of what actually drives buyer behavior, and it will keep understating your real AI footprint to clients or leadership.
Third, start auditing your agentic access layer now, well before H2 forces the issue. Check whether your product data, pricing, and checkout flow are structured so an authorized AI agent can actually complete a transaction on a customer’s behalf, and whether your brand shows up as a trusted, nameable option when an agent is choosing among several competitors. Indig’s split between intelligence and agency means the winners in H2 will be the brands agents are permitted to act on behalf of, not simply the brands that get mentioned most often.
I agree with Indig that the ability to measure AI’s impact fell behind the impact itself in H1 2026, and I do not think that gap closes on its own between now and the end of the year.
More Resources:
Featured Image: Accogliente Design/Shutterstock

                Before Greg Jarboe retired, he was the president of SEO-PR, which he co-founded with Jamie O’Donnell, from 2003 to 2025. ...             

                            Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                        
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.

                            Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                        
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.

                            Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                        
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.
In a world ruled by algorithms, SEJ brings timely, relevant information for SEOs, marketers, and entrepreneurs to optimize and grow their businesses -- and careers.

               Copyright © 2026 Search Engine Journal. All rights reserved. Published by Alpha Brand Media.
            "
70,2026-08-08,Nike Inc.’s (NYSE:NKE) latest move comes as the company continues to work toward restoring investor confidence in its turnaround story. It has made a major i...
71,2026-08-08,"Onto Innovation NYSE: ONTO reported second-quarter 2026 results above the high end of its guidance range, with revenue, margins and earnings supported by demand for semiconductor process-control systems used in advanced packaging and leading-edge chip manufacturing.


Chief Executive Officer Michael Plisinski said the company set quarterly revenue records and entered the second half with backlog exceeding $1.1 billion. He said increasing customer visibility prompted Onto Innovation to raise its outlook for second-half revenue growth to at least 25% from the first half, compared with a prior expectation for 15% growth.


“We set new quarterly revenue records with advanced nodes growing 50% quarter-over-quarter, and our inspection business, dominated by Dragonfly systems, growing by 30%,” Plisinski said.

Second-Quarter Financial Results
Chief Financial Officer Brian Roberts said second-quarter revenue totaled $343 million, up 18% sequentially and 35% from a year earlier. The company reported non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.93, which Roberts said was $0.20 above the high end of its prior guidance range.

3 Chip Stocks Approaching Buy Points Onto Innovation recorded a 57% gross margin, up 130 basis points from the first quarter and 250 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2025. Operating margin reached 30%, an increase of nearly 500 basis points from the beginning of the year, according to Roberts.

The company generated $62 million in operating cash flow during the quarter, slightly exceeding quarterly net income. As of June 30, Onto Innovation held nearly $1.9 billion in cash and short-term investments.

In May, the company completed a $1.5 billion offering of 0% convertible debt due in 2031, generating roughly $1.2 billion in net cash. It used the remaining amount for approximately $200 million of common-stock repurchases, a capped-call transaction and professional fees, Roberts said.

Advanced Nodes and Packaging Demand
Revenue from advanced-node customers rose about 50% from the first quarter to approximately $120 million. Memory represented roughly 60% of that business and grew about 60% sequentially, while logic revenue increased more than 40%.

Plisinski said demand broadened across memory, logic and NAND customers. He cited expanded adoption of the Atlas G6 platform for transistor metrology at nodes below 2 nanometers, as well as expected second-half shipments to a major DRAM customer for next-generation memory devices.

The company expects advanced-nodes revenue to grow more than 35% for full-year 2026. Plisinski also said the Iris films and integrated metrology product lines are on track for record revenue this year.

Advanced packaging and specialty devices accounted for nearly half of second-quarter revenue. Inspection revenue, led by the Dragonfly family, grew 30% sequentially as customers increased spending on 2.5D logic and high-bandwidth memory, or HBM, applications.

Onto Innovation raised its full-year advanced-packaging growth outlook to approximately 80%, from a previous projection of 50%. Plisinski said the Dragonfly G5 launch has driven demand from HBM manufacturers and outsourced semiconductor assembly and test, or OSAT, providers serving heterogeneous packaging applications.

The company received more than $200 million in Dragonfly orders from one OSAT partner during the quarter. Most of those orders are scheduled for delivery in 2027.

Backlog Extends Into 2027
Plisinski said approximately 60% to 70% of the more than $1.1 billion backlog is tied to 2026, while 30% to 40% covers 2027. He characterized the backlog as evidence of customers’ confidence in their expansion plans and their desire to secure equipment supply earlier than historical norms.

Management said the backlog includes demand for advanced packaging across HBM and 2.5D logic, including purchases by OSATs and a widening customer base, as well as continued demand for advanced-node metrology products.

While the company did not provide formal 2027 guidance, Plisinski said discussions with customers have been constructive and Onto Innovation has begun discussing volume purchase agreements for 2027. He said the company does not expect to be capacity constrained, pointing to its in-house factories and extended manufacturing partnerships in Asia.

Roberts said the extended-factory strategy, supply-chain localization, lower labor costs and reduced freight expenses contributed to 2026 margin progress. He added that a greater mix of Dragonfly G5 sales could provide further gross-margin support in 2027 because of the platform’s higher average selling price.

Raised Second-Half Outlook
For the third quarter, Onto Innovation forecast revenue of $380 million to $400 million and said fourth-quarter revenue is expected to be higher than third-quarter revenue. At the midpoint of the third-quarter range, the company expects non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.28, based on a 15% non-GAAP tax rate and slightly more than 50 million shares outstanding.

The company expects gross margin to improve by an additional 50 basis points in each of the third and fourth quarters, despite potential pressure from material costs, fuel surcharges and freight expense. It forecast a third-quarter operating margin of 32% and expects to exit 2026 with operating margin of at least 33%.

Onto Innovation also highlighted silicon photonics as an emerging opportunity. The company has received more than $50 million in orders related to the technology, with roughly two-thirds expected to ship in 2027. It estimates its served addressable market in silicon photonics could exceed $500 million by 2030.

The company plans to host an analyst meeting at the New York Stock Exchange on Dec. 17 to discuss market strategies and an updated financial model.About Onto Innovation (NYSE:ONTO)Onto Innovation NYSE: ONTO is a global supplier of advanced process control and inspection systems for semiconductor and electronics manufacturers. The company's solutions span metrology, inspection, defect review and lithography mask repair, helping customers optimize yield, reduce costs and improve device performance. By integrating high-resolution optical and e-beam tools with sophisticated software analytics, Onto Innovation enables wafer, mask and advanced packaging producers to maintain tight process control across leading-edge nodes and specialty applications.

Key products include high-throughput wafer metrology systems, optical and e-beam defect inspection platforms, mask inspection and repair tools, and data-driven software for yield management and process optimization.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Onto Innovation Right Now?Before you consider Onto Innovation, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Onto Innovation wasn't on the list.While Onto Innovation currently has a Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Stocks to Buy Before the Robotics RevolutionRobotics and automation are rapidly becoming essential infrastructure across healthcare, manufacturing, logistics, and many other industries. ""Physical AI"" is coming to the United States, and there are four ways that investors can gain exposure to this new robotics revolution. Plus, learn which seven companies are most positioned to benefit as intelligent robots enter the workforce.Get This Free Report

Chief Financial Officer Brian Roberts said second-quarter revenue totaled $343 million, up 18% sequentially and 35% from a year earlier. The company reported non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.93, which Roberts said was $0.20 above the high end of its prior guidance range.


Onto Innovation recorded a 57% gross margin, up 130 basis points from the first quarter and 250 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2025. Operating margin reached 30%, an increase of nearly 500 basis points from the beginning of the year, according to Roberts.


The company generated $62 million in operating cash flow during the quarter, slightly exceeding quarterly net income. As of June 30, Onto Innovation held nearly $1.9 billion in cash and short-term investments.


In May, the company completed a $1.5 billion offering of 0% convertible debt due in 2031, generating roughly $1.2 billion in net cash. It used the remaining amount for approximately $200 million of common-stock repurchases, a capped-call transaction and professional fees, Roberts said.

Advanced Nodes and Packaging Demand
Revenue from advanced-node customers rose about 50% from the first quarter to approximately $120 million. Memory represented roughly 60% of that business and grew about 60% sequentially, while logic revenue increased more than 40%.

Plisinski said demand broadened across memory, logic and NAND customers. He cited expanded adoption of the Atlas G6 platform for transistor metrology at nodes below 2 nanometers, as well as expected second-half shipments to a major DRAM customer for next-generation memory devices.

The company expects advanced-nodes revenue to grow more than 35% for full-year 2026. Plisinski also said the Iris films and integrated metrology product lines are on track for record revenue this year.

Advanced packaging and specialty devices accounted for nearly half of second-quarter revenue. Inspection revenue, led by the Dragonfly family, grew 30% sequentially as customers increased spending on 2.5D logic and high-bandwidth memory, or HBM, applications.

Onto Innovation raised its full-year advanced-packaging growth outlook to approximately 80%, from a previous projection of 50%. Plisinski said the Dragonfly G5 launch has driven demand from HBM manufacturers and outsourced semiconductor assembly and test, or OSAT, providers serving heterogeneous packaging applications.

The company received more than $200 million in Dragonfly orders from one OSAT partner during the quarter. Most of those orders are scheduled for delivery in 2027.

Backlog Extends Into 2027
Plisinski said approximately 60% to 70% of the more than $1.1 billion backlog is tied to 2026, while 30% to 40% covers 2027. He characterized the backlog as evidence of customers’ confidence in their expansion plans and their desire to secure equipment supply earlier than historical norms.

Management said the backlog includes demand for advanced packaging across HBM and 2.5D logic, including purchases by OSATs and a widening customer base, as well as continued demand for advanced-node metrology products.

While the company did not provide formal 2027 guidance, Plisinski said discussions with customers have been constructive and Onto Innovation has begun discussing volume purchase agreements for 2027. He said the company does not expect to be capacity constrained, pointing to its in-house factories and extended manufacturing partnerships in Asia.

Roberts said the extended-factory strategy, supply-chain localization, lower labor costs and reduced freight expenses contributed to 2026 margin progress. He added that a greater mix of Dragonfly G5 sales could provide further gross-margin support in 2027 because of the platform’s higher average selling price.

Raised Second-Half Outlook
For the third quarter, Onto Innovation forecast revenue of $380 million to $400 million and said fourth-quarter revenue is expected to be higher than third-quarter revenue. At the midpoint of the third-quarter range, the company expects non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.28, based on a 15% non-GAAP tax rate and slightly more than 50 million shares outstanding.

The company expects gross margin to improve by an additional 50 basis points in each of the third and fourth quarters, despite potential pressure from material costs, fuel surcharges and freight expense. It forecast a third-quarter operating margin of 32% and expects to exit 2026 with operating margin of at least 33%.

Onto Innovation also highlighted silicon photonics as an emerging opportunity. The company has received more than $50 million in orders related to the technology, with roughly two-thirds expected to ship in 2027. It estimates its served addressable market in silicon photonics could exceed $500 million by 2030.

The company plans to host an analyst meeting at the New York Stock Exchange on Dec. 17 to discuss market strategies and an updated financial model.About Onto Innovation (NYSE:ONTO)Onto Innovation NYSE: ONTO is a global supplier of advanced process control and inspection systems for semiconductor and electronics manufacturers. The company's solutions span metrology, inspection, defect review and lithography mask repair, helping customers optimize yield, reduce costs and improve device performance. By integrating high-resolution optical and e-beam tools with sophisticated software analytics, Onto Innovation enables wafer, mask and advanced packaging producers to maintain tight process control across leading-edge nodes and specialty applications.

Key products include high-throughput wafer metrology systems, optical and e-beam defect inspection platforms, mask inspection and repair tools, and data-driven software for yield management and process optimization.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Onto Innovation Right Now?Before you consider Onto Innovation, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Onto Innovation wasn't on the list.While Onto Innovation currently has a Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Stocks to Buy Before the Robotics RevolutionRobotics and automation are rapidly becoming essential infrastructure across healthcare, manufacturing, logistics, and many other industries. ""Physical AI"" is coming to the United States, and there are four ways that investors can gain exposure to this new robotics revolution. Plus, learn which seven companies are most positioned to benefit as intelligent robots enter the workforce.Get This Free Report

Revenue from advanced-node customers rose about 50% from the first quarter to approximately $120 million. Memory represented roughly 60% of that business and grew about 60% sequentially, while logic revenue increased more than 40%.


Plisinski said demand broadened across memory, logic and NAND customers. He cited expanded adoption of the Atlas G6 platform for transistor metrology at nodes below 2 nanometers, as well as expected second-half shipments to a major DRAM customer for next-generation memory devices.


The company expects advanced-nodes revenue to grow more than 35% for full-year 2026. Plisinski also said the Iris films and integrated metrology product lines are on track for record revenue this year.


Advanced packaging and specialty devices accounted for nearly half of second-quarter revenue. Inspection revenue, led by the Dragonfly family, grew 30% sequentially as customers increased spending on 2.5D logic and high-bandwidth memory, or HBM, applications.


Onto Innovation raised its full-year advanced-packaging growth outlook to approximately 80%, from a previous projection of 50%. Plisinski said the Dragonfly G5 launch has driven demand from HBM manufacturers and outsourced semiconductor assembly and test, or OSAT, providers serving heterogeneous packaging applications.


The company received more than $200 million in Dragonfly orders from one OSAT partner during the quarter. Most of those orders are scheduled for delivery in 2027.

Backlog Extends Into 2027
Plisinski said approximately 60% to 70% of the more than $1.1 billion backlog is tied to 2026, while 30% to 40% covers 2027. He characterized the backlog as evidence of customers’ confidence in their expansion plans and their desire to secure equipment supply earlier than historical norms.

Management said the backlog includes demand for advanced packaging across HBM and 2.5D logic, including purchases by OSATs and a widening customer base, as well as continued demand for advanced-node metrology products.

While the company did not provide formal 2027 guidance, Plisinski said discussions with customers have been constructive and Onto Innovation has begun discussing volume purchase agreements for 2027. He said the company does not expect to be capacity constrained, pointing to its in-house factories and extended manufacturing partnerships in Asia.

Roberts said the extended-factory strategy, supply-chain localization, lower labor costs and reduced freight expenses contributed to 2026 margin progress. He added that a greater mix of Dragonfly G5 sales could provide further gross-margin support in 2027 because of the platform’s higher average selling price.

Raised Second-Half Outlook
For the third quarter, Onto Innovation forecast revenue of $380 million to $400 million and said fourth-quarter revenue is expected to be higher than third-quarter revenue. At the midpoint of the third-quarter range, the company expects non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.28, based on a 15% non-GAAP tax rate and slightly more than 50 million shares outstanding.

The company expects gross margin to improve by an additional 50 basis points in each of the third and fourth quarters, despite potential pressure from material costs, fuel surcharges and freight expense. It forecast a third-quarter operating margin of 32% and expects to exit 2026 with operating margin of at least 33%.

Onto Innovation also highlighted silicon photonics as an emerging opportunity. The company has received more than $50 million in orders related to the technology, with roughly two-thirds expected to ship in 2027. It estimates its served addressable market in silicon photonics could exceed $500 million by 2030.

The company plans to host an analyst meeting at the New York Stock Exchange on Dec. 17 to discuss market strategies and an updated financial model.About Onto Innovation (NYSE:ONTO)Onto Innovation NYSE: ONTO is a global supplier of advanced process control and inspection systems for semiconductor and electronics manufacturers. The company's solutions span metrology, inspection, defect review and lithography mask repair, helping customers optimize yield, reduce costs and improve device performance. By integrating high-resolution optical and e-beam tools with sophisticated software analytics, Onto Innovation enables wafer, mask and advanced packaging producers to maintain tight process control across leading-edge nodes and specialty applications.

Key products include high-throughput wafer metrology systems, optical and e-beam defect inspection platforms, mask inspection and repair tools, and data-driven software for yield management and process optimization.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Onto Innovation Right Now?Before you consider Onto Innovation, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Onto Innovation wasn't on the list.While Onto Innovation currently has a Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Stocks to Buy Before the Robotics RevolutionRobotics and automation are rapidly becoming essential infrastructure across healthcare, manufacturing, logistics, and many other industries. ""Physical AI"" is coming to the United States, and there are four ways that investors can gain exposure to this new robotics revolution. Plus, learn which seven companies are most positioned to benefit as intelligent robots enter the workforce.Get This Free Report

Plisinski said approximately 60% to 70% of the more than $1.1 billion backlog is tied to 2026, while 30% to 40% covers 2027. He characterized the backlog as evidence of customers’ confidence in their expansion plans and their desire to secure equipment supply earlier than historical norms.


Management said the backlog includes demand for advanced packaging across HBM and 2.5D logic, including purchases by OSATs and a widening customer base, as well as continued demand for advanced-node metrology products.


While the company did not provide formal 2027 guidance, Plisinski said discussions with customers have been constructive and Onto Innovation has begun discussing volume purchase agreements for 2027. He said the company does not expect to be capacity constrained, pointing to its in-house factories and extended manufacturing partnerships in Asia.


Roberts said the extended-factory strategy, supply-chain localization, lower labor costs and reduced freight expenses contributed to 2026 margin progress. He added that a greater mix of Dragonfly G5 sales could provide further gross-margin support in 2027 because of the platform’s higher average selling price.

Raised Second-Half Outlook
For the third quarter, Onto Innovation forecast revenue of $380 million to $400 million and said fourth-quarter revenue is expected to be higher than third-quarter revenue. At the midpoint of the third-quarter range, the company expects non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.28, based on a 15% non-GAAP tax rate and slightly more than 50 million shares outstanding.

The company expects gross margin to improve by an additional 50 basis points in each of the third and fourth quarters, despite potential pressure from material costs, fuel surcharges and freight expense. It forecast a third-quarter operating margin of 32% and expects to exit 2026 with operating margin of at least 33%.

Onto Innovation also highlighted silicon photonics as an emerging opportunity. The company has received more than $50 million in orders related to the technology, with roughly two-thirds expected to ship in 2027. It estimates its served addressable market in silicon photonics could exceed $500 million by 2030.

The company plans to host an analyst meeting at the New York Stock Exchange on Dec. 17 to discuss market strategies and an updated financial model.About Onto Innovation (NYSE:ONTO)Onto Innovation NYSE: ONTO is a global supplier of advanced process control and inspection systems for semiconductor and electronics manufacturers. The company's solutions span metrology, inspection, defect review and lithography mask repair, helping customers optimize yield, reduce costs and improve device performance. By integrating high-resolution optical and e-beam tools with sophisticated software analytics, Onto Innovation enables wafer, mask and advanced packaging producers to maintain tight process control across leading-edge nodes and specialty applications.

Key products include high-throughput wafer metrology systems, optical and e-beam defect inspection platforms, mask inspection and repair tools, and data-driven software for yield management and process optimization.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Onto Innovation Right Now?Before you consider Onto Innovation, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Onto Innovation wasn't on the list.While Onto Innovation currently has a Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Stocks to Buy Before the Robotics RevolutionRobotics and automation are rapidly becoming essential infrastructure across healthcare, manufacturing, logistics, and many other industries. ""Physical AI"" is coming to the United States, and there are four ways that investors can gain exposure to this new robotics revolution. Plus, learn which seven companies are most positioned to benefit as intelligent robots enter the workforce.Get This Free Report

For the third quarter, Onto Innovation forecast revenue of $380 million to $400 million and said fourth-quarter revenue is expected to be higher than third-quarter revenue. At the midpoint of the third-quarter range, the company expects non-GAAP earnings per share of approximately $2.28, based on a 15% non-GAAP tax rate and slightly more than 50 million shares outstanding.


The company expects gross margin to improve by an additional 50 basis points in each of the third and fourth quarters, despite potential pressure from material costs, fuel surcharges and freight expense. It forecast a third-quarter operating margin of 32% and expects to exit 2026 with operating margin of at least 33%.


Onto Innovation also highlighted silicon photonics as an emerging opportunity. The company has received more than $50 million in orders related to the technology, with roughly two-thirds expected to ship in 2027. It estimates its served addressable market in silicon photonics could exceed $500 million by 2030.


The company plans to host an analyst meeting at the New York Stock Exchange on Dec. 17 to discuss market strategies and an updated financial model.About Onto Innovation (NYSE:ONTO)Onto Innovation NYSE: ONTO is a global supplier of advanced process control and inspection systems for semiconductor and electronics manufacturers. The company's solutions span metrology, inspection, defect review and lithography mask repair, helping customers optimize yield, reduce costs and improve device performance. By integrating high-resolution optical and e-beam tools with sophisticated software analytics, Onto Innovation enables wafer, mask and advanced packaging producers to maintain tight process control across leading-edge nodes and specialty applications.

Key products include high-throughput wafer metrology systems, optical and e-beam defect inspection platforms, mask inspection and repair tools, and data-driven software for yield management and process optimization.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Onto Innovation Right Now?Before you consider Onto Innovation, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Onto Innovation wasn't on the list.While Onto Innovation currently has a Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Stocks to Buy Before the Robotics RevolutionRobotics and automation are rapidly becoming essential infrastructure across healthcare, manufacturing, logistics, and many other industries. ""Physical AI"" is coming to the United States, and there are four ways that investors can gain exposure to this new robotics revolution. Plus, learn which seven companies are most positioned to benefit as intelligent robots enter the workforce.Get This Free Report

Onto Innovation NYSE: ONTO is a global supplier of advanced process control and inspection systems for semiconductor and electronics manufacturers. The company's solutions span metrology, inspection, defect review and lithography mask repair, helping customers optimize yield, reduce costs and improve device performance. By integrating high-resolution optical and e-beam tools with sophisticated software analytics, Onto Innovation enables wafer, mask and advanced packaging producers to maintain tight process control across leading-edge nodes and specialty applications.


Key products include high-throughput wafer metrology systems, optical and e-beam defect inspection platforms, mask inspection and repair tools, and data-driven software for yield management and process optimization.
This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.
Before you consider Onto Innovation, you'll want to hear this.
MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Onto Innovation wasn't on the list.
While Onto Innovation currently has a Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.
View The Five Stocks Here 
Robotics and automation are rapidly becoming essential infrastructure across healthcare, manufacturing, logistics, and many other industries. ""Physical AI"" is coming to the United States, and there are four ways that investors can gain exposure to this new robotics revolution. Plus, learn which seven companies are most positioned to benefit as intelligent robots enter the workforce.
Robotics and automation are rapidly becoming essential infrastructure across healthcare, manufacturing, logistics, and many other industries. ""Physical AI"" is coming to the United States, and there are four ways that investors can gain exposure to this new robotics revolution. Plus, learn which seven companies are most positioned to benefit as intelligent robots enter the workforce.
Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools and reports.
Featured By

                                        345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103
                                        
                                        contact@marketbeat.com
                                        
                                        (844) 978-6257
                                    
© MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved.

                                © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided by Massive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see Barchart's disclaimer. 

My Account - 
"
72,2026-08-08,"Realty Income NYSE: O raised its full-year 2026 outlook after reporting second-quarter adjusted funds from operations, or AFFO, per share growth of 3.8% to $1.09, supported by investment activity across industrial properties, Europe, private-capital vehicles and data centers.


Year-to-date AFFO per share reached $2.22, up 5.2% from the same period of 2025. Chief Executive Officer Sumit Roy said the company increased the midpoint of its full-year AFFO guidance by $0.02, setting a new range of $4.44 to $4.45 per share. The midpoint implies approximately 4% annual growth.


The company also lifted its 2026 investment-volume target to $10 billion from $9.5 billion, citing a robust investment pipeline. Realty Income expects approximately $9 billion of that amount to be invested at its share.

Investment activity concentrated in industrial
Realty Income reported approximately $2.6 billion of global investments during the second quarter, or $2.1 billion at its pro-rata share, at an initial weighted average cash yield of 7.3%.

Nano Nuclear’s Air Force Contract Puts Its Short-Squeeze Setup in FocusU.S. investments accounted for roughly $1.7 billion at Realty Income's share and carried a 7.4% weighted average cash yield. Industrial assets represented about $800 million of U.S. activity and approximately 65% of global real estate investments for the quarter.

Roy said industrial acquisitions were supported by improving market fundamentals and contractual rent escalators generally ranging from 2% to 3.5% annually. Nearly half of industrial acquisition net operating income came from investment-grade clients, he said.

The company invested about $400 million in Europe at a weighted average yield of 7%. Neil Abraham, chief strategy officer and president of Realty Income International, said the European pipeline includes grocery, do-it-yourself retail, industrial logistics, onshoring and advanced-manufacturing opportunities.

Abraham said the company remains constructive on Europe, despite geopolitical uncertainty earlier in the year. He also said cap-rate pressure in the United Kingdom and much of Europe has generally been downward due to institutional capital inflows, with Germany an exception.

Private-capital platform and data center expansion
Realty Income's U.S. Core Plus Fund acquired approximately $673 million of assets globally during the quarter, with industrial accounting for more than half of the volume and retail comprising the remainder. The fund's remaining cornerstone commitments were fully deployed, bringing total gross asset value to approximately $3 billion.

Assets acquired by the fund in the second quarter generated a 6% weighted average cash yield. Roy said the fund enables Realty Income to pursue lower-initial-yield assets that may not be accretive on the company's balance sheet while generating management-fee income and day-one accretion for shareholders.

Chief Financial Officer Jonathan Pong said management-fee income totaled approximately $3.2 million in the quarter, largely from the Core Plus Fund and a separate insurance joint venture. He said Realty Income expects roughly $10 million of management fees from the fund and another $2 million to $3 million from the insurance venture during 2026.

On June 30, Realty Income announced a $6 billion programmatic hyperscale data center joint venture with Cloud Capital. Realty Income expects to invest up to $1.4 billion over time for a 45% equity interest in the venture, which includes three Northern Virginia data center properties representing less than 400 megawatts of capacity.

Roy said Realty Income had closed on the first stabilized property and expects to acquire interests in two development assets when they stabilize. The company sees demand for data center capacity continuing to exceed available supply in major markets, driven by artificial intelligence, cloud computing and broader digitization.

Chief Investment Officer Mark Hagan said Realty Income intends to diversify its data center tenant exposure and focus on investment-grade hyperscale and enterprise users. He said the company could invest in European data center markets and may participate at different stages of development, including through credit investments.

Balance sheet, leasing and capital recycling
Realty Income ended the quarter with approximately $3.5 billion of available liquidity on a pro-rata basis. Net debt to annualized pro forma adjusted EBITDA was 5.4 times, or 5.2 times including unsettled at-the-market equity forwards, within the company's target range.

After quarter-end financing actions, Pong said pro forma liquidity rose above $5.7 billion. Those actions included expanding global revolving credit facilities to $5.5 billion, increasing the commercial paper program to $5.5 billion, issuing a €600 million bond at a 3.7% yield, and raising another $90 million of forward equity.

Year to date, the company issued $3 billion of debt at a blended effective coupon of 3.9%, compared with $1.4 billion of maturities at a 4% blended coupon. Fitch also initiated coverage of Realty Income with an A long-term issuer default rating, Pong said.

Portfolio occupancy was 98.8% at quarter-end. Realty Income re-leased 482 units at a blended rent recapture rate of 102.7%, including renewals at 104.6%. Industrial leasing generated a 105.8% recapture rate, while international recapture reached 112.9%.

The company completed $161 million in dispositions during the quarter. Roy said the capital-recycling strategy is intended to reallocate capital toward property types, geographies and opportunities with stronger organic-growth prospects, pricing power and long-term value potential. Investment-grade client exposure rose to 34% of annualized rent from 32% in the prior quarter.

Realty Income maintained its full-year credit-loss outlook at about 40 basis points of rental revenue and did not change its forecast for lease-termination income of $45 million to $50 million. Pong said the higher AFFO outlook reflected stronger investment volumes and yields, modest credit losses, capital-markets execution and improved visibility into deal timing.About Realty Income (NYSE:O)Realty Income Corporation NYSE: O is a real estate investment trust (REIT) that acquires, owns and manages commercial properties subject primarily to long-term net lease agreements. The company's business model focuses on generating predictable, contractual rental income by leasing properties to tenants under agreements that typically place responsibility for taxes, insurance and maintenance on the tenant. Realty Income is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange and markets itself as a reliable income-oriented REIT.

Realty Income's portfolio is concentrated in single-tenant, retail and service-oriented properties such as drugstores, convenience stores, dollar and discount retailers, restaurants, and other essential-service businesses.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Realty Income Right Now?Before you consider Realty Income, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Realty Income wasn't on the list.While Realty Income currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Best Space Stocks to Own in 2026The space race is growing fast, and you don’t have to have gotten in early on SpaceX to profit. This report shows seven space stocks you can buy today that may grow as rockets, satellites, defense, space internet, and new space technology become more important.Get This Free Report

Realty Income reported approximately $2.6 billion of global investments during the second quarter, or $2.1 billion at its pro-rata share, at an initial weighted average cash yield of 7.3%.


U.S. investments accounted for roughly $1.7 billion at Realty Income's share and carried a 7.4% weighted average cash yield. Industrial assets represented about $800 million of U.S. activity and approximately 65% of global real estate investments for the quarter.


Roy said industrial acquisitions were supported by improving market fundamentals and contractual rent escalators generally ranging from 2% to 3.5% annually. Nearly half of industrial acquisition net operating income came from investment-grade clients, he said.


The company invested about $400 million in Europe at a weighted average yield of 7%. Neil Abraham, chief strategy officer and president of Realty Income International, said the European pipeline includes grocery, do-it-yourself retail, industrial logistics, onshoring and advanced-manufacturing opportunities.


Abraham said the company remains constructive on Europe, despite geopolitical uncertainty earlier in the year. He also said cap-rate pressure in the United Kingdom and much of Europe has generally been downward due to institutional capital inflows, with Germany an exception.

Private-capital platform and data center expansion
Realty Income's U.S. Core Plus Fund acquired approximately $673 million of assets globally during the quarter, with industrial accounting for more than half of the volume and retail comprising the remainder. The fund's remaining cornerstone commitments were fully deployed, bringing total gross asset value to approximately $3 billion.

Assets acquired by the fund in the second quarter generated a 6% weighted average cash yield. Roy said the fund enables Realty Income to pursue lower-initial-yield assets that may not be accretive on the company's balance sheet while generating management-fee income and day-one accretion for shareholders.

Chief Financial Officer Jonathan Pong said management-fee income totaled approximately $3.2 million in the quarter, largely from the Core Plus Fund and a separate insurance joint venture. He said Realty Income expects roughly $10 million of management fees from the fund and another $2 million to $3 million from the insurance venture during 2026.

On June 30, Realty Income announced a $6 billion programmatic hyperscale data center joint venture with Cloud Capital. Realty Income expects to invest up to $1.4 billion over time for a 45% equity interest in the venture, which includes three Northern Virginia data center properties representing less than 400 megawatts of capacity.

Roy said Realty Income had closed on the first stabilized property and expects to acquire interests in two development assets when they stabilize. The company sees demand for data center capacity continuing to exceed available supply in major markets, driven by artificial intelligence, cloud computing and broader digitization.

Chief Investment Officer Mark Hagan said Realty Income intends to diversify its data center tenant exposure and focus on investment-grade hyperscale and enterprise users. He said the company could invest in European data center markets and may participate at different stages of development, including through credit investments.

Balance sheet, leasing and capital recycling
Realty Income ended the quarter with approximately $3.5 billion of available liquidity on a pro-rata basis. Net debt to annualized pro forma adjusted EBITDA was 5.4 times, or 5.2 times including unsettled at-the-market equity forwards, within the company's target range.

After quarter-end financing actions, Pong said pro forma liquidity rose above $5.7 billion. Those actions included expanding global revolving credit facilities to $5.5 billion, increasing the commercial paper program to $5.5 billion, issuing a €600 million bond at a 3.7% yield, and raising another $90 million of forward equity.

Year to date, the company issued $3 billion of debt at a blended effective coupon of 3.9%, compared with $1.4 billion of maturities at a 4% blended coupon. Fitch also initiated coverage of Realty Income with an A long-term issuer default rating, Pong said.

Portfolio occupancy was 98.8% at quarter-end. Realty Income re-leased 482 units at a blended rent recapture rate of 102.7%, including renewals at 104.6%. Industrial leasing generated a 105.8% recapture rate, while international recapture reached 112.9%.

The company completed $161 million in dispositions during the quarter. Roy said the capital-recycling strategy is intended to reallocate capital toward property types, geographies and opportunities with stronger organic-growth prospects, pricing power and long-term value potential. Investment-grade client exposure rose to 34% of annualized rent from 32% in the prior quarter.

Realty Income maintained its full-year credit-loss outlook at about 40 basis points of rental revenue and did not change its forecast for lease-termination income of $45 million to $50 million. Pong said the higher AFFO outlook reflected stronger investment volumes and yields, modest credit losses, capital-markets execution and improved visibility into deal timing.About Realty Income (NYSE:O)Realty Income Corporation NYSE: O is a real estate investment trust (REIT) that acquires, owns and manages commercial properties subject primarily to long-term net lease agreements. The company's business model focuses on generating predictable, contractual rental income by leasing properties to tenants under agreements that typically place responsibility for taxes, insurance and maintenance on the tenant. Realty Income is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange and markets itself as a reliable income-oriented REIT.

Realty Income's portfolio is concentrated in single-tenant, retail and service-oriented properties such as drugstores, convenience stores, dollar and discount retailers, restaurants, and other essential-service businesses.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Realty Income Right Now?Before you consider Realty Income, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Realty Income wasn't on the list.While Realty Income currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Best Space Stocks to Own in 2026The space race is growing fast, and you don’t have to have gotten in early on SpaceX to profit. This report shows seven space stocks you can buy today that may grow as rockets, satellites, defense, space internet, and new space technology become more important.Get This Free Report

Realty Income's U.S. Core Plus Fund acquired approximately $673 million of assets globally during the quarter, with industrial accounting for more than half of the volume and retail comprising the remainder. The fund's remaining cornerstone commitments were fully deployed, bringing total gross asset value to approximately $3 billion.


Assets acquired by the fund in the second quarter generated a 6% weighted average cash yield. Roy said the fund enables Realty Income to pursue lower-initial-yield assets that may not be accretive on the company's balance sheet while generating management-fee income and day-one accretion for shareholders.


Chief Financial Officer Jonathan Pong said management-fee income totaled approximately $3.2 million in the quarter, largely from the Core Plus Fund and a separate insurance joint venture. He said Realty Income expects roughly $10 million of management fees from the fund and another $2 million to $3 million from the insurance venture during 2026.


On June 30, Realty Income announced a $6 billion programmatic hyperscale data center joint venture with Cloud Capital. Realty Income expects to invest up to $1.4 billion over time for a 45% equity interest in the venture, which includes three Northern Virginia data center properties representing less than 400 megawatts of capacity.


Roy said Realty Income had closed on the first stabilized property and expects to acquire interests in two development assets when they stabilize. The company sees demand for data center capacity continuing to exceed available supply in major markets, driven by artificial intelligence, cloud computing and broader digitization.


Chief Investment Officer Mark Hagan said Realty Income intends to diversify its data center tenant exposure and focus on investment-grade hyperscale and enterprise users. He said the company could invest in European data center markets and may participate at different stages of development, including through credit investments.

Balance sheet, leasing and capital recycling
Realty Income ended the quarter with approximately $3.5 billion of available liquidity on a pro-rata basis. Net debt to annualized pro forma adjusted EBITDA was 5.4 times, or 5.2 times including unsettled at-the-market equity forwards, within the company's target range.

After quarter-end financing actions, Pong said pro forma liquidity rose above $5.7 billion. Those actions included expanding global revolving credit facilities to $5.5 billion, increasing the commercial paper program to $5.5 billion, issuing a €600 million bond at a 3.7% yield, and raising another $90 million of forward equity.

Year to date, the company issued $3 billion of debt at a blended effective coupon of 3.9%, compared with $1.4 billion of maturities at a 4% blended coupon. Fitch also initiated coverage of Realty Income with an A long-term issuer default rating, Pong said.

Portfolio occupancy was 98.8% at quarter-end. Realty Income re-leased 482 units at a blended rent recapture rate of 102.7%, including renewals at 104.6%. Industrial leasing generated a 105.8% recapture rate, while international recapture reached 112.9%.

The company completed $161 million in dispositions during the quarter. Roy said the capital-recycling strategy is intended to reallocate capital toward property types, geographies and opportunities with stronger organic-growth prospects, pricing power and long-term value potential. Investment-grade client exposure rose to 34% of annualized rent from 32% in the prior quarter.

Realty Income maintained its full-year credit-loss outlook at about 40 basis points of rental revenue and did not change its forecast for lease-termination income of $45 million to $50 million. Pong said the higher AFFO outlook reflected stronger investment volumes and yields, modest credit losses, capital-markets execution and improved visibility into deal timing.About Realty Income (NYSE:O)Realty Income Corporation NYSE: O is a real estate investment trust (REIT) that acquires, owns and manages commercial properties subject primarily to long-term net lease agreements. The company's business model focuses on generating predictable, contractual rental income by leasing properties to tenants under agreements that typically place responsibility for taxes, insurance and maintenance on the tenant. Realty Income is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange and markets itself as a reliable income-oriented REIT.

Realty Income's portfolio is concentrated in single-tenant, retail and service-oriented properties such as drugstores, convenience stores, dollar and discount retailers, restaurants, and other essential-service businesses.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Realty Income Right Now?Before you consider Realty Income, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Realty Income wasn't on the list.While Realty Income currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Best Space Stocks to Own in 2026The space race is growing fast, and you don’t have to have gotten in early on SpaceX to profit. This report shows seven space stocks you can buy today that may grow as rockets, satellites, defense, space internet, and new space technology become more important.Get This Free Report

Realty Income ended the quarter with approximately $3.5 billion of available liquidity on a pro-rata basis. Net debt to annualized pro forma adjusted EBITDA was 5.4 times, or 5.2 times including unsettled at-the-market equity forwards, within the company's target range.


After quarter-end financing actions, Pong said pro forma liquidity rose above $5.7 billion. Those actions included expanding global revolving credit facilities to $5.5 billion, increasing the commercial paper program to $5.5 billion, issuing a €600 million bond at a 3.7% yield, and raising another $90 million of forward equity.


Year to date, the company issued $3 billion of debt at a blended effective coupon of 3.9%, compared with $1.4 billion of maturities at a 4% blended coupon. Fitch also initiated coverage of Realty Income with an A long-term issuer default rating, Pong said.


Portfolio occupancy was 98.8% at quarter-end. Realty Income re-leased 482 units at a blended rent recapture rate of 102.7%, including renewals at 104.6%. Industrial leasing generated a 105.8% recapture rate, while international recapture reached 112.9%.


The company completed $161 million in dispositions during the quarter. Roy said the capital-recycling strategy is intended to reallocate capital toward property types, geographies and opportunities with stronger organic-growth prospects, pricing power and long-term value potential. Investment-grade client exposure rose to 34% of annualized rent from 32% in the prior quarter.


Realty Income maintained its full-year credit-loss outlook at about 40 basis points of rental revenue and did not change its forecast for lease-termination income of $45 million to $50 million. Pong said the higher AFFO outlook reflected stronger investment volumes and yields, modest credit losses, capital-markets execution and improved visibility into deal timing.About Realty Income (NYSE:O)Realty Income Corporation NYSE: O is a real estate investment trust (REIT) that acquires, owns and manages commercial properties subject primarily to long-term net lease agreements. The company's business model focuses on generating predictable, contractual rental income by leasing properties to tenants under agreements that typically place responsibility for taxes, insurance and maintenance on the tenant. Realty Income is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange and markets itself as a reliable income-oriented REIT.

Realty Income's portfolio is concentrated in single-tenant, retail and service-oriented properties such as drugstores, convenience stores, dollar and discount retailers, restaurants, and other essential-service businesses.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Realty Income Right Now?Before you consider Realty Income, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Realty Income wasn't on the list.While Realty Income currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Best Space Stocks to Own in 2026The space race is growing fast, and you don’t have to have gotten in early on SpaceX to profit. This report shows seven space stocks you can buy today that may grow as rockets, satellites, defense, space internet, and new space technology become more important.Get This Free Report

Realty Income Corporation NYSE: O is a real estate investment trust (REIT) that acquires, owns and manages commercial properties subject primarily to long-term net lease agreements. The company's business model focuses on generating predictable, contractual rental income by leasing properties to tenants under agreements that typically place responsibility for taxes, insurance and maintenance on the tenant. Realty Income is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange and markets itself as a reliable income-oriented REIT.


Realty Income's portfolio is concentrated in single-tenant, retail and service-oriented properties such as drugstores, convenience stores, dollar and discount retailers, restaurants, and other essential-service businesses.
This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.
Before you consider Realty Income, you'll want to hear this.
MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Realty Income wasn't on the list.
While Realty Income currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.
View The Five Stocks Here 
The space race is growing fast, and you don’t have to have gotten in early on SpaceX to profit. This report shows seven space stocks you can buy today that may grow as rockets, satellites, defense, space internet, and new space technology become more important.
Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools and reports.
Featured By

                                        345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103
                                        
                                        contact@marketbeat.com
                                        
                                        (844) 978-6257
                                    
© MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved.

                                © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided by Massive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see Barchart's disclaimer. 

My Account - 
"
73,2026-08-08,"Onity Group NYSE: ONIT reported double-digit year-over-year revenue growth and record quarterly origination volume in the second quarter of 2026, while transaction costs and unfavorable fair-value adjustments contributed to a net loss.


Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer Glen Messina said the company’s balanced mortgage origination and servicing model continued to provide offsetting earnings dynamics as interest rates changed. Higher rates during the second quarter supported servicing profitability, while origination adjusted pre-tax income declined sequentially.


“Our sound strategy and strong operating fundamentals delivered double-digit year-over-year revenue growth and record origination volume,” Messina said. He added that Onity completed its reverse asset sale to Finance of America and transferred most of its legacy subservicing business back to Rithm.


Messina said the transactions are intended to simplify the company’s operations, improve profitability and focus, and provide greater strategic flexibility. The quarterly net loss included approximately $33 million of pre-tax costs associated with the transactions and market-driven unfavorable asset fair-value adjustments.

Revenue Growth and Record Originations
Chief Financial Officer Sean O’Neil said revenue increased 24% from a year earlier, supported by higher servicing and origination volumes, improved recapture rates, lower servicing advances and data analytics. Sequential revenue growth was modest, as servicing growth more than offset an origination decline.

Funded originations reached $15.5 billion in the second quarter, the largest quarterly volume in the company’s history. Messina said originations rose 64% from the prior-year period and outpaced industry growth. The business-to-business channel, including correspondent lending and co-issue activity, was the largest contributor to the volume increase.

O’Neil said origination pre-tax income rose more than threefold from the prior year, driven by increased combined-business volume and stronger execution. Margins improved as well, with Messina noting that margins increased from 23 basis points to 26 basis points.

Consumer-direct lending remained profitable, though its adjusted pre-tax income declined sequentially. O’Neil attributed that decline to a 30% quarter-over-quarter decrease in lock volume and higher operating expenses from commissions tied to the first-quarter refinance surge.

Onity’s refinance recapture rate was 51% in the second quarter, up three percentage points from a year earlier, while refinance payoff volume increased roughly threefold. The company also reported that home-equity product volume doubled from the prior-year quarter. Second-lien originations more than doubled year over year, with more than $70 million funded during the quarter.

Servicing Growth and Portfolio Changes
Total servicing unpaid principal balance rose 10% from a year earlier, compared with 3% growth for the overall servicing industry, according to Messina. Servicing additions net of runoff totaled $76 billion year over year, primarily reflecting organic growth and offsetting planned transfers to Rithm and deboardings associated with client asset sales.

First-half subservicing additions reached $35 billion, exceeding management’s guidance. Onity said it won business from capital partners, banks and independent mortgage banks and saw growth in business-purpose residential and commercial subservicing. Commercial and business-purpose residential subservicing UPB rose 25% from a year earlier.

Servicing revenue increased 13% year over year and 3% sequentially, helped by growth in owned mortgage servicing rights, or MSRs. Servicing adjusted pre-tax income improved from the first quarter because of better float income and improved runoff as mortgage rates remained elevated during the second quarter.

However, servicing adjusted pre-tax income remained lower than a year earlier, primarily because MSR runoff increased nearly 80% year over year as lower rates in prior quarters contributed to refinancing activity.

The company changed its non-GAAP methodology for adjusted pre-tax income. Under the revised approach, MSR runoff is based on actual servicing UPB runoff, while changes related to rates, inputs and assumptions are classified as notable items rather than included in adjusted pre-tax income.

Reverse Sale Reduces Fair-Value Exposure
O’Neil said approximately $24 million of the decline in GAAP pre-tax income was related to nonrecurring transaction costs or fair-value marks on reverse assets. The Finance of America sale and costs associated with the Rithm deboarding created a $9 million negative one-time effect during the quarter.

The remaining pressure came largely from lower fair values on reverse assets, including less favorable HECM spreads. O’Neil said about 80% of the fair value of those reverse assets has been sold to Finance of America, which should materially reduce the company’s exposure to reverse MSR valuation volatility.

Management said the remaining reverse assets are older and have shorter duration, making them less sensitive to spread movements. Other fair-value impacts included a mild increase in delinquencies and hedge costs.

Messina said the company saw an increase in GSE 30-day delinquencies, which management believes may reflect a seasonal pattern around the Fourth of July holiday. He said the company is monitoring longer-term 60- and 90-day delinquency measures more closely and has not seen indicators of a material shift in borrower payment behavior.

ROE Initiatives and Capital Allocation
Onity outlined three areas intended to improve long-term return on equity: increasing servicing scale, optimizing its portfolio and expanding technology-driven productivity. Management said every $50 billion of servicing growth can reduce fixed cost per loan by 13%.

The company is targeting an approximate 50-50 mix of owned servicing and subservicing. It has reduced its investment in reverse MSRs, citing yields about two percentage points below forward MSRs, limited leverageability and greater volatility.

Onity is also deploying machine learning, voice agents, call-monitoring analytics and workflow tools through its partnership with Blend. O’Neil said the company is targeting roughly $3 million in annual savings at its current portfolio size as it scales AI-powered contact-center solutions.

The company completed a $10 million share repurchase authorization and has an additional $20 million buyback authorization in place. Management said the repurchase program reflects its view that its shares are trading materially below book value.

Looking ahead, Messina said persistent geopolitical instability, inflation and market volatility led the company to expect full-year 2026 adjusted ROE at the low end of its guidance range. O’Neil said the company was guiding to the lower end of its stated 10% to 15% range based on current market conditions and first-half results.About Onity Group (NYSE:ONIT)Onity Group, listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker ONIT, is a technology company specializing in enterprise operations management software. Its platform is designed to help legal, finance, human resources and corporate services teams automate and streamline mission-critical workflows. Leveraging artificial intelligence and no-code automation tools, Onity's solutions aim to reduce manual processes, improve visibility and ensure compliance across complex organizational structures.

The company's flagship offerings include contract lifecycle management, matter management, e-billing and spend management, as well as enterprise deal management.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Onity Group Right Now?Before you consider Onity Group, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Onity Group wasn't on the list.While Onity Group currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Stocks That Will Be Magnificent in 2026Discover the next wave of investment opportunities with our report, 7 Stocks That Will Be Magnificent in 2026. Explore companies poised to replicate the growth, innovation, and value creation of the tech giants dominating today's markets.Get This Free Report

Chief Financial Officer Sean O’Neil said revenue increased 24% from a year earlier, supported by higher servicing and origination volumes, improved recapture rates, lower servicing advances and data analytics. Sequential revenue growth was modest, as servicing growth more than offset an origination decline.


Funded originations reached $15.5 billion in the second quarter, the largest quarterly volume in the company’s history. Messina said originations rose 64% from the prior-year period and outpaced industry growth. The business-to-business channel, including correspondent lending and co-issue activity, was the largest contributor to the volume increase.


O’Neil said origination pre-tax income rose more than threefold from the prior year, driven by increased combined-business volume and stronger execution. Margins improved as well, with Messina noting that margins increased from 23 basis points to 26 basis points.


Consumer-direct lending remained profitable, though its adjusted pre-tax income declined sequentially. O’Neil attributed that decline to a 30% quarter-over-quarter decrease in lock volume and higher operating expenses from commissions tied to the first-quarter refinance surge.


Onity’s refinance recapture rate was 51% in the second quarter, up three percentage points from a year earlier, while refinance payoff volume increased roughly threefold. The company also reported that home-equity product volume doubled from the prior-year quarter. Second-lien originations more than doubled year over year, with more than $70 million funded during the quarter.

Servicing Growth and Portfolio Changes
Total servicing unpaid principal balance rose 10% from a year earlier, compared with 3% growth for the overall servicing industry, according to Messina. Servicing additions net of runoff totaled $76 billion year over year, primarily reflecting organic growth and offsetting planned transfers to Rithm and deboardings associated with client asset sales.

First-half subservicing additions reached $35 billion, exceeding management’s guidance. Onity said it won business from capital partners, banks and independent mortgage banks and saw growth in business-purpose residential and commercial subservicing. Commercial and business-purpose residential subservicing UPB rose 25% from a year earlier.

Servicing revenue increased 13% year over year and 3% sequentially, helped by growth in owned mortgage servicing rights, or MSRs. Servicing adjusted pre-tax income improved from the first quarter because of better float income and improved runoff as mortgage rates remained elevated during the second quarter.

However, servicing adjusted pre-tax income remained lower than a year earlier, primarily because MSR runoff increased nearly 80% year over year as lower rates in prior quarters contributed to refinancing activity.

The company changed its non-GAAP methodology for adjusted pre-tax income. Under the revised approach, MSR runoff is based on actual servicing UPB runoff, while changes related to rates, inputs and assumptions are classified as notable items rather than included in adjusted pre-tax income.

Reverse Sale Reduces Fair-Value Exposure
O’Neil said approximately $24 million of the decline in GAAP pre-tax income was related to nonrecurring transaction costs or fair-value marks on reverse assets. The Finance of America sale and costs associated with the Rithm deboarding created a $9 million negative one-time effect during the quarter.

The remaining pressure came largely from lower fair values on reverse assets, including less favorable HECM spreads. O’Neil said about 80% of the fair value of those reverse assets has been sold to Finance of America, which should materially reduce the company’s exposure to reverse MSR valuation volatility.

Management said the remaining reverse assets are older and have shorter duration, making them less sensitive to spread movements. Other fair-value impacts included a mild increase in delinquencies and hedge costs.

Messina said the company saw an increase in GSE 30-day delinquencies, which management believes may reflect a seasonal pattern around the Fourth of July holiday. He said the company is monitoring longer-term 60- and 90-day delinquency measures more closely and has not seen indicators of a material shift in borrower payment behavior.

ROE Initiatives and Capital Allocation
Onity outlined three areas intended to improve long-term return on equity: increasing servicing scale, optimizing its portfolio and expanding technology-driven productivity. Management said every $50 billion of servicing growth can reduce fixed cost per loan by 13%.

The company is targeting an approximate 50-50 mix of owned servicing and subservicing. It has reduced its investment in reverse MSRs, citing yields about two percentage points below forward MSRs, limited leverageability and greater volatility.

Onity is also deploying machine learning, voice agents, call-monitoring analytics and workflow tools through its partnership with Blend. O’Neil said the company is targeting roughly $3 million in annual savings at its current portfolio size as it scales AI-powered contact-center solutions.

The company completed a $10 million share repurchase authorization and has an additional $20 million buyback authorization in place. Management said the repurchase program reflects its view that its shares are trading materially below book value.

Looking ahead, Messina said persistent geopolitical instability, inflation and market volatility led the company to expect full-year 2026 adjusted ROE at the low end of its guidance range. O’Neil said the company was guiding to the lower end of its stated 10% to 15% range based on current market conditions and first-half results.About Onity Group (NYSE:ONIT)Onity Group, listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker ONIT, is a technology company specializing in enterprise operations management software. Its platform is designed to help legal, finance, human resources and corporate services teams automate and streamline mission-critical workflows. Leveraging artificial intelligence and no-code automation tools, Onity's solutions aim to reduce manual processes, improve visibility and ensure compliance across complex organizational structures.

The company's flagship offerings include contract lifecycle management, matter management, e-billing and spend management, as well as enterprise deal management.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Onity Group Right Now?Before you consider Onity Group, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Onity Group wasn't on the list.While Onity Group currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Stocks That Will Be Magnificent in 2026Discover the next wave of investment opportunities with our report, 7 Stocks That Will Be Magnificent in 2026. Explore companies poised to replicate the growth, innovation, and value creation of the tech giants dominating today's markets.Get This Free Report

Total servicing unpaid principal balance rose 10% from a year earlier, compared with 3% growth for the overall servicing industry, according to Messina. Servicing additions net of runoff totaled $76 billion year over year, primarily reflecting organic growth and offsetting planned transfers to Rithm and deboardings associated with client asset sales.


First-half subservicing additions reached $35 billion, exceeding management’s guidance. Onity said it won business from capital partners, banks and independent mortgage banks and saw growth in business-purpose residential and commercial subservicing. Commercial and business-purpose residential subservicing UPB rose 25% from a year earlier.


Servicing revenue increased 13% year over year and 3% sequentially, helped by growth in owned mortgage servicing rights, or MSRs. Servicing adjusted pre-tax income improved from the first quarter because of better float income and improved runoff as mortgage rates remained elevated during the second quarter.


However, servicing adjusted pre-tax income remained lower than a year earlier, primarily because MSR runoff increased nearly 80% year over year as lower rates in prior quarters contributed to refinancing activity.


The company changed its non-GAAP methodology for adjusted pre-tax income. Under the revised approach, MSR runoff is based on actual servicing UPB runoff, while changes related to rates, inputs and assumptions are classified as notable items rather than included in adjusted pre-tax income.

Reverse Sale Reduces Fair-Value Exposure
O’Neil said approximately $24 million of the decline in GAAP pre-tax income was related to nonrecurring transaction costs or fair-value marks on reverse assets. The Finance of America sale and costs associated with the Rithm deboarding created a $9 million negative one-time effect during the quarter.

The remaining pressure came largely from lower fair values on reverse assets, including less favorable HECM spreads. O’Neil said about 80% of the fair value of those reverse assets has been sold to Finance of America, which should materially reduce the company’s exposure to reverse MSR valuation volatility.

Management said the remaining reverse assets are older and have shorter duration, making them less sensitive to spread movements. Other fair-value impacts included a mild increase in delinquencies and hedge costs.

Messina said the company saw an increase in GSE 30-day delinquencies, which management believes may reflect a seasonal pattern around the Fourth of July holiday. He said the company is monitoring longer-term 60- and 90-day delinquency measures more closely and has not seen indicators of a material shift in borrower payment behavior.

ROE Initiatives and Capital Allocation
Onity outlined three areas intended to improve long-term return on equity: increasing servicing scale, optimizing its portfolio and expanding technology-driven productivity. Management said every $50 billion of servicing growth can reduce fixed cost per loan by 13%.

The company is targeting an approximate 50-50 mix of owned servicing and subservicing. It has reduced its investment in reverse MSRs, citing yields about two percentage points below forward MSRs, limited leverageability and greater volatility.

Onity is also deploying machine learning, voice agents, call-monitoring analytics and workflow tools through its partnership with Blend. O’Neil said the company is targeting roughly $3 million in annual savings at its current portfolio size as it scales AI-powered contact-center solutions.

The company completed a $10 million share repurchase authorization and has an additional $20 million buyback authorization in place. Management said the repurchase program reflects its view that its shares are trading materially below book value.

Looking ahead, Messina said persistent geopolitical instability, inflation and market volatility led the company to expect full-year 2026 adjusted ROE at the low end of its guidance range. O’Neil said the company was guiding to the lower end of its stated 10% to 15% range based on current market conditions and first-half results.About Onity Group (NYSE:ONIT)Onity Group, listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker ONIT, is a technology company specializing in enterprise operations management software. Its platform is designed to help legal, finance, human resources and corporate services teams automate and streamline mission-critical workflows. Leveraging artificial intelligence and no-code automation tools, Onity's solutions aim to reduce manual processes, improve visibility and ensure compliance across complex organizational structures.

The company's flagship offerings include contract lifecycle management, matter management, e-billing and spend management, as well as enterprise deal management.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Onity Group Right Now?Before you consider Onity Group, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Onity Group wasn't on the list.While Onity Group currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Stocks That Will Be Magnificent in 2026Discover the next wave of investment opportunities with our report, 7 Stocks That Will Be Magnificent in 2026. Explore companies poised to replicate the growth, innovation, and value creation of the tech giants dominating today's markets.Get This Free Report

O’Neil said approximately $24 million of the decline in GAAP pre-tax income was related to nonrecurring transaction costs or fair-value marks on reverse assets. The Finance of America sale and costs associated with the Rithm deboarding created a $9 million negative one-time effect during the quarter.


The remaining pressure came largely from lower fair values on reverse assets, including less favorable HECM spreads. O’Neil said about 80% of the fair value of those reverse assets has been sold to Finance of America, which should materially reduce the company’s exposure to reverse MSR valuation volatility.


Management said the remaining reverse assets are older and have shorter duration, making them less sensitive to spread movements. Other fair-value impacts included a mild increase in delinquencies and hedge costs.


Messina said the company saw an increase in GSE 30-day delinquencies, which management believes may reflect a seasonal pattern around the Fourth of July holiday. He said the company is monitoring longer-term 60- and 90-day delinquency measures more closely and has not seen indicators of a material shift in borrower payment behavior.

ROE Initiatives and Capital Allocation
Onity outlined three areas intended to improve long-term return on equity: increasing servicing scale, optimizing its portfolio and expanding technology-driven productivity. Management said every $50 billion of servicing growth can reduce fixed cost per loan by 13%.

The company is targeting an approximate 50-50 mix of owned servicing and subservicing. It has reduced its investment in reverse MSRs, citing yields about two percentage points below forward MSRs, limited leverageability and greater volatility.

Onity is also deploying machine learning, voice agents, call-monitoring analytics and workflow tools through its partnership with Blend. O’Neil said the company is targeting roughly $3 million in annual savings at its current portfolio size as it scales AI-powered contact-center solutions.

The company completed a $10 million share repurchase authorization and has an additional $20 million buyback authorization in place. Management said the repurchase program reflects its view that its shares are trading materially below book value.

Looking ahead, Messina said persistent geopolitical instability, inflation and market volatility led the company to expect full-year 2026 adjusted ROE at the low end of its guidance range. O’Neil said the company was guiding to the lower end of its stated 10% to 15% range based on current market conditions and first-half results.About Onity Group (NYSE:ONIT)Onity Group, listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker ONIT, is a technology company specializing in enterprise operations management software. Its platform is designed to help legal, finance, human resources and corporate services teams automate and streamline mission-critical workflows. Leveraging artificial intelligence and no-code automation tools, Onity's solutions aim to reduce manual processes, improve visibility and ensure compliance across complex organizational structures.

The company's flagship offerings include contract lifecycle management, matter management, e-billing and spend management, as well as enterprise deal management.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Onity Group Right Now?Before you consider Onity Group, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Onity Group wasn't on the list.While Onity Group currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Stocks That Will Be Magnificent in 2026Discover the next wave of investment opportunities with our report, 7 Stocks That Will Be Magnificent in 2026. Explore companies poised to replicate the growth, innovation, and value creation of the tech giants dominating today's markets.Get This Free Report

Onity outlined three areas intended to improve long-term return on equity: increasing servicing scale, optimizing its portfolio and expanding technology-driven productivity. Management said every $50 billion of servicing growth can reduce fixed cost per loan by 13%.


The company is targeting an approximate 50-50 mix of owned servicing and subservicing. It has reduced its investment in reverse MSRs, citing yields about two percentage points below forward MSRs, limited leverageability and greater volatility.


Onity is also deploying machine learning, voice agents, call-monitoring analytics and workflow tools through its partnership with Blend. O’Neil said the company is targeting roughly $3 million in annual savings at its current portfolio size as it scales AI-powered contact-center solutions.


The company completed a $10 million share repurchase authorization and has an additional $20 million buyback authorization in place. Management said the repurchase program reflects its view that its shares are trading materially below book value.


Looking ahead, Messina said persistent geopolitical instability, inflation and market volatility led the company to expect full-year 2026 adjusted ROE at the low end of its guidance range. O’Neil said the company was guiding to the lower end of its stated 10% to 15% range based on current market conditions and first-half results.About Onity Group (NYSE:ONIT)Onity Group, listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker ONIT, is a technology company specializing in enterprise operations management software. Its platform is designed to help legal, finance, human resources and corporate services teams automate and streamline mission-critical workflows. Leveraging artificial intelligence and no-code automation tools, Onity's solutions aim to reduce manual processes, improve visibility and ensure compliance across complex organizational structures.

The company's flagship offerings include contract lifecycle management, matter management, e-billing and spend management, as well as enterprise deal management.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Onity Group Right Now?Before you consider Onity Group, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Onity Group wasn't on the list.While Onity Group currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Stocks That Will Be Magnificent in 2026Discover the next wave of investment opportunities with our report, 7 Stocks That Will Be Magnificent in 2026. Explore companies poised to replicate the growth, innovation, and value creation of the tech giants dominating today's markets.Get This Free Report

Onity Group, listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker ONIT, is a technology company specializing in enterprise operations management software. Its platform is designed to help legal, finance, human resources and corporate services teams automate and streamline mission-critical workflows. Leveraging artificial intelligence and no-code automation tools, Onity's solutions aim to reduce manual processes, improve visibility and ensure compliance across complex organizational structures.


The company's flagship offerings include contract lifecycle management, matter management, e-billing and spend management, as well as enterprise deal management.
This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.
Before you consider Onity Group, you'll want to hear this.
MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Onity Group wasn't on the list.
While Onity Group currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.
View The Five Stocks Here 
Discover the next wave of investment opportunities with our report, 7 Stocks That Will Be Magnificent in 2026. Explore companies poised to replicate the growth, innovation, and value creation of the tech giants dominating today's markets.
Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools and reports.
Featured By

                                        345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103
                                        
                                        contact@marketbeat.com
                                        
                                        (844) 978-6257
                                    
© MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved.

                                © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided by Massive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see Barchart's disclaimer. 

My Account - 
"
74,2026-08-08,"Oscar Health NYSE: OSCR reported record profitability for the first half of 2026 and raised its full-year operating outlook, citing membership growth, disciplined pricing, favorable utilization trends and lower administrative expense ratios.


Chief Executive Officer Mark Bertolini said the company generated $1.1 billion in earnings from operations and $1 billion in net income during the first six months of the year. In the second quarter, revenue rose 70% year over year to $4.9 billion, while the medical loss ratio, or MLR, improved by nearly 12 percentage points to 79.2%.


Second-quarter earnings from operations totaled $389 million, compared with a loss in the prior-year period, while net income was $362 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $415 million. The company ended the quarter with 2.96 million effectuated members, up 46% from a year earlier, driven by above-market open enrollment growth and retention.

Guidance Raised Following First-Half Performance
Chief Financial Officer Scott Blackley said Oscar raised its full-year 2026 earnings-from-operations forecast to between $500 million and $700 million, representing a $250 million increase from its prior outlook. The company maintained its revenue outlook of $18.7 billion to $19 billion.


Full-year MLR is now expected to be 81.5% to 82.5%, a 90-basis-point improvement at the midpoint from prior guidance.
The SG&A expense ratio is expected to be 15.6% to 16.1%, an improvement of 20 basis points at the midpoint.
Adjusted EBITDA is still expected to be roughly $115 million above earnings from operations.

The company’s SG&A expense ratio reached a record low of 14.2% in the second quarter, improving 450 basis points year over year. Blackley attributed the improvement to expense discipline, fixed-cost leverage and technology and artificial intelligence initiatives that reduced variable costs, partly offsetting higher taxes and exchange fees.

Oscar expects its SG&A ratio to remain relatively stable in the third quarter before increasing in the fourth quarter, when it typically invests in preparation for the following year’s enrollment cycle.

Risk Adjustment and Utilization Trends
Oscar received its final 2025 CMS risk-adjustment report during the quarter, which was approximately $160 million favorable to its first-quarter accruals and was fully recognized in the second quarter. The company also received an initial 2026 risk-adjustment report based on claims through April that showed market morbidity tracking favorably to pricing assumptions.

However, management said it recognized only a small portion of that favorability because the available claims data covered only four months. Risk adjustment represented about 20% of direct premiums during the first half, consistent with Oscar’s expectation for the full year.

Utilization through the first six months was moderately favorable to expectations. Inpatient, professional and pharmacy utilization were favorable, while outpatient utilization was elevated. Bertolini said the outpatient trends were stable and not concentrated in any particularly outsized category.

Management expects MLR to rise seasonally during the second half as members use more healthcare services after working through deductibles. The company said its membership has shifted across metal tiers, with some members moving from silver plans to bronze or gold offerings, but performance in those products has been consistent with or favorable to internal expectations.

Technology, AI and ICHRA Expansion
Bertolini said Oscar is using AI across benefits, billing, claims, clinical care and member support. The company’s claims platform has a 98.7% first-pass accuracy rate and processes most claims in less than 48 hours, according to management.

During the quarter, Oscar piloted a radiology program using its Oswell agent, which uses members’ claims history and clinical interactions to recommend next steps and care sites based on coverage, cost, location and availability. Bertolini said one in four members selected Oswell’s recommended site of care, saving an average of $75 per appointment.

The company also said it is using AI and medical-economics programs to identify pharmacy and utilization outliers. Management expects these capabilities to generate tens of millions of dollars in annual savings.

Oscar highlighted growing interest in individual coverage health reimbursement arrangements, or ICHRA, particularly from small businesses in healthcare and professional services. Blackley discussed the company’s ICHRAx platform, built on an electronic data exchange acquired last year. He said the platform includes competing insurers and is intended to help employers move from defined-benefit coverage toward defined-contribution arrangements.

Membership Churn Expected to Increase
Oscar expects membership churn to rise in the second half as CMS continues program-integrity and eligibility-verification efforts. Blackley said the company’s membership was essentially flat in the second quarter because lapses were lower than expected, with some anticipated disenrollments delayed into the latter half of the year.

Management now expects monthly churn to be closer to twice its prior estimate of 1% to 2%. Blackley characterized the change as primarily a timing issue and said it does not affect the company’s full-year revenue outlook. Oscar said it does not recognize revenue for members it expects to be disenrolled and has incorporated the effects of payment-integrity actions into its guidance.

Looking toward 2027, Bertolini said Oscar sees a rational pricing environment and believes the ACA market can remain stable or grow, absent major regulatory changes. The company plans to provide further details on its growth strategy at its Investor Day on Sept. 16.About Oscar Health (NYSE:OSCR)Oscar Health, trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker OSCR, is a technology-driven health insurance company headquartered in New York, New York. Founded in 2012 by Mario Schlosser, Joshua Kushner and Kevin Nazemi, the company was built with the goal of simplifying healthcare coverage and enhancing member experience. Oscar leverages a proprietary digital platform to streamline plan enrollment, claims administration and member support, distinguishing itself in the individual, family and small group insurance markets.

The company's primary products include on-exchange individual and family medical plans under the Affordable Care Act, off-exchange plans, as well as Medicare Advantage offerings.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Oscar Health Right Now?Before you consider Oscar Health, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Oscar Health wasn't on the list.While Oscar Health currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here The 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026Discover the 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026 and secure reliable income in uncertain markets. Download the report now to identify top dividend payers and avoid common yield traps.Get This Free Report

Chief Financial Officer Scott Blackley said Oscar raised its full-year 2026 earnings-from-operations forecast to between $500 million and $700 million, representing a $250 million increase from its prior outlook. The company maintained its revenue outlook of $18.7 billion to $19 billion.


Full-year MLR is now expected to be 81.5% to 82.5%, a 90-basis-point improvement at the midpoint from prior guidance.
The SG&A expense ratio is expected to be 15.6% to 16.1%, an improvement of 20 basis points at the midpoint.
Adjusted EBITDA is still expected to be roughly $115 million above earnings from operations.

The company’s SG&A expense ratio reached a record low of 14.2% in the second quarter, improving 450 basis points year over year. Blackley attributed the improvement to expense discipline, fixed-cost leverage and technology and artificial intelligence initiatives that reduced variable costs, partly offsetting higher taxes and exchange fees.

Oscar expects its SG&A ratio to remain relatively stable in the third quarter before increasing in the fourth quarter, when it typically invests in preparation for the following year’s enrollment cycle.

Risk Adjustment and Utilization Trends
Oscar received its final 2025 CMS risk-adjustment report during the quarter, which was approximately $160 million favorable to its first-quarter accruals and was fully recognized in the second quarter. The company also received an initial 2026 risk-adjustment report based on claims through April that showed market morbidity tracking favorably to pricing assumptions.

However, management said it recognized only a small portion of that favorability because the available claims data covered only four months. Risk adjustment represented about 20% of direct premiums during the first half, consistent with Oscar’s expectation for the full year.

Utilization through the first six months was moderately favorable to expectations. Inpatient, professional and pharmacy utilization were favorable, while outpatient utilization was elevated. Bertolini said the outpatient trends were stable and not concentrated in any particularly outsized category.

Management expects MLR to rise seasonally during the second half as members use more healthcare services after working through deductibles. The company said its membership has shifted across metal tiers, with some members moving from silver plans to bronze or gold offerings, but performance in those products has been consistent with or favorable to internal expectations.

Technology, AI and ICHRA Expansion
Bertolini said Oscar is using AI across benefits, billing, claims, clinical care and member support. The company’s claims platform has a 98.7% first-pass accuracy rate and processes most claims in less than 48 hours, according to management.

During the quarter, Oscar piloted a radiology program using its Oswell agent, which uses members’ claims history and clinical interactions to recommend next steps and care sites based on coverage, cost, location and availability. Bertolini said one in four members selected Oswell’s recommended site of care, saving an average of $75 per appointment.

The company also said it is using AI and medical-economics programs to identify pharmacy and utilization outliers. Management expects these capabilities to generate tens of millions of dollars in annual savings.

Oscar highlighted growing interest in individual coverage health reimbursement arrangements, or ICHRA, particularly from small businesses in healthcare and professional services. Blackley discussed the company’s ICHRAx platform, built on an electronic data exchange acquired last year. He said the platform includes competing insurers and is intended to help employers move from defined-benefit coverage toward defined-contribution arrangements.

Membership Churn Expected to Increase
Oscar expects membership churn to rise in the second half as CMS continues program-integrity and eligibility-verification efforts. Blackley said the company’s membership was essentially flat in the second quarter because lapses were lower than expected, with some anticipated disenrollments delayed into the latter half of the year.

Management now expects monthly churn to be closer to twice its prior estimate of 1% to 2%. Blackley characterized the change as primarily a timing issue and said it does not affect the company’s full-year revenue outlook. Oscar said it does not recognize revenue for members it expects to be disenrolled and has incorporated the effects of payment-integrity actions into its guidance.

Looking toward 2027, Bertolini said Oscar sees a rational pricing environment and believes the ACA market can remain stable or grow, absent major regulatory changes. The company plans to provide further details on its growth strategy at its Investor Day on Sept. 16.About Oscar Health (NYSE:OSCR)Oscar Health, trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker OSCR, is a technology-driven health insurance company headquartered in New York, New York. Founded in 2012 by Mario Schlosser, Joshua Kushner and Kevin Nazemi, the company was built with the goal of simplifying healthcare coverage and enhancing member experience. Oscar leverages a proprietary digital platform to streamline plan enrollment, claims administration and member support, distinguishing itself in the individual, family and small group insurance markets.

The company's primary products include on-exchange individual and family medical plans under the Affordable Care Act, off-exchange plans, as well as Medicare Advantage offerings.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Oscar Health Right Now?Before you consider Oscar Health, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Oscar Health wasn't on the list.While Oscar Health currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here The 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026Discover the 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026 and secure reliable income in uncertain markets. Download the report now to identify top dividend payers and avoid common yield traps.Get This Free Report

The company’s SG&A expense ratio reached a record low of 14.2% in the second quarter, improving 450 basis points year over year. Blackley attributed the improvement to expense discipline, fixed-cost leverage and technology and artificial intelligence initiatives that reduced variable costs, partly offsetting higher taxes and exchange fees.


Oscar expects its SG&A ratio to remain relatively stable in the third quarter before increasing in the fourth quarter, when it typically invests in preparation for the following year’s enrollment cycle.

Risk Adjustment and Utilization Trends
Oscar received its final 2025 CMS risk-adjustment report during the quarter, which was approximately $160 million favorable to its first-quarter accruals and was fully recognized in the second quarter. The company also received an initial 2026 risk-adjustment report based on claims through April that showed market morbidity tracking favorably to pricing assumptions.

However, management said it recognized only a small portion of that favorability because the available claims data covered only four months. Risk adjustment represented about 20% of direct premiums during the first half, consistent with Oscar’s expectation for the full year.

Utilization through the first six months was moderately favorable to expectations. Inpatient, professional and pharmacy utilization were favorable, while outpatient utilization was elevated. Bertolini said the outpatient trends were stable and not concentrated in any particularly outsized category.

Management expects MLR to rise seasonally during the second half as members use more healthcare services after working through deductibles. The company said its membership has shifted across metal tiers, with some members moving from silver plans to bronze or gold offerings, but performance in those products has been consistent with or favorable to internal expectations.

Technology, AI and ICHRA Expansion
Bertolini said Oscar is using AI across benefits, billing, claims, clinical care and member support. The company’s claims platform has a 98.7% first-pass accuracy rate and processes most claims in less than 48 hours, according to management.

During the quarter, Oscar piloted a radiology program using its Oswell agent, which uses members’ claims history and clinical interactions to recommend next steps and care sites based on coverage, cost, location and availability. Bertolini said one in four members selected Oswell’s recommended site of care, saving an average of $75 per appointment.

The company also said it is using AI and medical-economics programs to identify pharmacy and utilization outliers. Management expects these capabilities to generate tens of millions of dollars in annual savings.

Oscar highlighted growing interest in individual coverage health reimbursement arrangements, or ICHRA, particularly from small businesses in healthcare and professional services. Blackley discussed the company’s ICHRAx platform, built on an electronic data exchange acquired last year. He said the platform includes competing insurers and is intended to help employers move from defined-benefit coverage toward defined-contribution arrangements.

Membership Churn Expected to Increase
Oscar expects membership churn to rise in the second half as CMS continues program-integrity and eligibility-verification efforts. Blackley said the company’s membership was essentially flat in the second quarter because lapses were lower than expected, with some anticipated disenrollments delayed into the latter half of the year.

Management now expects monthly churn to be closer to twice its prior estimate of 1% to 2%. Blackley characterized the change as primarily a timing issue and said it does not affect the company’s full-year revenue outlook. Oscar said it does not recognize revenue for members it expects to be disenrolled and has incorporated the effects of payment-integrity actions into its guidance.

Looking toward 2027, Bertolini said Oscar sees a rational pricing environment and believes the ACA market can remain stable or grow, absent major regulatory changes. The company plans to provide further details on its growth strategy at its Investor Day on Sept. 16.About Oscar Health (NYSE:OSCR)Oscar Health, trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker OSCR, is a technology-driven health insurance company headquartered in New York, New York. Founded in 2012 by Mario Schlosser, Joshua Kushner and Kevin Nazemi, the company was built with the goal of simplifying healthcare coverage and enhancing member experience. Oscar leverages a proprietary digital platform to streamline plan enrollment, claims administration and member support, distinguishing itself in the individual, family and small group insurance markets.

The company's primary products include on-exchange individual and family medical plans under the Affordable Care Act, off-exchange plans, as well as Medicare Advantage offerings.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Oscar Health Right Now?Before you consider Oscar Health, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Oscar Health wasn't on the list.While Oscar Health currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here The 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026Discover the 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026 and secure reliable income in uncertain markets. Download the report now to identify top dividend payers and avoid common yield traps.Get This Free Report

Oscar received its final 2025 CMS risk-adjustment report during the quarter, which was approximately $160 million favorable to its first-quarter accruals and was fully recognized in the second quarter. The company also received an initial 2026 risk-adjustment report based on claims through April that showed market morbidity tracking favorably to pricing assumptions.


However, management said it recognized only a small portion of that favorability because the available claims data covered only four months. Risk adjustment represented about 20% of direct premiums during the first half, consistent with Oscar’s expectation for the full year.


Utilization through the first six months was moderately favorable to expectations. Inpatient, professional and pharmacy utilization were favorable, while outpatient utilization was elevated. Bertolini said the outpatient trends were stable and not concentrated in any particularly outsized category.


Management expects MLR to rise seasonally during the second half as members use more healthcare services after working through deductibles. The company said its membership has shifted across metal tiers, with some members moving from silver plans to bronze or gold offerings, but performance in those products has been consistent with or favorable to internal expectations.

Technology, AI and ICHRA Expansion
Bertolini said Oscar is using AI across benefits, billing, claims, clinical care and member support. The company’s claims platform has a 98.7% first-pass accuracy rate and processes most claims in less than 48 hours, according to management.

During the quarter, Oscar piloted a radiology program using its Oswell agent, which uses members’ claims history and clinical interactions to recommend next steps and care sites based on coverage, cost, location and availability. Bertolini said one in four members selected Oswell’s recommended site of care, saving an average of $75 per appointment.

The company also said it is using AI and medical-economics programs to identify pharmacy and utilization outliers. Management expects these capabilities to generate tens of millions of dollars in annual savings.

Oscar highlighted growing interest in individual coverage health reimbursement arrangements, or ICHRA, particularly from small businesses in healthcare and professional services. Blackley discussed the company’s ICHRAx platform, built on an electronic data exchange acquired last year. He said the platform includes competing insurers and is intended to help employers move from defined-benefit coverage toward defined-contribution arrangements.

Membership Churn Expected to Increase
Oscar expects membership churn to rise in the second half as CMS continues program-integrity and eligibility-verification efforts. Blackley said the company’s membership was essentially flat in the second quarter because lapses were lower than expected, with some anticipated disenrollments delayed into the latter half of the year.

Management now expects monthly churn to be closer to twice its prior estimate of 1% to 2%. Blackley characterized the change as primarily a timing issue and said it does not affect the company’s full-year revenue outlook. Oscar said it does not recognize revenue for members it expects to be disenrolled and has incorporated the effects of payment-integrity actions into its guidance.

Looking toward 2027, Bertolini said Oscar sees a rational pricing environment and believes the ACA market can remain stable or grow, absent major regulatory changes. The company plans to provide further details on its growth strategy at its Investor Day on Sept. 16.About Oscar Health (NYSE:OSCR)Oscar Health, trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker OSCR, is a technology-driven health insurance company headquartered in New York, New York. Founded in 2012 by Mario Schlosser, Joshua Kushner and Kevin Nazemi, the company was built with the goal of simplifying healthcare coverage and enhancing member experience. Oscar leverages a proprietary digital platform to streamline plan enrollment, claims administration and member support, distinguishing itself in the individual, family and small group insurance markets.

The company's primary products include on-exchange individual and family medical plans under the Affordable Care Act, off-exchange plans, as well as Medicare Advantage offerings.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Oscar Health Right Now?Before you consider Oscar Health, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Oscar Health wasn't on the list.While Oscar Health currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here The 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026Discover the 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026 and secure reliable income in uncertain markets. Download the report now to identify top dividend payers and avoid common yield traps.Get This Free Report

Bertolini said Oscar is using AI across benefits, billing, claims, clinical care and member support. The company’s claims platform has a 98.7% first-pass accuracy rate and processes most claims in less than 48 hours, according to management.


During the quarter, Oscar piloted a radiology program using its Oswell agent, which uses members’ claims history and clinical interactions to recommend next steps and care sites based on coverage, cost, location and availability. Bertolini said one in four members selected Oswell’s recommended site of care, saving an average of $75 per appointment.


The company also said it is using AI and medical-economics programs to identify pharmacy and utilization outliers. Management expects these capabilities to generate tens of millions of dollars in annual savings.


Oscar highlighted growing interest in individual coverage health reimbursement arrangements, or ICHRA, particularly from small businesses in healthcare and professional services. Blackley discussed the company’s ICHRAx platform, built on an electronic data exchange acquired last year. He said the platform includes competing insurers and is intended to help employers move from defined-benefit coverage toward defined-contribution arrangements.

Membership Churn Expected to Increase
Oscar expects membership churn to rise in the second half as CMS continues program-integrity and eligibility-verification efforts. Blackley said the company’s membership was essentially flat in the second quarter because lapses were lower than expected, with some anticipated disenrollments delayed into the latter half of the year.

Management now expects monthly churn to be closer to twice its prior estimate of 1% to 2%. Blackley characterized the change as primarily a timing issue and said it does not affect the company’s full-year revenue outlook. Oscar said it does not recognize revenue for members it expects to be disenrolled and has incorporated the effects of payment-integrity actions into its guidance.

Looking toward 2027, Bertolini said Oscar sees a rational pricing environment and believes the ACA market can remain stable or grow, absent major regulatory changes. The company plans to provide further details on its growth strategy at its Investor Day on Sept. 16.About Oscar Health (NYSE:OSCR)Oscar Health, trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker OSCR, is a technology-driven health insurance company headquartered in New York, New York. Founded in 2012 by Mario Schlosser, Joshua Kushner and Kevin Nazemi, the company was built with the goal of simplifying healthcare coverage and enhancing member experience. Oscar leverages a proprietary digital platform to streamline plan enrollment, claims administration and member support, distinguishing itself in the individual, family and small group insurance markets.

The company's primary products include on-exchange individual and family medical plans under the Affordable Care Act, off-exchange plans, as well as Medicare Advantage offerings.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Oscar Health Right Now?Before you consider Oscar Health, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Oscar Health wasn't on the list.While Oscar Health currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here The 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026Discover the 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026 and secure reliable income in uncertain markets. Download the report now to identify top dividend payers and avoid common yield traps.Get This Free Report

Oscar expects membership churn to rise in the second half as CMS continues program-integrity and eligibility-verification efforts. Blackley said the company’s membership was essentially flat in the second quarter because lapses were lower than expected, with some anticipated disenrollments delayed into the latter half of the year.


Management now expects monthly churn to be closer to twice its prior estimate of 1% to 2%. Blackley characterized the change as primarily a timing issue and said it does not affect the company’s full-year revenue outlook. Oscar said it does not recognize revenue for members it expects to be disenrolled and has incorporated the effects of payment-integrity actions into its guidance.


Looking toward 2027, Bertolini said Oscar sees a rational pricing environment and believes the ACA market can remain stable or grow, absent major regulatory changes. The company plans to provide further details on its growth strategy at its Investor Day on Sept. 16.About Oscar Health (NYSE:OSCR)Oscar Health, trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker OSCR, is a technology-driven health insurance company headquartered in New York, New York. Founded in 2012 by Mario Schlosser, Joshua Kushner and Kevin Nazemi, the company was built with the goal of simplifying healthcare coverage and enhancing member experience. Oscar leverages a proprietary digital platform to streamline plan enrollment, claims administration and member support, distinguishing itself in the individual, family and small group insurance markets.

The company's primary products include on-exchange individual and family medical plans under the Affordable Care Act, off-exchange plans, as well as Medicare Advantage offerings.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Oscar Health Right Now?Before you consider Oscar Health, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Oscar Health wasn't on the list.While Oscar Health currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here The 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026Discover the 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026 and secure reliable income in uncertain markets. Download the report now to identify top dividend payers and avoid common yield traps.Get This Free Report

Oscar Health, trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker OSCR, is a technology-driven health insurance company headquartered in New York, New York. Founded in 2012 by Mario Schlosser, Joshua Kushner and Kevin Nazemi, the company was built with the goal of simplifying healthcare coverage and enhancing member experience. Oscar leverages a proprietary digital platform to streamline plan enrollment, claims administration and member support, distinguishing itself in the individual, family and small group insurance markets.


The company's primary products include on-exchange individual and family medical plans under the Affordable Care Act, off-exchange plans, as well as Medicare Advantage offerings.
This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.
Before you consider Oscar Health, you'll want to hear this.
MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Oscar Health wasn't on the list.
While Oscar Health currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.
View The Five Stocks Here 
Discover the 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026 and secure reliable income in uncertain markets. Download the report now to identify top dividend payers and avoid common yield traps.
Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools and reports.
Featured By

                                        345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103
                                        
                                        contact@marketbeat.com
                                        
                                        (844) 978-6257
                                    
© MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved.

                                © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided by Massive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see Barchart's disclaimer. 

My Account - 
"
75,2026-08-08,"
Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest about Microsoft
Updates, launches and rumors.
Latest about AI.
AI updates, how-tos and comparisons in one place.

Explore your membership benefits.


Stay Ahead with Windows Central


Get the biggest gaming news, reviews, and releases straight to your inbox.


Join the club for quick access. Enter your email below and we'll send confirmation, and sign you up to our newsletter.


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

ASUS eased my OLED fears with this ROG Strix monitor, thanks to its built-in proximity sensor and other sensible settings in its straightforward OSD menu. It's bright enough, looks incredible at 4K with tremendous motion clarity at 240Hz, and you can push for more if you can handle 1080p. It's a shame the lack of an upstream USB cable makes the hub a paywalled extra, but I'm impressed with this ""TrueBlack Glossy"" panel.
Glossy panel helps display deep blacks with OLED contrast
UHD @ 240Hz / FHD @ 480Hz switch is easy, if you want it
Proximity sensor helps protect the screen from burn-in
USB ports need a separate upstream hub cable

Why you can trust Windows Central




Our expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. Find out more about how we test.

The ROG Strix OLED XG32UQWMS gaming monitor is planned for release in September 2026. ASUS provided a sample, but the company had no input on the article nor saw its contents before publishing.
OLED gaming monitors have been around for a while, but concerns about text clarity and burn-in left me less excited to buy something like the ASUS ROG Strix OLED XG32UQWMS. Given the chance to test an upcoming model from its range shown at Computex earlier this year, I couldn't resist, and my review could be the moment that helps me overcome my apprehension. Here's what I learned.
I'm a long-term believer that 1440p @ 144Hz is the sweet spot for gaming monitors, but I've always stuck to IPS panels. Extremely high refresh rates might not tempt me, but OLED certainly does after decades of PC gaming.
 



The ROG Strix XG32UQWMS is targeting a September launch for $899, with specific US retailers to be confirmed. In the United Kingdom, that converts to £819, with planned third-party resellers including Amazon UK, Currys, and Very. In the meantime, you can sign up for availability notifications on the monitor's official ASUS listing for your region.
Component
Spec
Display type
WOLED
Resolution
UHD (3840 x 2160)FHD (1920 x 1080)
Refresh rate
240 Hz (UHD)480 Hz (FHD)
Brightness
330 cd/m² (typical)Up to 1,500 cd/m² (peak)
Viewing angle
178°/ 178° (vertical/horizontal)
Response
0.03 ms (Gray-to-Gray)
Dimensions
28.27"" x 22.13"" x 7.40"" (71.8 x 56.2 x 18.8 cm)
Weight
10.64 – 14.46 lbs(4.83 – 6.56 kg)
Originally announced at Computex 2026, ASUS targets a September launch in the United States at $899, with sign-ups offered for availability notifications.
View Original
View Original
View Original
View Original
View Original
I'm a big fan of toolless setups wherever they appear, and ASUS ROG wins points for delivering a straightforward process here. Everything hinged on a push-button release mechanism that either gripped the stand or the VESA mount; I used the former and attached the footplate with a simple thumbscrew.
I'm a big fan of toolless setups wherever they appear, and ASUS ROG wins points for delivering a straightforward process here.
The display alone weighs 9.92 lbs (4.5 kg), and adding the VESA mount brings the total to 10.64 lbs (4.83 kg) in a mounted setup. Otherwise, the foot plate and strut together weigh 4.54 lbs (2.06 kg), controlling height with a sturdy but not overly stiff response. On my desk, the monitor is 14.46 lbs (6.56 kg) overall.
View Original
View Original
View Original
View Original
Attaching the stand gave me a clear view of the ports and navigation via the multi-function button (MFB) located behind the bottom-mounted ASUS ROG logo and its accompanying ""Neo"" proximity sensor. It's a pretty standard affair that matches rival brands, and its controls should feel familiar to most people.
While there are two HDMI 2.1 ports, a pair of USB-A 3.2 Gen 1 with a hub port, and a headphone jack, there's only a single DisplayPort cable in the box for its matching DP 1.4 port, along with the AC cord. Bundling a free USB-B cable shouldn't be too expensive, and I'm disappointed to see it missing here.
 



Moving from a 27-inch IPS Alienware monitor to an OLED panel made its benefits immediately obvious, with an experience similar to the one I get from my LG C2 TV in the living room. High contrast, deep blacks, and crisp visuals come with its 4K resolution and that smooth 240Hz refresh rate. Windows 11 adjusted my settings accordingly, and the monitor looks great out of the box.
The UHD @ 240Hz mode looks fantastic, and I'm left wondering who would ever want to switch to 1080p for the sake of 480Hz on a 32-inch display.
In motion, the UHD @ 240Hz mode looks fantastic, and I'm left wondering who would ever want to switch to 1080p for the sake of 480Hz on a 32-inch display. I know it has its place in ultra-competitive shooters like Counter-Strike 2 and its many rivals, but 240Hz still feels like plenty to me. If you're the target audience, I think you'll be happy, because FHD gameplay still looks quite good.
View Original
View Original
Up close, the clarity of on-screen text looks fine; nothing particularly groundbreaking, but nothing looks noticeably fringed when I sit at a comfortable distance in UHD mode. Adjusting ClearType in Windows 11 might give results that better suit you, but I didn't feel like anything looked out of place during my usual daily work and gaming.
The OSD is at least easy to navigate, and I could install the DisplayWidget Center if I really wanted to use a mouse to tweak several settings at once. Otherwise, the ""TrueBlack Glossy"" panel looks significantly darker at a glance than the other screens in my office, which certainly helps with the deep blacks OLED is famous for, and I found the visible room reflections were tolerable.
 



Out of the box, the XG32UQWMS defaults to ""Racing mode"", hitting 99% of the DCI-P3 color gamut as advertised, and sRGB accuracy earns a perfect score, while Adobe RGB maxes out at 93%. Without changing settings, a 100% brightness level reached around 306 to 311 nits, so getting it to 330 nits will require a bit of tweaking. On the whole, I'm satisfied with its stock settings.
 



✅ You want an OLED monitor built for preventing burn-in
✅ You're a competitive gamer who thrives on high refresh rates
❌ You want an out-of-the-box USB hub monitor
A built-in presence sensor probably sets off alarm bells for some gamers, but the proximity detection is literally there to help protect this OLED panel by switching off when you walk away. That, along with adjustments to uniform brightness and pixel-cleaning settings, helps prevent burn-in, which was my biggest concern with monitors like these. ASUS definitely could have thrown in a free upstream USB cable for its hub, but the display itself is solid, so it still wins praise.
 




Due for release in September 2026, this OLED gaming monitor should be at the top of your considerations if you're shopping around.
Ben is a Senior Editor of Windows Central, covering PC gaming hardware, software, and everything connected to it. He's built more custom desktops than he can count, and has hands-on experience with some of the most exciting components and accessories for Windows PC and Xbox. A lifelong obsession with Microsoft's technology has led to broad expertise in laptops and in the cutting-edge processors that are pushing the industry forward.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
76,2026-08-08,"Deal aims to secure scandium supply as China restricts exports for defence products.
Save
Share
The United States Department of Defense has announced a $400m conditional loan commitment to an Australian company to build the world’s first primary mine for scandium, a critical rare earth element whose market is dominated by China.
After a meeting between US President Donald Trump and mining executives in Washington, the Pentagon said in a statement on Friday that the project would “ensure Western alignment from mine to finished product”.
Australian mining firm Sunrise Energy Metals said in a separate statement that the proposed mine in Fifield, New South Wales, would aim to become “a cornerstone of Western scandium supply”.
According to the company’s website, the “Syerston Scandium Project” will provide a “critical metal for critical technologies”, including aerospace and 5G/6G telecommunications technology.
Scandium — a rare earth needed for defence, planes and data centres — is usually sourced as a byproduct of other mining. It is valued for being one of the most effective elements to strengthen aluminium while also being flexible and resistant to heat and corrosion.
New South Wales has some of the highest concentrations of scandium globally. China, which dominates the supply and processing of scandium, restricted its exports for defence products last year, triggering the US’s search for new suppliers.
Trump and Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese signed a critical minerals agreement aimed at countering China in October, pledging that each would invest $1bn in projects.
Sunrise struck a deal with Lockheed Martin last year to sell the defence and aerospace manufacturer 25 percent of its scandium output for the first five years of the mine.
On Friday, Trump said the US federal government would invest $3bn in multiple critical minerals and battery projects as part of a push to increase domestic production and boost national security and industrial policy.
 

 









Follow Al Jazeera English:"
77,2026-08-08,ChatGPT went from generating roughly $10 million a month on Apple's App Store in Jan. 2024 to more than $275 million in July 2026. Apple did not build ChatGP...
78,2026-08-08,"ETF

							VGT's decade-long 794% return has trapped long holders with embedded gains; pairing it 60/40 with VTV slashes concentration without triggering taxes.													

							NVIDIA's 92% data center revenue growth and Microsoft's $100 billion Azure revenue show why these 3 stocks so thoroughly dominate VGT's performance.													
Are you ahead, or behind on retirement? SmartAsset's free tool can match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute; learn more here.

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Cagkan Sayin / Shutterstock.com
The Vanguard Information Technology Index Fund ETF (NYSEARCA:VGT) is the cleanest, cheapest way for a retail investor to own U.S. tech at scale, and that is exactly why so many long-term holders now have a problem they cannot easily unwind.
Roughly 39 cents of every dollar in VGT sits in just three names: Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL | AAPL Price Prediction), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), and NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA). The MSCI US Investable Market Information Technology 25/50 Index that VGT tracks permits that top-heaviness by design, so this is a structural feature of the fund, not a temporary drift. The fix is what this article is about.
For anyone who bought VGT years ago, selling carries a cost most holders underestimate. The ETF returned roughly 807% over the past ten years, and long-tenured holders are sitting on embedded gains that would trigger meaningful capital gains tax at exit. Rebalancing by trimming VGT to reduce single-name risk essentially converts an unrealized concentration problem into a realized tax bill. Adding around the position rather than cutting into it addresses the concentration without triggering the tax.
To size the exposure: Apple carries a market cap near $4.57 trillion and Microsoft near $3.71 trillion, with NVIDIA above $5.42 trillion. In a market-cap-weighted tech index, those three swamp everything else. A VGT holder is functionally running a concentrated bet on the AI capex cycle, iPhone unit economics, and Azure.
When Microsoft’s Azure crossed $100 billion in annual revenue, and NVIDIA’s data center revenue grew 92% year over year last quarter, VGT flew. When any one of these three stumbles, the fund’s dispersion vanishes.
The right complement does two things at once: it holds little to no Apple, Microsoft, or NVIDIA, and it costs almost nothing to own, so the pairing does not erode returns through fees.
That points squarely at a large-cap value fund. My preferred pair is the Vanguard Value ETF (NYSEARCA:VTV), which charges a 0.03% expense ratio compared with VGT’s 0.09%. VTV is anchored in financials, healthcare, industrials, and consumer staples. Its top holdings barely overlap with VGT’s, which is the entire point.
The mechanic is straightforward. If a portfolio is 100% VGT, the top three names dominate. Split that same capital 60/40 between VGT and VTV, and the effective weight of Apple, Microsoft, and NVIDIA in the combined sleeve drops sharply without a single share of VGT being sold. New savings, dividends, and any new IRA contributions get routed to VTV until the desired mix is reached. This is dilution by addition, and it keeps the tax basis untouched.
Diluting VGT with a value fund will slow the portfolio in tech-led years. VGT gained roughly 41% over the past year, a pace no diversified value fund is going to match. Second, the pairing will introduce sector overlap you may not want in taxable accounts, so hold VTV in an IRA where possible.
Third, this fix does nothing to change VGT itself. If the top three de-rate together, the VGT sleeve will still take the hit; the pairing simply prevents that hit from defining the whole portfolio.
VGT paired with a value complement fits the investor who believes in tech’s long-run compounding but has watched a single-fund holding become a de facto three-stock bet.
If you are early in accumulation with no embedded gains, sizing VGT smaller from the start is cleaner. If you are already deep in the position and unwilling to hand the IRS a check to fix the weightings, adding VTV around it is the low-cost answer.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Omor Ibne Ehsan is a writer at 24/7 Wall St. He is a self-taught investor with a focus on growth and cyclical stocks that have strong fundamentals, value, and long-term potential. He also has an interest in high-risk, high-reward investments such as cryptocurrencies and penny stocks.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
A 45-year-old tech professional sitting on $200,000 in Invesco QQQ Trust (NASDAQ:QQQ) for growth exposure has a fair question in…
The Schwab Fundamental International Equity ETF (NYSEARCA:FNDF) has ~900 holdings across Europe, Japan, the UK, and the rest of the…
The pitch on the Vanguard Information Technology ETF (NYSEARCA:VGT) is sector breadth. You pay nine basis points, you get the…
The pitch for Vanguard Growth ETF (NYSEARCA:VUG) sits at the cheap end of a long-running debate about whether active stock…
The Roundhill Magnificent Seven ETF has crushed the broad market since its launch, but equal-weighting seven mega-cap giants cuts both…
The Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (NYSEARCA:VOO) just became the first exchange-traded fund in history to cross one trillion dollars in…
Every bull market since 2016 has been a mega cap story. The S&P 500’s gains over the past decade have…
Vanguard's cheapest growth ETF carries a nearly perfect long-term track record and a three-cent price tag, but crack open the…
Micron's brutal post-earnings cooldown sent shockwaves through the semiconductor world, but three major tech ETFs absorbed the hit in surprisingly…"
79,2026-08-08,"Dhoot Transmission has raised Rs 918 crore from 72 anchor investors ahead of its Rs 3,067-crore IPO, with domestic mutual funds accounting for 61.27% of the anchor allocation. The company will use the proceeds to repay debt, fund expansion and pursue acquisitions.

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Bigger or Better: Tata Power – the hard part is done. Will the paying part start? Part 3
ET Prime special series: Bigger or Better ? FY13 to FY26. Not years, but evidence: Tata Power - Part 1
Did dollar bail out yen or vice-versa?
How Future Consumer insolvency professional selection slipped from SBI’s control
More troubles brewing, is SpiceJet flying too close to the sun?
In a first, Airbus set to source Indian titanium for its planes
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Slideshow
Top Commodities
Top Definitions
Top Prime Articles
Top Story Listing
Top Performing MF
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime









                             Connect with an ETPrime expert for personalized support and guidance
                            
What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
80,2026-08-08,"Blue Owl Capital NYSE: OBDC reported second-quarter 2026 adjusted net investment income of $0.34 per share, up from $0.31 in the prior quarter, as a large investment realization and higher specialty-finance dividend income lifted results. Net asset value per share declined to $14.26 from $14.41 in the first quarter, primarily due to a markdown on one portfolio company.


Chief Executive Officer Craig Packer said adjusted net investment income translated to a 9.6% annualized return on equity, more than 100 basis points above the prior quarter. The company said earnings comfortably covered its base dividend and supported a supplemental distribution.


The board declared a third-quarter base dividend of $0.31 per share, payable Oct. 15 to shareholders of record Sept. 30. It also declared a $0.02 per-share supplemental dividend, payable Sept. 15 to shareholders of record Aug. 31.

Large Mavis Realization Boosts Income
Management attributed much of the quarter-over-quarter increase in net investment income to the repayment of its preferred-equity investment in Mavis Tire. Blue Owl collected approximately $274 million in cash from the repayment, including $66 million of accrued payment-in-kind, or PIK, interest. The investment generated a 1.5-times multiple on invested capital, according to Senior Managing Director Logan Nicholson.

The Mavis repayment was Blue Owl’s largest PIK investment realization to date and contributed about $0.03 per share of fee income, management said during the question-and-answer session. Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer Jonathan Lamm said the income was recorded as fee income because of the way the preferred instrument was repurchased, rather than as interest income.

Nicholson said Mavis had grown to roughly four times its size since Blue Owl’s initial preferred-equity investment and had become one of the country’s largest tire-service companies.

The realization reduced PIK income to 10.7% of total investment income in the second quarter, compared with peak levels above 13% two years earlier. Nicholson said much of Blue Owl’s PIK exposure was intentionally structured at investment inception to enhance returns rather than resulting from distressed borrowers.

Higher dividend income from the company’s life sciences-focused specialty finance vehicle, LSI, also contributed to quarterly earnings. LSI benefited from the repayment of ITM Radiopharma, which generated an internal rate of return above 20% on a $140 million position, Nicholson said. Since inception, LSI has generated returns of more than 15% to Blue Owl, according to management.

Portfolio Activity Remains Muted
Blue Owl funded $429 million of investments during the second quarter and received $747 million of repayments. The imbalance reduced net leverage to 1.11 times, the company’s lowest level in more than two years and within its target range of 0.9 to 1.25 times.

Management said transaction activity remained subdued as refinancing activity and merger-and-acquisition activity slowed amid asset-price volatility, wider spreads and geopolitical uncertainty. Nicholson said many refinancings that had accounted for a significant portion of activity in prior quarters have become less attractive in the current spread environment.

“Underwriting discipline continues to take precedence over deployment volume,” Packer said. He added that the company remains active in discussions with borrowers and sponsors, including opportunities to support existing portfolio companies through add-ons and other financings.

Blue Owl remains focused on the upper middle market, where management said it sees the best risk-adjusted returns. Packer said the firm has a broad sponsor and company coverage network and does not believe it is missing investment opportunities despite the muted market environment.

The company said it has more than $10 billion of available capital across its platform and could deploy selectively as conditions improve. Packer said the forward rate curve is roughly 100 basis points higher than earlier in the year, while spreads remain wider and financing terms have become more attractive for direct lenders.

Isolated Credit Markdown Drives NAV Decline
Blue Owl said the decline in net asset value was largely driven by a credit-specific markdown on Loparex. The company had been pursuing a transaction that would have brought in new equity and recapitalized its balance sheet, but the transaction did not close, leading Blue Owl to mark down its position.

Non-accrual investments represented 0.8% of the portfolio at fair value at quarter-end, slightly lower than the prior quarter. Nicholson said Loparex, which represented about 90 basis points of the portfolio at cost, accounted for the divergence between non-accrual measurements at cost and fair value.

Management said broader portfolio fundamentals remained stable. Portfolio-company revenue and EBITDA grew at mid- to high-single-digit year-over-year rates, while interest coverage remained around two times. Average borrower net leverage was 5.8 times, down modestly over the past two years, and loan-to-value ratios were stable at 47%.

Blue Owl’s portfolio is diversified across 30 industries, with an average position size of approximately 40 basis points. Software represented about 18% of the portfolio. Nicholson said software remained one of the portfolio’s best-performing sectors in terms of revenue and EBITDA growth, though management continues to monitor developments in the sector and remains cautious on new software deployment.

Capital Structure and Repurchases
The company repurchased $35 million of shares during the quarter, which Lamm said added $0.03 per share to net asset value. Since the fourth quarter of 2025, Blue Owl has repurchased about $220 million of stock.

Lamm said the company evaluates buybacks, leverage and new investments as competing uses of capital and expects to continue repurchasing shares when management views the stock as attractive, while monitoring liquidity and leverage.

During the quarter, Blue Owl raised about $800 million of unsecured debt and addressed roughly $1 billion of legacy maturities in July. It also amended and extended its revolving credit facility, retaining $4 billion of capacity with unchanged pricing. The company eliminated two higher-cost secured facilities as part of its capital-structure optimization efforts.

Total liquidity, including cash and undrawn credit capacity, stood at approximately $3.5 billion after accounting for the July bond maturity, exceeding the company’s unfunded commitments. Lamm said the company had about $0.29 per share of spillover income, providing additional support for the base dividend.About Blue Owl Capital (NYSE:OBDC)Blue Owl Capital Corporation NYSE: OBDC is a publicly traded business development company sponsored by Blue Owl Capital, a global alternative asset manager. Launched in 2020, the firm provides customized financing solutions to middle-market companies across various industries. As an externally managed BDC, Blue Owl Capital Corporation leverages the deep credit‐investment capabilities of its sponsor to deliver flexible capital tailored to the needs of growing businesses.

The company's investment activities span a range of private credit products, including first‐lien senior secured loans, unitranche facilities, second‐lien financings, mezzanine debt, and minority equity co-investments.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Blue Owl Capital Right Now?Before you consider Blue Owl Capital, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Blue Owl Capital wasn't on the list.While Blue Owl Capital currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here  The Best Nuclear Energy Stocks to BuyNuclear energy is entering a new growth cycle as rising power demand, expanding data centers, and renewed policy support bring the sector back into focus. After strong gains in recent years, the most impactful phase of nuclear investment may still be ahead.

This report highlights seven nuclear energy stocks positioned across the value chain—combining near-term revenue with long-term upside as next-generation technologies scale. Click the link below to unlock the full list.Get This Free Report

Management attributed much of the quarter-over-quarter increase in net investment income to the repayment of its preferred-equity investment in Mavis Tire. Blue Owl collected approximately $274 million in cash from the repayment, including $66 million of accrued payment-in-kind, or PIK, interest. The investment generated a 1.5-times multiple on invested capital, according to Senior Managing Director Logan Nicholson.


The Mavis repayment was Blue Owl’s largest PIK investment realization to date and contributed about $0.03 per share of fee income, management said during the question-and-answer session. Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer Jonathan Lamm said the income was recorded as fee income because of the way the preferred instrument was repurchased, rather than as interest income.


Nicholson said Mavis had grown to roughly four times its size since Blue Owl’s initial preferred-equity investment and had become one of the country’s largest tire-service companies.


The realization reduced PIK income to 10.7% of total investment income in the second quarter, compared with peak levels above 13% two years earlier. Nicholson said much of Blue Owl’s PIK exposure was intentionally structured at investment inception to enhance returns rather than resulting from distressed borrowers.


Higher dividend income from the company’s life sciences-focused specialty finance vehicle, LSI, also contributed to quarterly earnings. LSI benefited from the repayment of ITM Radiopharma, which generated an internal rate of return above 20% on a $140 million position, Nicholson said. Since inception, LSI has generated returns of more than 15% to Blue Owl, according to management.

Portfolio Activity Remains Muted
Blue Owl funded $429 million of investments during the second quarter and received $747 million of repayments. The imbalance reduced net leverage to 1.11 times, the company’s lowest level in more than two years and within its target range of 0.9 to 1.25 times.

Management said transaction activity remained subdued as refinancing activity and merger-and-acquisition activity slowed amid asset-price volatility, wider spreads and geopolitical uncertainty. Nicholson said many refinancings that had accounted for a significant portion of activity in prior quarters have become less attractive in the current spread environment.

“Underwriting discipline continues to take precedence over deployment volume,” Packer said. He added that the company remains active in discussions with borrowers and sponsors, including opportunities to support existing portfolio companies through add-ons and other financings.

Blue Owl remains focused on the upper middle market, where management said it sees the best risk-adjusted returns. Packer said the firm has a broad sponsor and company coverage network and does not believe it is missing investment opportunities despite the muted market environment.

The company said it has more than $10 billion of available capital across its platform and could deploy selectively as conditions improve. Packer said the forward rate curve is roughly 100 basis points higher than earlier in the year, while spreads remain wider and financing terms have become more attractive for direct lenders.

Isolated Credit Markdown Drives NAV Decline
Blue Owl said the decline in net asset value was largely driven by a credit-specific markdown on Loparex. The company had been pursuing a transaction that would have brought in new equity and recapitalized its balance sheet, but the transaction did not close, leading Blue Owl to mark down its position.

Non-accrual investments represented 0.8% of the portfolio at fair value at quarter-end, slightly lower than the prior quarter. Nicholson said Loparex, which represented about 90 basis points of the portfolio at cost, accounted for the divergence between non-accrual measurements at cost and fair value.

Management said broader portfolio fundamentals remained stable. Portfolio-company revenue and EBITDA grew at mid- to high-single-digit year-over-year rates, while interest coverage remained around two times. Average borrower net leverage was 5.8 times, down modestly over the past two years, and loan-to-value ratios were stable at 47%.

Blue Owl’s portfolio is diversified across 30 industries, with an average position size of approximately 40 basis points. Software represented about 18% of the portfolio. Nicholson said software remained one of the portfolio’s best-performing sectors in terms of revenue and EBITDA growth, though management continues to monitor developments in the sector and remains cautious on new software deployment.

Capital Structure and Repurchases
The company repurchased $35 million of shares during the quarter, which Lamm said added $0.03 per share to net asset value. Since the fourth quarter of 2025, Blue Owl has repurchased about $220 million of stock.

Lamm said the company evaluates buybacks, leverage and new investments as competing uses of capital and expects to continue repurchasing shares when management views the stock as attractive, while monitoring liquidity and leverage.

During the quarter, Blue Owl raised about $800 million of unsecured debt and addressed roughly $1 billion of legacy maturities in July. It also amended and extended its revolving credit facility, retaining $4 billion of capacity with unchanged pricing. The company eliminated two higher-cost secured facilities as part of its capital-structure optimization efforts.

Total liquidity, including cash and undrawn credit capacity, stood at approximately $3.5 billion after accounting for the July bond maturity, exceeding the company’s unfunded commitments. Lamm said the company had about $0.29 per share of spillover income, providing additional support for the base dividend.About Blue Owl Capital (NYSE:OBDC)Blue Owl Capital Corporation NYSE: OBDC is a publicly traded business development company sponsored by Blue Owl Capital, a global alternative asset manager. Launched in 2020, the firm provides customized financing solutions to middle-market companies across various industries. As an externally managed BDC, Blue Owl Capital Corporation leverages the deep credit‐investment capabilities of its sponsor to deliver flexible capital tailored to the needs of growing businesses.

The company's investment activities span a range of private credit products, including first‐lien senior secured loans, unitranche facilities, second‐lien financings, mezzanine debt, and minority equity co-investments.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Blue Owl Capital Right Now?Before you consider Blue Owl Capital, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Blue Owl Capital wasn't on the list.While Blue Owl Capital currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here  The Best Nuclear Energy Stocks to BuyNuclear energy is entering a new growth cycle as rising power demand, expanding data centers, and renewed policy support bring the sector back into focus. After strong gains in recent years, the most impactful phase of nuclear investment may still be ahead.

This report highlights seven nuclear energy stocks positioned across the value chain—combining near-term revenue with long-term upside as next-generation technologies scale. Click the link below to unlock the full list.Get This Free Report

Blue Owl funded $429 million of investments during the second quarter and received $747 million of repayments. The imbalance reduced net leverage to 1.11 times, the company’s lowest level in more than two years and within its target range of 0.9 to 1.25 times.


Management said transaction activity remained subdued as refinancing activity and merger-and-acquisition activity slowed amid asset-price volatility, wider spreads and geopolitical uncertainty. Nicholson said many refinancings that had accounted for a significant portion of activity in prior quarters have become less attractive in the current spread environment.


“Underwriting discipline continues to take precedence over deployment volume,” Packer said. He added that the company remains active in discussions with borrowers and sponsors, including opportunities to support existing portfolio companies through add-ons and other financings.


Blue Owl remains focused on the upper middle market, where management said it sees the best risk-adjusted returns. Packer said the firm has a broad sponsor and company coverage network and does not believe it is missing investment opportunities despite the muted market environment.


The company said it has more than $10 billion of available capital across its platform and could deploy selectively as conditions improve. Packer said the forward rate curve is roughly 100 basis points higher than earlier in the year, while spreads remain wider and financing terms have become more attractive for direct lenders.

Isolated Credit Markdown Drives NAV Decline
Blue Owl said the decline in net asset value was largely driven by a credit-specific markdown on Loparex. The company had been pursuing a transaction that would have brought in new equity and recapitalized its balance sheet, but the transaction did not close, leading Blue Owl to mark down its position.

Non-accrual investments represented 0.8% of the portfolio at fair value at quarter-end, slightly lower than the prior quarter. Nicholson said Loparex, which represented about 90 basis points of the portfolio at cost, accounted for the divergence between non-accrual measurements at cost and fair value.

Management said broader portfolio fundamentals remained stable. Portfolio-company revenue and EBITDA grew at mid- to high-single-digit year-over-year rates, while interest coverage remained around two times. Average borrower net leverage was 5.8 times, down modestly over the past two years, and loan-to-value ratios were stable at 47%.

Blue Owl’s portfolio is diversified across 30 industries, with an average position size of approximately 40 basis points. Software represented about 18% of the portfolio. Nicholson said software remained one of the portfolio’s best-performing sectors in terms of revenue and EBITDA growth, though management continues to monitor developments in the sector and remains cautious on new software deployment.

Capital Structure and Repurchases
The company repurchased $35 million of shares during the quarter, which Lamm said added $0.03 per share to net asset value. Since the fourth quarter of 2025, Blue Owl has repurchased about $220 million of stock.

Lamm said the company evaluates buybacks, leverage and new investments as competing uses of capital and expects to continue repurchasing shares when management views the stock as attractive, while monitoring liquidity and leverage.

During the quarter, Blue Owl raised about $800 million of unsecured debt and addressed roughly $1 billion of legacy maturities in July. It also amended and extended its revolving credit facility, retaining $4 billion of capacity with unchanged pricing. The company eliminated two higher-cost secured facilities as part of its capital-structure optimization efforts.

Total liquidity, including cash and undrawn credit capacity, stood at approximately $3.5 billion after accounting for the July bond maturity, exceeding the company’s unfunded commitments. Lamm said the company had about $0.29 per share of spillover income, providing additional support for the base dividend.About Blue Owl Capital (NYSE:OBDC)Blue Owl Capital Corporation NYSE: OBDC is a publicly traded business development company sponsored by Blue Owl Capital, a global alternative asset manager. Launched in 2020, the firm provides customized financing solutions to middle-market companies across various industries. As an externally managed BDC, Blue Owl Capital Corporation leverages the deep credit‐investment capabilities of its sponsor to deliver flexible capital tailored to the needs of growing businesses.

The company's investment activities span a range of private credit products, including first‐lien senior secured loans, unitranche facilities, second‐lien financings, mezzanine debt, and minority equity co-investments.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Blue Owl Capital Right Now?Before you consider Blue Owl Capital, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Blue Owl Capital wasn't on the list.While Blue Owl Capital currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here  The Best Nuclear Energy Stocks to BuyNuclear energy is entering a new growth cycle as rising power demand, expanding data centers, and renewed policy support bring the sector back into focus. After strong gains in recent years, the most impactful phase of nuclear investment may still be ahead.

This report highlights seven nuclear energy stocks positioned across the value chain—combining near-term revenue with long-term upside as next-generation technologies scale. Click the link below to unlock the full list.Get This Free Report

Blue Owl said the decline in net asset value was largely driven by a credit-specific markdown on Loparex. The company had been pursuing a transaction that would have brought in new equity and recapitalized its balance sheet, but the transaction did not close, leading Blue Owl to mark down its position.


Non-accrual investments represented 0.8% of the portfolio at fair value at quarter-end, slightly lower than the prior quarter. Nicholson said Loparex, which represented about 90 basis points of the portfolio at cost, accounted for the divergence between non-accrual measurements at cost and fair value.


Management said broader portfolio fundamentals remained stable. Portfolio-company revenue and EBITDA grew at mid- to high-single-digit year-over-year rates, while interest coverage remained around two times. Average borrower net leverage was 5.8 times, down modestly over the past two years, and loan-to-value ratios were stable at 47%.


Blue Owl’s portfolio is diversified across 30 industries, with an average position size of approximately 40 basis points. Software represented about 18% of the portfolio. Nicholson said software remained one of the portfolio’s best-performing sectors in terms of revenue and EBITDA growth, though management continues to monitor developments in the sector and remains cautious on new software deployment.

Capital Structure and Repurchases
The company repurchased $35 million of shares during the quarter, which Lamm said added $0.03 per share to net asset value. Since the fourth quarter of 2025, Blue Owl has repurchased about $220 million of stock.

Lamm said the company evaluates buybacks, leverage and new investments as competing uses of capital and expects to continue repurchasing shares when management views the stock as attractive, while monitoring liquidity and leverage.

During the quarter, Blue Owl raised about $800 million of unsecured debt and addressed roughly $1 billion of legacy maturities in July. It also amended and extended its revolving credit facility, retaining $4 billion of capacity with unchanged pricing. The company eliminated two higher-cost secured facilities as part of its capital-structure optimization efforts.

Total liquidity, including cash and undrawn credit capacity, stood at approximately $3.5 billion after accounting for the July bond maturity, exceeding the company’s unfunded commitments. Lamm said the company had about $0.29 per share of spillover income, providing additional support for the base dividend.About Blue Owl Capital (NYSE:OBDC)Blue Owl Capital Corporation NYSE: OBDC is a publicly traded business development company sponsored by Blue Owl Capital, a global alternative asset manager. Launched in 2020, the firm provides customized financing solutions to middle-market companies across various industries. As an externally managed BDC, Blue Owl Capital Corporation leverages the deep credit‐investment capabilities of its sponsor to deliver flexible capital tailored to the needs of growing businesses.

The company's investment activities span a range of private credit products, including first‐lien senior secured loans, unitranche facilities, second‐lien financings, mezzanine debt, and minority equity co-investments.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Blue Owl Capital Right Now?Before you consider Blue Owl Capital, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Blue Owl Capital wasn't on the list.While Blue Owl Capital currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here  The Best Nuclear Energy Stocks to BuyNuclear energy is entering a new growth cycle as rising power demand, expanding data centers, and renewed policy support bring the sector back into focus. After strong gains in recent years, the most impactful phase of nuclear investment may still be ahead.

This report highlights seven nuclear energy stocks positioned across the value chain—combining near-term revenue with long-term upside as next-generation technologies scale. Click the link below to unlock the full list.Get This Free Report

The company repurchased $35 million of shares during the quarter, which Lamm said added $0.03 per share to net asset value. Since the fourth quarter of 2025, Blue Owl has repurchased about $220 million of stock.


Lamm said the company evaluates buybacks, leverage and new investments as competing uses of capital and expects to continue repurchasing shares when management views the stock as attractive, while monitoring liquidity and leverage.


During the quarter, Blue Owl raised about $800 million of unsecured debt and addressed roughly $1 billion of legacy maturities in July. It also amended and extended its revolving credit facility, retaining $4 billion of capacity with unchanged pricing. The company eliminated two higher-cost secured facilities as part of its capital-structure optimization efforts.


Total liquidity, including cash and undrawn credit capacity, stood at approximately $3.5 billion after accounting for the July bond maturity, exceeding the company’s unfunded commitments. Lamm said the company had about $0.29 per share of spillover income, providing additional support for the base dividend.About Blue Owl Capital (NYSE:OBDC)Blue Owl Capital Corporation NYSE: OBDC is a publicly traded business development company sponsored by Blue Owl Capital, a global alternative asset manager. Launched in 2020, the firm provides customized financing solutions to middle-market companies across various industries. As an externally managed BDC, Blue Owl Capital Corporation leverages the deep credit‐investment capabilities of its sponsor to deliver flexible capital tailored to the needs of growing businesses.

The company's investment activities span a range of private credit products, including first‐lien senior secured loans, unitranche facilities, second‐lien financings, mezzanine debt, and minority equity co-investments.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Blue Owl Capital Right Now?Before you consider Blue Owl Capital, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Blue Owl Capital wasn't on the list.While Blue Owl Capital currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here  The Best Nuclear Energy Stocks to BuyNuclear energy is entering a new growth cycle as rising power demand, expanding data centers, and renewed policy support bring the sector back into focus. After strong gains in recent years, the most impactful phase of nuclear investment may still be ahead.

This report highlights seven nuclear energy stocks positioned across the value chain—combining near-term revenue with long-term upside as next-generation technologies scale. Click the link below to unlock the full list.Get This Free Report

Blue Owl Capital Corporation NYSE: OBDC is a publicly traded business development company sponsored by Blue Owl Capital, a global alternative asset manager. Launched in 2020, the firm provides customized financing solutions to middle-market companies across various industries. As an externally managed BDC, Blue Owl Capital Corporation leverages the deep credit‐investment capabilities of its sponsor to deliver flexible capital tailored to the needs of growing businesses.


The company's investment activities span a range of private credit products, including first‐lien senior secured loans, unitranche facilities, second‐lien financings, mezzanine debt, and minority equity co-investments.
This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.
Before you consider Blue Owl Capital, you'll want to hear this.
MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Blue Owl Capital wasn't on the list.
While Blue Owl Capital currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.
View The Five Stocks Here 
Nuclear energy is entering a new growth cycle as rising power demand, expanding data centers, and renewed policy support bring the sector back into focus. After strong gains in recent years, the most impactful phase of nuclear investment may still be ahead.

This report highlights seven nuclear energy stocks positioned across the value chain—combining near-term revenue with long-term upside as next-generation technologies scale. Click the link below to unlock the full list.
Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools and reports.
Featured By

                                        345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103
                                        
                                        contact@marketbeat.com
                                        
                                        (844) 978-6257
                                    
© MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved.

                                © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided by Massive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see Barchart's disclaimer. 

My Account - 
"
81,2026-08-08,"Bloating can strike after a big meal, seemingly out of nowhere, or become a regular part of your day. No matter the cause, it's uncomfortable, and it can make everything from getting dressed to concentrating at work feel harder.
While simple habits like eating more slowly, taking a walk after meals, and staying hydrated can help, supporting your gut microbiome may also play an important role in long-term digestive comfort. That's where a targeted probiotic comes in.
Not all probiotics are created equal. Different probiotic strains have different functions, and many products don't contain strains that have actually been studied for digestive comfort. That's why it's important to look beyond the total CFU count and pay attention to the specific strains and the amount of each one.
mindbodygreen's advanced probiotic+ with bloat support was designed specifically to promote digestive comfort with three clinically studied probiotic strains delivered at research-backed amounts:*
Together, these strains work to support a balanced gut microbiome and healthy digestion.* With consistent daily use, advanced probiotic+ is designed to help calm the gut within two weeks, reduce occasional gas and bloating by around week three, support regular bowel movements by week four, and help maintain digestive comfort over time.*†
It's also a favorite among customers who report noticeable improvements in bloating, regularity, and overall digestive wellness after making it part of their daily routine.* This is what they’re saying 
(231)
“This is the best!! Keeps me regular without any sign of bloat. Have tried others with no results.”*
–Mari N. 
“When my previous probiotic was out of stock, I went looking for an alternative. I read reviews for mindbodygreen and figured I'd give it a try. I waited a few weeks to review, since I read in other reviews that the results may not be immediate. I can confidently say that now, about 3-4 weeks in, this product works great for me! Bloating is gone, and things are regular. I feel great! Highly recommend trying this if, like me, you've tried over time to find a probiotic that really works.”*
–Rebecca 
 “I was a bit leary about purchasing this product. I've been taking these probiotics for only 2 weeks, and I can FEEL THE DIFFERENCE. I used to feel bloated all day, every day. Well, I no longer feel bloated, and I no longer look like it. My bowel movements have never been regular, and since I've been on these probiotics, I go at least one time every other day. I highly recommend this to everyone. I will be ordering more!!”*
–Adrienne
“Never thought taking a certain probiotic made a difference as long as I had lots of strains. Now I know! mbg’s formula is gentle on the stomach and simply does the job without any side effects or discomfort. I’m now a subscriber and happily so.”*
–Beth H.S.
“[I] noticed clear digestive health benefits within a few weeks of use. Will continue to use!”*
–Zeeshan B. 
“Ingredients matter! Have found mbg to be the best probiotic in the market. Keeps me regular and feeling good when I wake up. Thank you for the pro tips too via newsletter!”*
–Melissa R. 
Tired of feeling bloated? It’s time to make a change and add the right probiotic to your routine. Learn more about advanced probiotic+ (and what to expect when taking it) here. 
(231)
*These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease."
82,2026-08-08,"GoDaddy Inc. (NYSE:GDDY) beat consensus estimates on both revenue and earnings, but that wasn’t enough to prevent the stock from dropping 12%. The market’s r..."
83,2026-08-08,"Switch between CA and NY editions here.

				See more of our coverage in your search results.			
A Polymarket bettor who says he correctly predicted President Trump would say “Khamenei” back in March is suing the prediction market giant for $170,000 in damages after the site claimed Trump never said the word. 
A few weeks after the war with Iran began on Feb. 28, Polymarket asked bettors a simple yes or no question: would Trump say the words “Khamenei” or “Ayatollah” during the week of March 15? The bet was part of Polymarket’s recurring series, “What will Trump say this week?”
Jesús Manuel Gonzalez Hernandez claims he bought 170,000 “yes” shares for $300. His payout, had he placed a winning bet, would have been a whopping $170,000.
The suit alleges that while talking to reporters aboard Air Force One that week, Trump said “Khamenei” twice. Gonzalez Hernandez’s lawyers point to White House transcripts of the exchange and video of the president speaking as proof.
“They showed about 250,000 people in the square, saying how much they love Khamenei,” Trump appears to say to reporters in the video. 
But Polymarket concluded that the president never said the word, resolved the market “no” and Gonzalez Hernandez was not paid out. 
According to the suit, Polymarket defended its position by claiming Trump had mispronounced the name and that he was referring to Ruhollah Khomeini, Iran’s leader who died in 1989.
But Gonzalez Hernandez’s lawyers argue the rules of the bet did not specify that Trump’s pronunciation be exact, or that the president had to be speaking about Mojtaba Khamenei, Iran’s supreme leader.  
They also called Polymarket’s claim that Trump was speaking about Khomeini implausible. 
“Khomeini had been dead for nearly 37 years,” the suit says. “The President was talking about a live war with a living adversary. To hear a reference to a man dead since 1989, one has to be looking for a reason not to pay.”

							Morning Report delivers the latest news, videos, photos and more.						



						Please provide a valid email.					


				By clicking above you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.			

					Never miss a story.				
Lawyers allege that Polymarket’s “no” judgement was due to either failed technology or that it was overridden by the operator.
“Our client’s case is about being treated unfairly by a multi-billion dollar company. He trusted Polymarket, played by its written rules, and was wronged,” Max Burwick, Gonzalez Hernandez’s lawyer, said in a statement to The Post.  
Polymarket declined to comment on the lawsuit. CEO Shayne Coplan and CMO Matthew Modabber were also named in the lawsuit but could not be reached for comment. 



"
84,2026-08-08,"The software development profession is in the midst of upheaval. Nobody knows how the AI revolution will play out in the end, but it is clear many aspects of work and life will be transformed—including programming.
One of the comments I hear often lately boils down to “LLMs may be good at coding, but software was never the hard part” and “coding is easy, it's figuring out what to code that's hard”.
I believe that's a gross insult to all programmers everywhere.
If coding is easy, how come programmers were in high demand, and have demanded large salaries for years (even before ZIRP)? Why was there so much stress, overwork and burnout even before AI started churning out 5000-line PRs? Why did companies seek 10x ninja rockstar coders and subject them to leetcode interviews—surely, a junior fresh out of college could churn out something if it's so easy?
If coding is easy, why do we have doorstoppers like Clean Code and The Pragmatic Programmer? Is The Art of Computer Programming a light summer read? Is SICP a coffee-table book? Why do we have bootcamps or even whole college degrees dedicated to it?
If coding is easy, was Carmack just at the right place at the right time? Why do we consider Fabrice Bellard a genius?
If coding is easy, why are people angry at AI (or anyone else) copying their code? Why do they act like they've poured their sweat, soul, and copious amounts of time into something so trivial?
If coding is easy, why do many now feel like their identity and professional purpose are being stripped away from them?
If coding is easy, why is software so damn buggy?
If deciding what to build is the hard part, why do so many product managers seem clueless? Why aren't there rigorous 10-step interviews for them? Why aren't they getting paid more than the developers?
If deciding what to build is the hard part, why aren't market researchers, usability experts and—hell, customer success—considered rockstars in a software company? If “understanding the customer” is harder, why are business analysts looked down on as pencil pushers?
If implementation is easy and finding demand is harder, why are programmers upset when the salespeople promise a new feature to a customer to close the sale? They've found a genuine demand, something people will pay for!
If coding is easy, why doesn't everyone just build ten variations of a thing and see which pans out?
Another cliché comment is “most work in software development is talking to stakeholders, understanding the customer's needs, and having clarity on the priorities”.
I have met many programmers throughout my career, and very few of them want to talk to stakeholders, much less customers (exceptions are freelancers and founders, especially of software development shops). And, “having clarity on the priorities” boils down to “just tell me what to do and don't switch it up every two days”.
Some software developers do say “I don't write code, I solve customer's problems”. But then they turn around and start to opine on monads, memory safety, and DRY principles, while their understanding of the customer is a made-up “user persona”, and they think “affordance” is the money your parents used to give you on weekends so you could go out and have a good time.
Yet others will say “Software development is theory building”. Programs are actually proofs (as in, mathematical proofs). Every commit should tell a story. And solving a customer's problem by FTPing a PHP file is a cardinal sin.
I don't mean to imply there are no developers that simultaneously care deeply about the craft of software development and really empathize with the customer. I do believe they might want to see a professional about a split personality disorder, tho.
I do believe that talking to users, understanding their experience, empathizing with them, solving customers' problems and having all the stakeholders on the same page is critical to the success of a software project.
I also believe that creating good code is a craft that requires skill, patience, attention to detail, experience and wisdom, and that it will continue to be relevant in the times ahead.
¿Por qué no los dos?
To the extent that we can pull it off, I think we should aim for both. A deep understanding of the system we're building, together with a deep understanding of why we're building it.
Loudly proclaiming that “code is easy” or, at the opposite end, “code is art, a creative human expression that cannot be automated”, is just burying our heads in the sand.
It's cope. And you don't want cope, you want to thrive.
By this, I don't mean “jump on the LLM bandwagon.” I don't mean “become a manager of fleets of AI agents.” I also don't mean “AI-generated code is stolen slop garbage, fight it with tooth and nail, the bubble will pop soon enough anyways.”
But do recognize we're in the middle of an industry-wide tectonic change. We need to figure out how to adapt. We need to understand what is likely to change and what never changes.
Software will be getting more complex. Software will always need maintenance: bit-rot is a fact of life. So is entropy. Technology (hardware and software) will move forward, for better or worse. The tower (skyscraper?) of abstractions grows ever higher.
Users will always want more and be prepared to spend less. They still won't know how to relay their needs and wants. Worse, they still won't know exactly what they want. The disconnect between the customers (who actually pay for the software) and users (who use it) will still be here, as will the tension between the needs of the business and the needs of its customers.
Also: there will never be a shortage of snake oil salesmen. Tech du jour comes and goes (I'm still waiting for the new VR renaissance!)
Programmers have been in the business of disrupting our own industry since the beginning. Nobody uses punch-cards any more. Very few people need to code in assembly, or COBOL. Those decades spent fighting memory bugs in C or C++, with the scars to prove it, are worthless in the age of Rust, Go, Python and JavaScript.
I'm old enough to appreciate valgrind or remember mysql_real_escape_string() from the PHP4 era—stuff I'll never again need in my life. And that wasn't even so long ago! I narrowly missed the dBase, Clipper, HyperCard and Access era, technologies which I can still spot operating in shops, cafes, or a dusty, once beige and now golden-brown, midi-tower still happily running some bespoke biz solution (backups? what backups?)
Accept that change happens. Be equal parts curious and critical about the new stuff.
Understand there's a lot of hype and try to discriminate between hot air and what really works (and to what extent). Also be aware of ever-shifting goalposts: stand back and look at the past year, or five, and assess the velocity of change (technical, economic, societal).
Your role and your responsibilities will be changing. Be willing to invest time and energy into better understanding fields or roles adjacent to yours.
If you're a senior developer, don't just find solace in deepening your expertise. Learn about user experience, customer interviews, or business strategies for the companies in your domain. It will help you gain a better appreciation of all the work done to put a piece of software into users' hands, whether or not you'll actually ever have to do any of those other bits.
If you're just starting or are junior in your role: invest in deepening your understanding of how software works. Understanding pointers, recursion, or memory hierarchy will help you even if you're a JavaScript developer. Understanding network protocols and how HTTP works will be useful even if you're building WordPress plugins. Do leetcode and learn about algorithms and data structures even if you don't need to. Don't be afraid to ask why and how exactly.
For inspiration, here are a few books and other resources that might be helpful:
Whoever you are, don't outsource your understanding, judgement, empathy and taste to AI. Don't abdicate your responsibility. Don't be a meat proxy.
published with write.as"
85,2026-08-08,"Pankil is a Civil Engineer turned freelance writer from Ahmedabad, India. As a long-time Windows and Android user, he has extensive knowledge of both operating systems and specializes in creating how-tos and troubleshooting guides. 
 
Pankil has been writing about Windows, Android, and iOS since 2021. He has written over 1200 articles across reputable publications like MakeUseOf, GuidingTech, and TechWiser.
 
Outside of his writing endeavors, Pankil is an avid football fan and loves to plan his international travels with his wife in his free time.
Galaxy phones get a lot of flak for bloatware, annoying ads, and slower charging speeds. And yes, all of that is true. But there's no denying that Galaxy phones are the most feature-packed Android phones on the market. There's a surprisingly long list of One UI features you won't find on any other Android phone, and once you get used to them, switching away feels like a downgrade.
Free up storage in a pinch.
Secure Folder on Galaxy phones gives you a separate space where you can save your private apps, photos, and files. You can secure it with a PIN, password, or a fingerprint that's separate from your main one. All your data remains completely separate from the main profile, and it’s all encrypted. It kind of gives you a secret phone inside your phone, which also makes up for the lack of multi-user profile on One UI.
It’s also possible to hide the Secure Folder icon from the app drawer entirely, so there’s no obvious way to tell it exists. I know Pixel has Private Space, but it feels like a half-hearted attempt at something similar. 
This may not appeal to everyone, but if you’ve ever struggled with flaky Wi-Fi and no idea where to start, your Galaxy phone has you covered. There’s a built-in Wi-Fi analyzer tool that you can use to fix your home Wi-Fi. I don’t blame you for not knowing about it because it’s hidden by default. 
Its home Wi-Fi inspection tool, for instance, can help you map the Wi-Fi signal strength around your house, which is handy for tracking down those dead zones and figuring out if moving your router would actually help. There’s even a Wi-Fi channel scanning tool, which shows you which Wi-Fi channels in your neighborhood are overcrowded, so you can switch to a less congested one and get a noticeable speed bump. It’s nothing glamorous, but it’s one less to install should you ever need it.
Samsung DeX has to be one of the most underrated One UI features. It turns your Galaxy phone into a PC — all you need is a monitor or TV, and you’re all set. You can even connect an external keyboard and a mouse for a PC-like feel. You get resizable windows, a taskbar, and a drag-and-drop file management. 
It’s no gimmick either. DeX can run browsers, Office apps, email clients, and they all behave more like their desktop counterparts than their stretched-out phone apps. I recently started using DeX with my 55-inch TV wirelessly, and it’s a great way to multitask. I can play Instagram Reels or a video from the Gallery on the TV screen while using other apps on my phone. 
Good Lock is Samsung’s official customization app, and it’s the main reason Galaxy phones punch so far above every other Android phone when it comes to personalization. 
Good Lock is basically a hub app that lets you download individual modules. Each of these modules target different things — home screen, lock screen, keyboard, notifications, themes, and so on. Some of these Good Lock modules unlock genuinely useful features, like an internet speed meter, hidden camera settings, button remapping, better one-handed mode, and more. Heck, there’s even a display module that lets you set screen timeouts and refresh rates on a per-app basis.
And the best part is that these modules are constantly improving, so your Galaxy phone keeps getting new features almost every week.
This is one of those features most Galaxy users don’t even know exists even after using it for years. Samsung offers a temporary cloud backup option that lets you back up your phone’s entire data to Samsung Cloud for 30 days. We’re talking about apps, photos, videos, contacts, messages, settings, and even Secure Folder data. Most importantly, it’s completely free. 
It’s designed specifically for device switches, but it’s also a neat way to factory reset your Galaxy phone without losing any data. Sure, it’s not something you’d need every day, but I'd rather have it and not use it than need it and not have it.
Samsung’s Modes and Routines are quite handy for automating various everyday actions on your phone. Modes are essentially presets for your phone’s behavior. Samsung gives you a few out of the box — Sleep, Work, Exercise — but you can build your own from scratch. Each mode can automatically adjust your display settings, notification behavior, sound profile, and even wallpaper. The idea is to make your phone behave differently depending on what you’re doing.
Routines are a bit different. They work on if-then rules. You can automate things, like increasing the volume to 80% when you connect your earbuds, have a custom battery saver kick in when your phone drops below 50% and you're away from home, or even set one that reads the weather forecast out loud as soon as you dismiss your morning alarm. It’s all about how creative you can get. I know Pixel devices have Rules but it pales in comparison to Samsung’s Modes and Routines.
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved

Android 17 has a desktop mode like Dex. 
The best of MakeUseOf, directly in your inbox.
By subscribing, you agree to receive newsletter and marketing emails, and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe anytime."
86,2026-08-08,"Miller Industries NYSE: MLR reported second-quarter 2026 revenue of $240 million, up 12.1% from a year earlier and 32.7% sequentially, as steady production rates supported retail activity and order intake. The towing and recovery equipment maker said it expects similar quarterly revenue of about $250 million for the remainder of the year and reaffirmed its full-year revenue outlook of $850 million to $900 million.


President and CEO Will Miller said the company delivered revenue growth and improved profitability despite what he described as an inconsistent macroeconomic environment. He attributed the progress to production efficiencies and stronger cash generation, which helped the company reduce debt and increase financial flexibility.

Get Miller Industries alerts:Sign UpSecond-Quarter Results and Margins
Gross profit in the quarter was $35.9 million, representing 15% of sales, while net income totaled $7.3 million. Diluted earnings per share were $0.63, compared with $0.05 in the first quarter.

Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer Debbie Whitmire said the profitability improvement reflected operational efficiency and disciplined labor-cost management. However, gross profit was affected by a product mix that returned toward a more normalized balance between chassis and bodies after a period of elevated inventory within distribution channels.

The quarter’s earnings also included $0.11 per share of expenses related to the acquisition of Omars. Whitmire said Miller Industries has recognized the majority of transaction-related costs and expects any remaining impact to be less material. During the question-and-answer session, she estimated the remaining Omars-related expense for the year at roughly $0.04 to $0.05 per share, following impacts of $0.13 in the first quarter and $0.11 in the second quarter.

The company expects full-year earnings per share to be in line with 2025 results and expects gross margins to return to historical levels in the mid-13% range for 2026. Will Miller told analysts that greater chassis demand from distributors could modestly pressure margins as the product mix normalizes.

Cash, Debt Reduction and Shareholder Returns
Miller Industries ended the second quarter with $65.6 million in cash, an increase of $2.6 million from the prior quarter. The company also reduced debt by $20 million since the end of the first quarter.

Management said the balance sheet and cash generation provide flexibility to support investments, strategic opportunities and shareholder returns. The company returned $4.9 million to shareholders during the quarter through dividends and share repurchases, including $2.5 million in stock buybacks. Approximately $11.5 million remained available under its current repurchase authorization.

Will Miller said the company’s capital-allocation priorities include its quarterly dividend, which is currently $0.21 per share, share repurchases, working-capital optimization, selective acquisitions, and continued investment in capacity, automation and innovation. He said Miller Industries has paid dividends for 63 consecutive quarters and expects its cash generation to support these priorities without expanding its credit facility.

Domestic Demand Remains Stable
In the domestic towing market, management said retail demand, order entry and distributor inventory levels remained stable and near historical averages. The company expects retail activity and production volumes to remain broadly consistent with current levels.

Will Miller said customer sentiment remains influenced by consumer confidence, geopolitical developments and fuel prices. “Our production levels, retail activity levels, inventory levels, everything’s really flat right now,” he said, adding that distributors are satisfied with current inventory levels and that excess distributor inventory has largely been worked through.

He said domestic market conditions could improve if geopolitical tensions in the Middle East ease and fuel prices stabilize, but added that the company does not expect a significant improvement before there is more clarity on those issues.

Military Commitments Exceed $200 Million
Miller Industries said its military commitments have surpassed $200 million, with production scheduled to begin in 2027. The company expects the majority of revenue from those commitments to be recognized in 2028 and 2029.

During the call, Will Miller said the increase from more than $150 million in military commitments last quarter included several smaller items and one larger commitment. He said the vast majority involved heavy-duty production, with some industrial car carriers included. He did not disclose the customer or region associated with the larger contract.

The company said it continues to work with domestic and international government agencies on additional opportunities and sees military recovery vehicles as a potential driver of results in future years.

Capacity Expansion and International Operations
International and export backlog levels remained consistent, according to management, while the company’s overseas facilities continued operating at a steady pace. Miller Industries said its Omars acquisition is progressing smoothly and is expected to be accretive in the first year after accounting for transaction expenses.

The company is also pursuing an €8 million expansion at Jigé in France, which remains on track for completion in mid-2027. Separately, Miller Industries expects to begin construction in the fourth quarter of 2026 on a new manufacturing facility in Ooltewah, Tennessee, after wrapping up site preparation during the current month.

The planned facility will exceed 200,000 square feet and is targeted to be production-ready by late 2027. Management said the site will support production of high-volume defense-grade recovery vehicles and global export demand while maintaining service for North American customers. The facility is also expected to incorporate manufacturing technology intended to improve heavy-duty workflows and efficiency.About Miller Industries (NYSE:MLR)Miller Industries, Inc is a leading designer, engineer and manufacturer of towing and recovery vehicles and related equipment. The company's product portfolio includes light-, medium- and heavy-duty tow trucks, integrated carriers, rotators, wreckers, trailers and associated hydraulic and electronic components. These products are marketed under well-known brand names, including Miller, Century, Holmes, Vulcan, Chevron and Jige International, serving a broad spectrum of customers in the towing, recovery, roadside assistance and vehicle transport industries.

Headquartered in Ooltewah, Tennessee, Miller Industries was founded in the early 1990s and has grown into a global supplier of towing and recovery solutions.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Miller Industries Right Now?Before you consider Miller Industries, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miller Industries wasn't on the list.While Miller Industries currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold ForeverWith the proliferation of data centers and electric vehicles, the electric grid will only get more strained. Download this report to learn how energy stocks can play a role in your portfolio as the global demand for energy continues to grow.Get This Free Report

Gross profit in the quarter was $35.9 million, representing 15% of sales, while net income totaled $7.3 million. Diluted earnings per share were $0.63, compared with $0.05 in the first quarter.


Executive Vice President, CFO and Treasurer Debbie Whitmire said the profitability improvement reflected operational efficiency and disciplined labor-cost management. However, gross profit was affected by a product mix that returned toward a more normalized balance between chassis and bodies after a period of elevated inventory within distribution channels.


The quarter’s earnings also included $0.11 per share of expenses related to the acquisition of Omars. Whitmire said Miller Industries has recognized the majority of transaction-related costs and expects any remaining impact to be less material. During the question-and-answer session, she estimated the remaining Omars-related expense for the year at roughly $0.04 to $0.05 per share, following impacts of $0.13 in the first quarter and $0.11 in the second quarter.


The company expects full-year earnings per share to be in line with 2025 results and expects gross margins to return to historical levels in the mid-13% range for 2026. Will Miller told analysts that greater chassis demand from distributors could modestly pressure margins as the product mix normalizes.

Cash, Debt Reduction and Shareholder Returns
Miller Industries ended the second quarter with $65.6 million in cash, an increase of $2.6 million from the prior quarter. The company also reduced debt by $20 million since the end of the first quarter.

Management said the balance sheet and cash generation provide flexibility to support investments, strategic opportunities and shareholder returns. The company returned $4.9 million to shareholders during the quarter through dividends and share repurchases, including $2.5 million in stock buybacks. Approximately $11.5 million remained available under its current repurchase authorization.

Will Miller said the company’s capital-allocation priorities include its quarterly dividend, which is currently $0.21 per share, share repurchases, working-capital optimization, selective acquisitions, and continued investment in capacity, automation and innovation. He said Miller Industries has paid dividends for 63 consecutive quarters and expects its cash generation to support these priorities without expanding its credit facility.

Domestic Demand Remains Stable
In the domestic towing market, management said retail demand, order entry and distributor inventory levels remained stable and near historical averages. The company expects retail activity and production volumes to remain broadly consistent with current levels.

Will Miller said customer sentiment remains influenced by consumer confidence, geopolitical developments and fuel prices. “Our production levels, retail activity levels, inventory levels, everything’s really flat right now,” he said, adding that distributors are satisfied with current inventory levels and that excess distributor inventory has largely been worked through.

He said domestic market conditions could improve if geopolitical tensions in the Middle East ease and fuel prices stabilize, but added that the company does not expect a significant improvement before there is more clarity on those issues.

Military Commitments Exceed $200 Million
Miller Industries said its military commitments have surpassed $200 million, with production scheduled to begin in 2027. The company expects the majority of revenue from those commitments to be recognized in 2028 and 2029.

During the call, Will Miller said the increase from more than $150 million in military commitments last quarter included several smaller items and one larger commitment. He said the vast majority involved heavy-duty production, with some industrial car carriers included. He did not disclose the customer or region associated with the larger contract.

The company said it continues to work with domestic and international government agencies on additional opportunities and sees military recovery vehicles as a potential driver of results in future years.

Capacity Expansion and International Operations
International and export backlog levels remained consistent, according to management, while the company’s overseas facilities continued operating at a steady pace. Miller Industries said its Omars acquisition is progressing smoothly and is expected to be accretive in the first year after accounting for transaction expenses.

The company is also pursuing an €8 million expansion at Jigé in France, which remains on track for completion in mid-2027. Separately, Miller Industries expects to begin construction in the fourth quarter of 2026 on a new manufacturing facility in Ooltewah, Tennessee, after wrapping up site preparation during the current month.

The planned facility will exceed 200,000 square feet and is targeted to be production-ready by late 2027. Management said the site will support production of high-volume defense-grade recovery vehicles and global export demand while maintaining service for North American customers. The facility is also expected to incorporate manufacturing technology intended to improve heavy-duty workflows and efficiency.About Miller Industries (NYSE:MLR)Miller Industries, Inc is a leading designer, engineer and manufacturer of towing and recovery vehicles and related equipment. The company's product portfolio includes light-, medium- and heavy-duty tow trucks, integrated carriers, rotators, wreckers, trailers and associated hydraulic and electronic components. These products are marketed under well-known brand names, including Miller, Century, Holmes, Vulcan, Chevron and Jige International, serving a broad spectrum of customers in the towing, recovery, roadside assistance and vehicle transport industries.

Headquartered in Ooltewah, Tennessee, Miller Industries was founded in the early 1990s and has grown into a global supplier of towing and recovery solutions.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Miller Industries Right Now?Before you consider Miller Industries, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miller Industries wasn't on the list.While Miller Industries currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold ForeverWith the proliferation of data centers and electric vehicles, the electric grid will only get more strained. Download this report to learn how energy stocks can play a role in your portfolio as the global demand for energy continues to grow.Get This Free Report

Miller Industries ended the second quarter with $65.6 million in cash, an increase of $2.6 million from the prior quarter. The company also reduced debt by $20 million since the end of the first quarter.


Management said the balance sheet and cash generation provide flexibility to support investments, strategic opportunities and shareholder returns. The company returned $4.9 million to shareholders during the quarter through dividends and share repurchases, including $2.5 million in stock buybacks. Approximately $11.5 million remained available under its current repurchase authorization.


Will Miller said the company’s capital-allocation priorities include its quarterly dividend, which is currently $0.21 per share, share repurchases, working-capital optimization, selective acquisitions, and continued investment in capacity, automation and innovation. He said Miller Industries has paid dividends for 63 consecutive quarters and expects its cash generation to support these priorities without expanding its credit facility.

Domestic Demand Remains Stable
In the domestic towing market, management said retail demand, order entry and distributor inventory levels remained stable and near historical averages. The company expects retail activity and production volumes to remain broadly consistent with current levels.

Will Miller said customer sentiment remains influenced by consumer confidence, geopolitical developments and fuel prices. “Our production levels, retail activity levels, inventory levels, everything’s really flat right now,” he said, adding that distributors are satisfied with current inventory levels and that excess distributor inventory has largely been worked through.

He said domestic market conditions could improve if geopolitical tensions in the Middle East ease and fuel prices stabilize, but added that the company does not expect a significant improvement before there is more clarity on those issues.

Military Commitments Exceed $200 Million
Miller Industries said its military commitments have surpassed $200 million, with production scheduled to begin in 2027. The company expects the majority of revenue from those commitments to be recognized in 2028 and 2029.

During the call, Will Miller said the increase from more than $150 million in military commitments last quarter included several smaller items and one larger commitment. He said the vast majority involved heavy-duty production, with some industrial car carriers included. He did not disclose the customer or region associated with the larger contract.

The company said it continues to work with domestic and international government agencies on additional opportunities and sees military recovery vehicles as a potential driver of results in future years.

Capacity Expansion and International Operations
International and export backlog levels remained consistent, according to management, while the company’s overseas facilities continued operating at a steady pace. Miller Industries said its Omars acquisition is progressing smoothly and is expected to be accretive in the first year after accounting for transaction expenses.

The company is also pursuing an €8 million expansion at Jigé in France, which remains on track for completion in mid-2027. Separately, Miller Industries expects to begin construction in the fourth quarter of 2026 on a new manufacturing facility in Ooltewah, Tennessee, after wrapping up site preparation during the current month.

The planned facility will exceed 200,000 square feet and is targeted to be production-ready by late 2027. Management said the site will support production of high-volume defense-grade recovery vehicles and global export demand while maintaining service for North American customers. The facility is also expected to incorporate manufacturing technology intended to improve heavy-duty workflows and efficiency.About Miller Industries (NYSE:MLR)Miller Industries, Inc is a leading designer, engineer and manufacturer of towing and recovery vehicles and related equipment. The company's product portfolio includes light-, medium- and heavy-duty tow trucks, integrated carriers, rotators, wreckers, trailers and associated hydraulic and electronic components. These products are marketed under well-known brand names, including Miller, Century, Holmes, Vulcan, Chevron and Jige International, serving a broad spectrum of customers in the towing, recovery, roadside assistance and vehicle transport industries.

Headquartered in Ooltewah, Tennessee, Miller Industries was founded in the early 1990s and has grown into a global supplier of towing and recovery solutions.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Miller Industries Right Now?Before you consider Miller Industries, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miller Industries wasn't on the list.While Miller Industries currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold ForeverWith the proliferation of data centers and electric vehicles, the electric grid will only get more strained. Download this report to learn how energy stocks can play a role in your portfolio as the global demand for energy continues to grow.Get This Free Report

In the domestic towing market, management said retail demand, order entry and distributor inventory levels remained stable and near historical averages. The company expects retail activity and production volumes to remain broadly consistent with current levels.


Will Miller said customer sentiment remains influenced by consumer confidence, geopolitical developments and fuel prices. “Our production levels, retail activity levels, inventory levels, everything’s really flat right now,” he said, adding that distributors are satisfied with current inventory levels and that excess distributor inventory has largely been worked through.


He said domestic market conditions could improve if geopolitical tensions in the Middle East ease and fuel prices stabilize, but added that the company does not expect a significant improvement before there is more clarity on those issues.

Military Commitments Exceed $200 Million
Miller Industries said its military commitments have surpassed $200 million, with production scheduled to begin in 2027. The company expects the majority of revenue from those commitments to be recognized in 2028 and 2029.

During the call, Will Miller said the increase from more than $150 million in military commitments last quarter included several smaller items and one larger commitment. He said the vast majority involved heavy-duty production, with some industrial car carriers included. He did not disclose the customer or region associated with the larger contract.

The company said it continues to work with domestic and international government agencies on additional opportunities and sees military recovery vehicles as a potential driver of results in future years.

Capacity Expansion and International Operations
International and export backlog levels remained consistent, according to management, while the company’s overseas facilities continued operating at a steady pace. Miller Industries said its Omars acquisition is progressing smoothly and is expected to be accretive in the first year after accounting for transaction expenses.

The company is also pursuing an €8 million expansion at Jigé in France, which remains on track for completion in mid-2027. Separately, Miller Industries expects to begin construction in the fourth quarter of 2026 on a new manufacturing facility in Ooltewah, Tennessee, after wrapping up site preparation during the current month.

The planned facility will exceed 200,000 square feet and is targeted to be production-ready by late 2027. Management said the site will support production of high-volume defense-grade recovery vehicles and global export demand while maintaining service for North American customers. The facility is also expected to incorporate manufacturing technology intended to improve heavy-duty workflows and efficiency.About Miller Industries (NYSE:MLR)Miller Industries, Inc is a leading designer, engineer and manufacturer of towing and recovery vehicles and related equipment. The company's product portfolio includes light-, medium- and heavy-duty tow trucks, integrated carriers, rotators, wreckers, trailers and associated hydraulic and electronic components. These products are marketed under well-known brand names, including Miller, Century, Holmes, Vulcan, Chevron and Jige International, serving a broad spectrum of customers in the towing, recovery, roadside assistance and vehicle transport industries.

Headquartered in Ooltewah, Tennessee, Miller Industries was founded in the early 1990s and has grown into a global supplier of towing and recovery solutions.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Miller Industries Right Now?Before you consider Miller Industries, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miller Industries wasn't on the list.While Miller Industries currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold ForeverWith the proliferation of data centers and electric vehicles, the electric grid will only get more strained. Download this report to learn how energy stocks can play a role in your portfolio as the global demand for energy continues to grow.Get This Free Report

Miller Industries said its military commitments have surpassed $200 million, with production scheduled to begin in 2027. The company expects the majority of revenue from those commitments to be recognized in 2028 and 2029.


During the call, Will Miller said the increase from more than $150 million in military commitments last quarter included several smaller items and one larger commitment. He said the vast majority involved heavy-duty production, with some industrial car carriers included. He did not disclose the customer or region associated with the larger contract.


The company said it continues to work with domestic and international government agencies on additional opportunities and sees military recovery vehicles as a potential driver of results in future years.

Capacity Expansion and International Operations
International and export backlog levels remained consistent, according to management, while the company’s overseas facilities continued operating at a steady pace. Miller Industries said its Omars acquisition is progressing smoothly and is expected to be accretive in the first year after accounting for transaction expenses.

The company is also pursuing an €8 million expansion at Jigé in France, which remains on track for completion in mid-2027. Separately, Miller Industries expects to begin construction in the fourth quarter of 2026 on a new manufacturing facility in Ooltewah, Tennessee, after wrapping up site preparation during the current month.

The planned facility will exceed 200,000 square feet and is targeted to be production-ready by late 2027. Management said the site will support production of high-volume defense-grade recovery vehicles and global export demand while maintaining service for North American customers. The facility is also expected to incorporate manufacturing technology intended to improve heavy-duty workflows and efficiency.About Miller Industries (NYSE:MLR)Miller Industries, Inc is a leading designer, engineer and manufacturer of towing and recovery vehicles and related equipment. The company's product portfolio includes light-, medium- and heavy-duty tow trucks, integrated carriers, rotators, wreckers, trailers and associated hydraulic and electronic components. These products are marketed under well-known brand names, including Miller, Century, Holmes, Vulcan, Chevron and Jige International, serving a broad spectrum of customers in the towing, recovery, roadside assistance and vehicle transport industries.

Headquartered in Ooltewah, Tennessee, Miller Industries was founded in the early 1990s and has grown into a global supplier of towing and recovery solutions.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Miller Industries Right Now?Before you consider Miller Industries, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miller Industries wasn't on the list.While Miller Industries currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold ForeverWith the proliferation of data centers and electric vehicles, the electric grid will only get more strained. Download this report to learn how energy stocks can play a role in your portfolio as the global demand for energy continues to grow.Get This Free Report

International and export backlog levels remained consistent, according to management, while the company’s overseas facilities continued operating at a steady pace. Miller Industries said its Omars acquisition is progressing smoothly and is expected to be accretive in the first year after accounting for transaction expenses.


The company is also pursuing an €8 million expansion at Jigé in France, which remains on track for completion in mid-2027. Separately, Miller Industries expects to begin construction in the fourth quarter of 2026 on a new manufacturing facility in Ooltewah, Tennessee, after wrapping up site preparation during the current month.


The planned facility will exceed 200,000 square feet and is targeted to be production-ready by late 2027. Management said the site will support production of high-volume defense-grade recovery vehicles and global export demand while maintaining service for North American customers. The facility is also expected to incorporate manufacturing technology intended to improve heavy-duty workflows and efficiency.About Miller Industries (NYSE:MLR)Miller Industries, Inc is a leading designer, engineer and manufacturer of towing and recovery vehicles and related equipment. The company's product portfolio includes light-, medium- and heavy-duty tow trucks, integrated carriers, rotators, wreckers, trailers and associated hydraulic and electronic components. These products are marketed under well-known brand names, including Miller, Century, Holmes, Vulcan, Chevron and Jige International, serving a broad spectrum of customers in the towing, recovery, roadside assistance and vehicle transport industries.

Headquartered in Ooltewah, Tennessee, Miller Industries was founded in the early 1990s and has grown into a global supplier of towing and recovery solutions.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Miller Industries Right Now?Before you consider Miller Industries, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miller Industries wasn't on the list.While Miller Industries currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold ForeverWith the proliferation of data centers and electric vehicles, the electric grid will only get more strained. Download this report to learn how energy stocks can play a role in your portfolio as the global demand for energy continues to grow.Get This Free Report

Miller Industries, Inc is a leading designer, engineer and manufacturer of towing and recovery vehicles and related equipment. The company's product portfolio includes light-, medium- and heavy-duty tow trucks, integrated carriers, rotators, wreckers, trailers and associated hydraulic and electronic components. These products are marketed under well-known brand names, including Miller, Century, Holmes, Vulcan, Chevron and Jige International, serving a broad spectrum of customers in the towing, recovery, roadside assistance and vehicle transport industries.


Headquartered in Ooltewah, Tennessee, Miller Industries was founded in the early 1990s and has grown into a global supplier of towing and recovery solutions.
This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.
Before you consider Miller Industries, you'll want to hear this.
MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Miller Industries wasn't on the list.
While Miller Industries currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.
View The Five Stocks Here 
With the proliferation of data centers and electric vehicles, the electric grid will only get more strained. Download this report to learn how energy stocks can play a role in your portfolio as the global demand for energy continues to grow.
Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools and reports.
Featured By

                                        345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103
                                        
                                        contact@marketbeat.com
                                        
                                        (844) 978-6257
                                    
© MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved.

                                © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided by Massive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see Barchart's disclaimer. 

My Account - 
"
87,2026-08-08,"Orion NYSE: OEC reported second-quarter adjusted EBITDA of $58 million, up 26% sequentially but down 15% from a year earlier, as strong Specialty segment results were partly offset by lower Rubber segment contractual pricing. The company reaffirmed its full-year 2026 adjusted EBITDA guidance of $170 million to $210 million and raised its free-cash-flow outlook, now expecting slightly positive free cash flow at the midpoint of its range.


Chief Executive Officer Corning Painter said the company executed well during an “extraordinary time,” citing demand strength in Specialty products, targeted pricing actions, improved plant reliability and working-capital initiatives. Orion generated $2 million in free cash flow in the second quarter, supported by $27 million of operating cash flow and lower capital expenditures.

Get Orion alerts:Sign UpSpecialty Segment Delivers Highest EBITDA in Four Years
MarketBeat Week in Review – 2/27 - 3/3Specialty adjusted EBITDA reached $39 million in the second quarter, rising 96% year over year and representing the segment’s strongest quarterly performance since early 2022. Chief Financial Officer Jon Puckett said the increase reflected a 5% rise in Specialty volumes, proactive pricing actions and favorable product mix.

Specialty volume growth included nearly 10% growth in both Europe, the Middle East and Africa and the Americas. Demand was broad-based across end markets, with mid-single-digit growth in engineered plastics and double-digit gains in coatings, wire and cable, packaging and battery-related products, according to Puckett.

This Small Company Is Set To Drive Future Of Lithium BatteriesThe company said coatings demand was notable despite softness in global automotive original-equipment build rates. Orion cited growth in marine, protective and industrial coating applications. Wire-and-cable sales also increased at a double-digit rate, aided by newer conductive grades and energy and infrastructure market demand.

Painter said the company’s pricing actions helped protect Specialty profitability amid volatile oil-derived feedstock costs. However, he cautioned that Specialty typically experiences some seasonal weakness in the third quarter, particularly because Europe is an important market and holiday periods affect demand. He also said that some benefits from pricing timing in the second quarter may not continue into the third quarter.

Rubber Results Reflect Contract Pricing, Inventory Actions
Rubber segment adjusted EBITDA was $19 million, down 61% from the prior-year quarter and flat sequentially. Puckett attributed the year-over-year decline primarily to lower 2026 contractual price agreements, as well as unfavorable customer mix and absorption effects from deliberate inventory reductions.

While tire production rates remain below historical norms in Orion’s key regions, the company said tire sell-through has exceeded build rates and tire imports have been declining. Painter said the North American carbon black spot market was strong during the quarter, with demand exceeding Orion’s ability to accept incremental orders in some cases.

“It is not our intent to hold capacity to back up competitors,” Painter said, referencing the company’s closure of several reactor lines last year.

Management pointed to trade and regulatory developments as potentially favorable for local tire manufacturing. The European Commission finalized anti-dumping duties ranging from 24% to 45% on Chinese tire exports, excluding one exporter. Orion said Chinese tire imports into the European Union had dropped 75% from their earlier peak when the duties were initially expected. U.S. tire imports also declined year over year in each of the past four months, according to Painter.

The company also cited announced investments by at least three global tire manufacturers in North American production facilities. Painter said plant closures should be viewed alongside manufacturers’ efforts to modernize and expand their most competitive operations.

Working Capital Progress Supports Cash Flow Outlook
Orion said working capital provided $4 million of cash in the second quarter despite average oil-derived feedstock costs rising about 29% from the first quarter. Puckett said that, without mitigation, the increase in average feedstock costs would have represented an approximately $60 million working-capital headwind.

Inventory reductions and improved vendor payment terms more than offset that impact, management said. Capital expenditures declined $11 million sequentially to $25 million, helping produce the quarter’s positive free cash flow.

At quarter-end, Orion had net debt of $961 million, modestly below the first-quarter level. Its net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio was 4.4 times, and liquidity totaled $178 million.

Painter said Orion remains on track to achieve $20 million in annualized gross benefits from cost measures spanning headcount, procurement and efficiency programs. The company is also targeting a third consecutive year of improved plant reliability, supported by operational-excellence efforts and maintenance capital spending focused on high-impact projects.

Guidance Retained Amid Limited Visibility
Orion’s full-year outlook assumes crude oil prices average $80 per barrel during the second half of 2026. The company said its revised free-cash-flow outlook represents a $43 million full-year improvement, driven largely by working-capital actions that reduced the effects of higher feedstock costs.

Management said its current guidance includes its best estimate for the timing of European emissions-credit developments, which Painter said are now expected to emerge in the third quarter.

Painter said the company has limited visibility into second-half customer orders but believes its local-for-local production model, supply-chain flexibility and customer focus position it to navigate continued macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty.About Orion (NYSE:OEC)Orion Engineered Carbons SA, operating as Orion NYSE: OEC, is a global producer of carbon black, a critical performance additive used to enhance the strength, durability and conductivity of various materials. The company’s products chiefly serve the tire and rubber industry, where carbon black imparts wear resistance and longevity, as well as the plastics, coatings, inks and battery components markets, where specialty grades deliver tailored conductivity and color properties.
Orion’s product portfolio is organized into two core segments: Rubber and Specialty and Chemical Specialties.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Orion Right Now?Before you consider Orion, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Orion wasn't on the list.While Orion currently has a Strong Sell rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here The 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026Discover the 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026 and secure reliable income in uncertain markets. Download the report now to identify top dividend payers and avoid common yield traps.Get This Free Report

Specialty adjusted EBITDA reached $39 million in the second quarter, rising 96% year over year and representing the segment’s strongest quarterly performance since early 2022. Chief Financial Officer Jon Puckett said the increase reflected a 5% rise in Specialty volumes, proactive pricing actions and favorable product mix.


Specialty volume growth included nearly 10% growth in both Europe, the Middle East and Africa and the Americas. Demand was broad-based across end markets, with mid-single-digit growth in engineered plastics and double-digit gains in coatings, wire and cable, packaging and battery-related products, according to Puckett.


The company said coatings demand was notable despite softness in global automotive original-equipment build rates. Orion cited growth in marine, protective and industrial coating applications. Wire-and-cable sales also increased at a double-digit rate, aided by newer conductive grades and energy and infrastructure market demand.


Painter said the company’s pricing actions helped protect Specialty profitability amid volatile oil-derived feedstock costs. However, he cautioned that Specialty typically experiences some seasonal weakness in the third quarter, particularly because Europe is an important market and holiday periods affect demand. He also said that some benefits from pricing timing in the second quarter may not continue into the third quarter.

Rubber Results Reflect Contract Pricing, Inventory Actions
Rubber segment adjusted EBITDA was $19 million, down 61% from the prior-year quarter and flat sequentially. Puckett attributed the year-over-year decline primarily to lower 2026 contractual price agreements, as well as unfavorable customer mix and absorption effects from deliberate inventory reductions.

While tire production rates remain below historical norms in Orion’s key regions, the company said tire sell-through has exceeded build rates and tire imports have been declining. Painter said the North American carbon black spot market was strong during the quarter, with demand exceeding Orion’s ability to accept incremental orders in some cases.

“It is not our intent to hold capacity to back up competitors,” Painter said, referencing the company’s closure of several reactor lines last year.

Management pointed to trade and regulatory developments as potentially favorable for local tire manufacturing. The European Commission finalized anti-dumping duties ranging from 24% to 45% on Chinese tire exports, excluding one exporter. Orion said Chinese tire imports into the European Union had dropped 75% from their earlier peak when the duties were initially expected. U.S. tire imports also declined year over year in each of the past four months, according to Painter.

The company also cited announced investments by at least three global tire manufacturers in North American production facilities. Painter said plant closures should be viewed alongside manufacturers’ efforts to modernize and expand their most competitive operations.

Working Capital Progress Supports Cash Flow Outlook
Orion said working capital provided $4 million of cash in the second quarter despite average oil-derived feedstock costs rising about 29% from the first quarter. Puckett said that, without mitigation, the increase in average feedstock costs would have represented an approximately $60 million working-capital headwind.

Inventory reductions and improved vendor payment terms more than offset that impact, management said. Capital expenditures declined $11 million sequentially to $25 million, helping produce the quarter’s positive free cash flow.

At quarter-end, Orion had net debt of $961 million, modestly below the first-quarter level. Its net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio was 4.4 times, and liquidity totaled $178 million.

Painter said Orion remains on track to achieve $20 million in annualized gross benefits from cost measures spanning headcount, procurement and efficiency programs. The company is also targeting a third consecutive year of improved plant reliability, supported by operational-excellence efforts and maintenance capital spending focused on high-impact projects.

Guidance Retained Amid Limited Visibility
Orion’s full-year outlook assumes crude oil prices average $80 per barrel during the second half of 2026. The company said its revised free-cash-flow outlook represents a $43 million full-year improvement, driven largely by working-capital actions that reduced the effects of higher feedstock costs.

Management said its current guidance includes its best estimate for the timing of European emissions-credit developments, which Painter said are now expected to emerge in the third quarter.

Painter said the company has limited visibility into second-half customer orders but believes its local-for-local production model, supply-chain flexibility and customer focus position it to navigate continued macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty.About Orion (NYSE:OEC)Orion Engineered Carbons SA, operating as Orion NYSE: OEC, is a global producer of carbon black, a critical performance additive used to enhance the strength, durability and conductivity of various materials. The company’s products chiefly serve the tire and rubber industry, where carbon black imparts wear resistance and longevity, as well as the plastics, coatings, inks and battery components markets, where specialty grades deliver tailored conductivity and color properties.
Orion’s product portfolio is organized into two core segments: Rubber and Specialty and Chemical Specialties.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Orion Right Now?Before you consider Orion, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Orion wasn't on the list.While Orion currently has a Strong Sell rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here The 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026Discover the 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026 and secure reliable income in uncertain markets. Download the report now to identify top dividend payers and avoid common yield traps.Get This Free Report

Rubber segment adjusted EBITDA was $19 million, down 61% from the prior-year quarter and flat sequentially. Puckett attributed the year-over-year decline primarily to lower 2026 contractual price agreements, as well as unfavorable customer mix and absorption effects from deliberate inventory reductions.


While tire production rates remain below historical norms in Orion’s key regions, the company said tire sell-through has exceeded build rates and tire imports have been declining. Painter said the North American carbon black spot market was strong during the quarter, with demand exceeding Orion’s ability to accept incremental orders in some cases.


“It is not our intent to hold capacity to back up competitors,” Painter said, referencing the company’s closure of several reactor lines last year.


Management pointed to trade and regulatory developments as potentially favorable for local tire manufacturing. The European Commission finalized anti-dumping duties ranging from 24% to 45% on Chinese tire exports, excluding one exporter. Orion said Chinese tire imports into the European Union had dropped 75% from their earlier peak when the duties were initially expected. U.S. tire imports also declined year over year in each of the past four months, according to Painter.


The company also cited announced investments by at least three global tire manufacturers in North American production facilities. Painter said plant closures should be viewed alongside manufacturers’ efforts to modernize and expand their most competitive operations.

Working Capital Progress Supports Cash Flow Outlook
Orion said working capital provided $4 million of cash in the second quarter despite average oil-derived feedstock costs rising about 29% from the first quarter. Puckett said that, without mitigation, the increase in average feedstock costs would have represented an approximately $60 million working-capital headwind.

Inventory reductions and improved vendor payment terms more than offset that impact, management said. Capital expenditures declined $11 million sequentially to $25 million, helping produce the quarter’s positive free cash flow.

At quarter-end, Orion had net debt of $961 million, modestly below the first-quarter level. Its net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio was 4.4 times, and liquidity totaled $178 million.

Painter said Orion remains on track to achieve $20 million in annualized gross benefits from cost measures spanning headcount, procurement and efficiency programs. The company is also targeting a third consecutive year of improved plant reliability, supported by operational-excellence efforts and maintenance capital spending focused on high-impact projects.

Guidance Retained Amid Limited Visibility
Orion’s full-year outlook assumes crude oil prices average $80 per barrel during the second half of 2026. The company said its revised free-cash-flow outlook represents a $43 million full-year improvement, driven largely by working-capital actions that reduced the effects of higher feedstock costs.

Management said its current guidance includes its best estimate for the timing of European emissions-credit developments, which Painter said are now expected to emerge in the third quarter.

Painter said the company has limited visibility into second-half customer orders but believes its local-for-local production model, supply-chain flexibility and customer focus position it to navigate continued macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty.About Orion (NYSE:OEC)Orion Engineered Carbons SA, operating as Orion NYSE: OEC, is a global producer of carbon black, a critical performance additive used to enhance the strength, durability and conductivity of various materials. The company’s products chiefly serve the tire and rubber industry, where carbon black imparts wear resistance and longevity, as well as the plastics, coatings, inks and battery components markets, where specialty grades deliver tailored conductivity and color properties.
Orion’s product portfolio is organized into two core segments: Rubber and Specialty and Chemical Specialties.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Orion Right Now?Before you consider Orion, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Orion wasn't on the list.While Orion currently has a Strong Sell rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here The 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026Discover the 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026 and secure reliable income in uncertain markets. Download the report now to identify top dividend payers and avoid common yield traps.Get This Free Report

Orion said working capital provided $4 million of cash in the second quarter despite average oil-derived feedstock costs rising about 29% from the first quarter. Puckett said that, without mitigation, the increase in average feedstock costs would have represented an approximately $60 million working-capital headwind.


Inventory reductions and improved vendor payment terms more than offset that impact, management said. Capital expenditures declined $11 million sequentially to $25 million, helping produce the quarter’s positive free cash flow.


At quarter-end, Orion had net debt of $961 million, modestly below the first-quarter level. Its net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio was 4.4 times, and liquidity totaled $178 million.


Painter said Orion remains on track to achieve $20 million in annualized gross benefits from cost measures spanning headcount, procurement and efficiency programs. The company is also targeting a third consecutive year of improved plant reliability, supported by operational-excellence efforts and maintenance capital spending focused on high-impact projects.

Guidance Retained Amid Limited Visibility
Orion’s full-year outlook assumes crude oil prices average $80 per barrel during the second half of 2026. The company said its revised free-cash-flow outlook represents a $43 million full-year improvement, driven largely by working-capital actions that reduced the effects of higher feedstock costs.

Management said its current guidance includes its best estimate for the timing of European emissions-credit developments, which Painter said are now expected to emerge in the third quarter.

Painter said the company has limited visibility into second-half customer orders but believes its local-for-local production model, supply-chain flexibility and customer focus position it to navigate continued macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty.About Orion (NYSE:OEC)Orion Engineered Carbons SA, operating as Orion NYSE: OEC, is a global producer of carbon black, a critical performance additive used to enhance the strength, durability and conductivity of various materials. The company’s products chiefly serve the tire and rubber industry, where carbon black imparts wear resistance and longevity, as well as the plastics, coatings, inks and battery components markets, where specialty grades deliver tailored conductivity and color properties.
Orion’s product portfolio is organized into two core segments: Rubber and Specialty and Chemical Specialties.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Orion Right Now?Before you consider Orion, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Orion wasn't on the list.While Orion currently has a Strong Sell rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here The 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026Discover the 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026 and secure reliable income in uncertain markets. Download the report now to identify top dividend payers and avoid common yield traps.Get This Free Report

Orion’s full-year outlook assumes crude oil prices average $80 per barrel during the second half of 2026. The company said its revised free-cash-flow outlook represents a $43 million full-year improvement, driven largely by working-capital actions that reduced the effects of higher feedstock costs.


Management said its current guidance includes its best estimate for the timing of European emissions-credit developments, which Painter said are now expected to emerge in the third quarter.


Painter said the company has limited visibility into second-half customer orders but believes its local-for-local production model, supply-chain flexibility and customer focus position it to navigate continued macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty.About Orion (NYSE:OEC)Orion Engineered Carbons SA, operating as Orion NYSE: OEC, is a global producer of carbon black, a critical performance additive used to enhance the strength, durability and conductivity of various materials. The company’s products chiefly serve the tire and rubber industry, where carbon black imparts wear resistance and longevity, as well as the plastics, coatings, inks and battery components markets, where specialty grades deliver tailored conductivity and color properties.
Orion’s product portfolio is organized into two core segments: Rubber and Specialty and Chemical Specialties.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Orion Right Now?Before you consider Orion, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Orion wasn't on the list.While Orion currently has a Strong Sell rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here The 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026Discover the 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026 and secure reliable income in uncertain markets. Download the report now to identify top dividend payers and avoid common yield traps.Get This Free Report

Orion Engineered Carbons SA, operating as Orion NYSE: OEC, is a global producer of carbon black, a critical performance additive used to enhance the strength, durability and conductivity of various materials. The company’s products chiefly serve the tire and rubber industry, where carbon black imparts wear resistance and longevity, as well as the plastics, coatings, inks and battery components markets, where specialty grades deliver tailored conductivity and color properties.

Orion’s product portfolio is organized into two core segments: Rubber and Specialty and Chemical Specialties.
This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.
Before you consider Orion, you'll want to hear this.
MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Orion wasn't on the list.
While Orion currently has a Strong Sell rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.
View The Five Stocks Here 
Discover the 10 Best High-Yield Dividend Stocks for 2026 and secure reliable income in uncertain markets. Download the report now to identify top dividend payers and avoid common yield traps.
Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools and reports.
Featured By

                                        345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103
                                        
                                        contact@marketbeat.com
                                        
                                        (844) 978-6257
                                    
© MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved.

                                © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided by Massive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see Barchart's disclaimer. 

My Account - 
"
88,2026-08-08,"
Sign up with your email below to instantly access member features, newsletters and exclusive Insider perks


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest in phones
News, deals, reviews, guides and more…
Latest in computing
News, deals, reviews, guides and more on the newest computing gadgets

Start exploring exclusive deals, expert advice and more


Member Rewards


Unlock and manage exclusive Techradar member rewards.

Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
It may be wise to get in ahead of a potential graphics card rush

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

It appears that the RAM crisis is getting worse than ever as we head further into 2026. I've been closely watching and reporting on memory price hikes — which were soon followed by other PC component cost increases — since this crisis first began, and the worrying thing is, I can't recall a gloomier stream of negative news than I've witnessed over the past few weeks.
That includes Samsung recently declaring that the RAM crisis is going to become more severe in 2027, and rumors that even mighty Apple is floundering in its attempt to secure new RAM supplies from China (as other notebook makers consider this alternative route to the three main memory chip giants: Micron, Samsung and SK Hynix).
Previous to that, we saw laptop maker Framework break news of a truly eye-opening cost increase for mobile RAM, just as one gauge of DDR5 pricing saw it jump in price to a new all-time high (after plateauing earlier this year). On top of that, the boss of SK Hynix voiced the opinion that 2027 will be the worst year in the RAM industry's history, and that the crisis is likely to be drawn out to the next decade.
This isn't just about RAM, of course, but other components, including CPU price rises, and devices themselves — PCs and laptops (and phones). But most notably over the past month it's been graphics cards in the crisis limelight. We've witnessed the resurrection of old GPUs to try to bolster stock levels of more affordable cards, and more recently we've been subjected to what seems like an endless parade of negativity about imminent price hikes.
Apparently, Gigabyte is set to increase the price tags of its graphics card to the tune of 20% to 40% in Japan, and MSI is going to jack up prices of Nvidia GPUs in China by 20% or more. Asus is supposedly preparing a similar 20% hike (as Wccftech reported).
Another recent gloom nugget is the assertion that Nvidia RTX 5000 models will get hikes of 30% in South Korea this month, and all of this pain is mainly rooted in the increased price of video RAM, of course. (Those cost increases are the reason the RTX 5000 Super refreshes have been delayed, according to the grapevine, as those rumored cards are packed with VRAM).
While a good deal of this is individual pieces of regional activity with GPU pricing, it's obvious that these hikes are happening as part of a concerted shift, one that will surely be reflected globally — it's not like Asian markets are in a bubble of their own.
Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
The overarching theme is a worsening of price hike misery, and that the pricing storm is likely to intensify this year, and probably in 2027, too. While previously the RAM crisis has been more of a light-and-shade affair, now it feels like the depression has been turned up a notch. Whereas before, there was certainly more darkness than light, we've had notable spots of relief where an exec in the memory industry stepped forward and theorized that maybe things aren't as bad as we think. But lately those embers of optimism appear to have burned out.
To me, it feels like there's a shift underway towards a full acknowledgement that we really are going to experience a lot more pricing pain in the foreseeable future. If it's so bad that even Apple is purportedly scrambling to secure RAM supplies, and is having trouble doing so, I think it's time to turn up the worry meter by a notch or two.
 



Here's my advice on the current landscape with PC components and hardware (season it appropriately). Obviously, worrying isn't going to help you, but awareness of what might be sensible upgrades or purchases to make now will, based on the likelihood of hikes (we could call it the 'hike-lihood' – or maybe not). Nothing is certain about the future of components, of course, but it does feel like there's a clear area in which the potential price hikes are a bigger threat: GPUs.
As I discussed above, there's a lot of recent evidence that graphics card pricing is going up. Yes, it's a collection of rumors in the main, but there's a lot of it all pointing in a very similar direction — and a video RAM toll was always going to be exacted in the end. We've seen it already with higher-end graphics cards, and now I believe we're going to see it in the mid-range, and even budget models. Indeed, top-end GPUs are likely to get even more expensive as well.
If you're thinking about a GPU upgrade for this year or next, given all this, I think now really is the time to buy — especially with a lower-tier model, as you can still get more affordable graphics cards at their MSRP. Ditto for mid-rangers, although it's tougher to recommend higher-end Nvidia boards when they are already so expensive.
As noted, though, that could get worse. And granted, you may still want to wait for Black Friday — it's not that far off, and there might be some GPU deals then. However, I wouldn't bank on anything hugely compelling (or discounts that aren't offset by the price rises which are predicted to take hold in the next few months).
So, if there's one PC component that I think you should buy now, it's a graphics card. I think the signs are pretty clear on that (and see here for my recommendations on different models to consider). By extension, higher-end gaming laptops could also be a wise move for purchasing sooner rather than later. That's for the same reason, really — they have beefy (mobile) GPUs (with plenty of VRAM in some cases).
I don't think it's a bad move to buy any laptop, by the way, gaming or not (away from the higher-end), come your earliest window of opportunity. I think we'll see further price rises here, too, and RAM is going to cause more upward pricing pressures for notebooks — just look at Framework's recent revelation as mentioned.
 



What about RAM and SSDs themselves? While system memory kits and storage have already seen huge price rises, it now looks like there's worse to come (somehow).
On the other hand, there's a ceiling as to how expensive this stuff can get before buyers withdraw from what they see as an increasingly unrealistic and out-of-touch market. This is a much more difficult call to make, but if you can find something that looks relatively reasonably priced, I don't think you'll regret the purchase in the next couple of years. But that said, I can't recommend a RAM upgrade in particular at current pricing levels, unless it's unavoidable, frankly.
Above all, though, consider a GPU upgrade if you're in the market for a new card, or you think you'll need one in the next couple of years (yes, I think it's wise to be looking quite far down the road here).
The other thing to bear in mind is that there's a danger there will be a rush for GPUs, a flurry of buying that puts further strain on supply and therefore prices. As VideoCardz reports, one Japanese retailer has warned of Nvidia RTX 5000 graphics card sales increasing ""sharply"", even just with the news of rumored price increases — let alone the confirmation. Prices are already rising and restocks of the RTX 5070 Ti and RTX 5080 are already being labelled as ""unstable"", hinting that inventory could start to dry up quickly.
That's just one report, of course, and it pertains to the high-end of the market, so it's not something to start panicking about yet. But it does make some sense that if pricing begins to creep up, more PC owners may start to act on GPU upgrades. I wouldn't blame them, frankly.
➡️ Read our full guide to the best laptops1. Best overall: Apple MacBook Air 13-inch M42. Best budget: Asus Chromebook CM143. Best Windows 11 laptopMicrosoft Surface Laptop 13-inch4. Best gaming:Razer Blade 165. Best for prosMacBook Pro 16-inch (M4 Pro)
Follow TechRadar on Google News and add us as a preferred source to get our expert news, reviews, and opinion in your feeds. Make sure to click the Follow button!
And of course, you can also follow TechRadar on YouTube and TikTok for news, reviews, unboxings in video form, and get regular updates from us on WhatsApp too.
Darren is a freelancer writing news and features for TechRadar (and occasionally T3) across a broad range of computing topics including CPUs, GPUs, various other hardware, VPNs, antivirus and more. He has written about tech for the best part of three decades, and writes books in his spare time (his debut novel - 'I Know What You Did Last Supper' - was published by Hachette UK in 2013).
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

TechRadar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
89,2026-08-08,"Investing

							eBay dropped 4% last month after Q3 EPS guidance missed Q2's $1.60 mark, prompting Wells Fargo to slash its target to $92 on Depop drag.													

							BMO's Brian Pitz set a Street-high $145 target on EBAY, pointing to Focus Categories driving over 40% of GMV and AI seller tools lifting margins.													

							ETSY now trades above its own consensus price target, while AMZN's 19% implied upside still trails BMO's lone 32% bull call on eBay.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and eBay didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© JHVEPhoto / iStock Editorial via Getty Images
Shares of eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY | EBAY Price Prediction) currently trade at $110.14, while BMO Capital Markets carries a Street-high price target of $145. That gap implies roughly 32% upside if the bull case plays out.
eBay runs one of the largest online marketplaces in the world, with brands including eBay, Depop, Goldin, and Tise. Wall Street has circled the name as the marketplace executes a turnaround focused on collectibles, refurbished electronics, luxury, and auto parts. The latest quarter showed GMV of $22.4 billion and revenue growth of 14.8% year over year.
The dislocation matters because the average Wall Street target of $110.29 sits essentially at the current quote. BMO stands alone as the outlier bull, and shares have slipped even as fundamentals accelerated.
Guidance did the damage. eBay guided Q3 adjusted EPS to $1.36 to $1.42, down sequentially from the $1.60 delivered in Q2. Traders read that as management flagging pressure from the Depop acquisition, including integration costs and higher marketing spend for the Gen Z fashion resale platform.
Wells Fargo downgraded eBay to Underweight and cut its target to $92 from $105, citing concerns that Depop could weigh on fiscal 2027 earnings. Shares fell 3.98% over the past month, underperforming the broader market.
The reaction was mild by eBay standards. Shares still sit within reach of the 52-week high of $118.98, suggesting a post-guidance wobble.
BMO’s Brian Pitz raised his target to $145 from $130 after Q2. His thesis rests on three pillars: Focus Categories now account for over 40% of total GMV and are accelerating; recommerce and live-commerce integrations drive deeper engagement with high-value enthusiast buyers; and generative AI merchant tools pull operating leverage through faster listings, image enhancement, and sharper ad targeting.
The rest of the Street is far less constructive. Consensus ratings currently sit at:
Analyst posture leans cautious. Recent revisions have been mixed: BMO raised, Wells Fargo cut, and Citigroup carries a $127 Buy from earlier in the year. The median view essentially matches the current price. BMO provides the optionality.
The peer group has diverged. eBay is the laggard while other marketplaces have rallied or held ground.
Etsy (NASDAQ:ETSY) trades at $82.26 against a consensus target of $77.38, implying roughly 6% downside. Ratings skew Hold at 3 Strong Buy, 6 Buy, 19 Hold, and 1 Sell, and revisions turned defensive after the company announced a 12% workforce cut. Etsy has gained 48.38% year to date, but Wall Street sees no room left.
Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) trades near $272.26 with an average target of $323.29, or about 19% upside. Ratings tilt overwhelmingly bullish at 16 Strong Buy, 43 Buy, and 3 Hold, and recent revisions skewed higher. The implied upside sits well below BMO’s read on eBay.
MercadoLibre (NASDAQ:MELI) sits at $1,830 with a target of $2,214.88, roughly 21% upside. Analysts are bullish at 5 Strong Buy, 15 Buy, and 4 Hold, though the stock has slid 21% over the past year on FX and macro pressure across Latin America.
BMO’s 32% implied upside on eBay is the largest single-analyst call posted on any of these marketplace names. That either reflects a real dislocation or a lonely bet on Depop integration risk.
eBay trades at $110.14 against a consensus target of $110.29, essentially flat, while BMO’s bull call at $145 implies roughly 32% upside. Coverage totals 31 analysts, weighted toward Hold.
Shares are down 3.98% over the past month and 2.98% over the past week. Year to date, eBay is up 27.24%, more than double the S&P 500’s gain.
Valuation looks reasonable. eBay carries a trailing P/E of 26 and a forward multiple of 18, with operating income growing 39.67% year over year and free cash flow up 173.92%. Management returned $310 million in Q2 buybacks with roughly $2.0 billion still authorized.
The bull thesis works if Focus Categories and AI seller tools absorb Depop’s near-term drag. The path to BMO’s $145 runs through continued double-digit GMV growth, expanding ad revenue toward the current $596 million quarterly run rate, and further margin gains from AI listings. Q3 results and Depop cohort retention will test the re-rating case.
The bear thesis holds if Depop becomes a distraction just as management started delivering. Wells Fargo’s $92 target reflects that worry. Rising marketing spend, a lower Q3 EPS bar, insider selling, and cross-border trade policy risk all support a wait-and-see stance.
Consensus sits at the price, so the median view is fair value with option value tied to execution. At a forward P/E near 18, capital return intact, and BMO’s 32% upside if the flywheel keeps turning, the risk/reward tilts modestly in the bulls’ favor.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Alex Sirois is a financial writer with experience spanning both retail and institutional investing. He has written for InvestorPlace and held roles at BNY Mellon and Bernstein, giving him a perspective that bridges Main Street portfolios and Wall Street analysis.
Alex holds an MBA from George Washington University and has built his career across multiple industries, including e-commerce, education, and translation — a breadth of experience that informs how he breaks down complex financial topics for everyday investors. His writing is conversational, actionable, and grounded in long-term, buy-and-hold investing principles.
At 247 Wall St., Alex focuses on delivering analysis that is both accessible and useful, with a clear emphasis on helping readers make more informed decisions with their money.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
An analyst at UBS just nudged Wall Street’s view on a battered e-commerce name. UBS analyst Stephen Ju raised his…
One firm is doubling down on its bull case for the online marketplace. Citi analyst Ronald Josey raised his price…
UBS just nudged its price target on eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY | EBAY Price Prediction) higher, lifting the firm’s target to $110…
Baird just set the highest AMD price target on Wall Street after a brutal July selloff, and a surprise Microsoft…
April 2026 produced a striking four-way split across U.S. e-commerce stocks despite a shared consumer backdrop. Etsy (NASDAQ:ETSY | ETSY…
CoreWeave has lost nearly half its value in a year while one analyst just reaffirmed a price target that implies…
Oracle just shed a third of its value in a month while sitting on a backlog that one top Wall…
ServiceNow has shed nearly half its value in a year while its AI platform racks up billion-dollar milestones, and one…
Tesla has shed 15% in 2026 while the broader market climbs, yet one of Wall Street's most vocal analysts just…"
90,2026-08-08,"Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) delivered the strongest revenue growth in its history on its Aug 3 earnings, surpassing guidance across every key me..."
91,2026-08-08,
92,2026-08-08," -455.59
 -65.35
+ 61.00
+ 3,135.00
+ 5,797.00
 -455.59
 -65.35
 -65.35
+ 61.00
+ 61.00
+ 3,135.00
The outlook for the stock of Adani Energy Solutions (₹1,630.10) remains positive. Immediate support levels are at ₹1,570 and ₹1,435. A close below the latter will change the medium term outlook to negative. 
On the other hand, the stock finds an immediate resistance at ₹1,683. A close above this will reignite fresh rally in the stock. But broadly, we expect the stock to move in a narrow band in the short term.
F&O pointers: The August futures of Adani Energy Solutions closed at ₹1,628.30, which is at a discount to the spot price of ₹1,630.10.
The contract witnessed unwinding of long positions during the last 10 days as the stock fell from ₹1,710 to ₹1,625. Option trading indicates that the stock could move between ₹1,600 and ₹1,700.
Strategy: Consider bull-call spread on the stock by buying 1640-call and simultaneously selling 1660-call. As these options closed with premiums of ₹40.90 and ₹32.70 respectively, the net cost for this strategy would be ₹8.20/lot or ₹5,535.
The maximum loss would be the premium paid, i.e., ₹5,535, and that will happen if Adani Energy Solutions remains below ₹1,640 on expiry. On the other hand, a profit of ₹7,965 is possible, if the stock closes above ₹1,660. 
Follow-up: We advised going long on NTPC. Contrary to our expectations the stock moved with a negative bias. However, we advise traders to hold the position with a mentioned stop loss at ₹341.
Note: The recommendations are based on technical analysis and F&O positions. There is a risk of loss in trading
Published on  August 8, 2026 

					Copyright© 2026, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
				
BACK TO TOP
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by our community guidelines   for posting your comments. 
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of TheHindu Businessline and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.
Terms & conditions  |  Institutional Subscriber"
93,2026-08-08,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
Aug 8, 2026 — 5:00 AM ET
The Google Pixel 11 series is nearly here, and a massive leak just a few days ago pretty much revealed all the important bits we’ve been dying to know. While nothing is official until Google takes the stage on August 12, it seems to align with most of the rumors we’ve been seeing this year.
The Pixel 11 Pro series will once again shine the brightest, quite literally this time, with the new HiLight notification light. But there doesn’t seem to be much in store for the base Pixel 11, which begs the question — should you simply grab the Pixel 10 at a discount today?
I think you should. Here’s why.
The Pixel 11 is expected to start at $899 in the US, $100 more than the Pixel 10’s $799 starting price. To be fair, the $899 is for 256GB of storage, not 128GB, which puts both models on equal footing when you match their storage tiers. For the first time, you’ll also have a choice of 512GB storage for the base Pixel, which is nice.
The Pixel 10 was already quite a big upgrade to the Pixel 9, so I wasn’t expecting anything crazy with the Pixel 11. And, it doesn’t seem like we’re getting much either. There’ll be the new Tensor G6 processor with a heavy focus on on-device AI processing, and I’m curious to see what progress Google has made in power efficiency and performance compared to Qualcomm’s offering.
We’ll be getting new colors for sure, and purple or lilac seems to be one of the hero colors for the Pixel 11, based on recent leaked marketing images. Here, we see the camera bar is thinner, and it has the same all-glass design as the Pro models.
The Pixel 11 is also expected to deliver “more than 30 hours” of battery life, while charging is 25% faster than the Pixel 10, according to leaked images. These hourly runtimes usually should be taken with a grain of salt, though, as they are achieved under controlled testing conditions. Still, this should come as some relief to the respondents of our poll, where a majority want improved battery life in the Pixel 11 series.
One camera improvement we know is coming to the Pixel 11 is zoom, which now goes up to 30x from 20x. Apart from these things, though, the leaks don’t point to any other major changes. The rest of the cameras, display specs, and dimensions seem similar to, or the same as, the Pixel 10.
The Pixel 10 is still a fantastic phone a year later, and will receive six more years of OS and security updates. It was also the first base-model Pixel with a telephoto camera, something I’ve been wanting for years (take a hint, Apple). Although the Pixel 10 camera’s image quality doesn’t always match up to the Pro models, it’s good enough for most scenarios. Google really narrowed the feature gap between the base and Pro Pixels with the Pixel 10, so you’re not really missing much.
The design and build quality of the Pixel 10 are great. It’s quite compact and fairly light, which makes it easy to carry around. Battery life is decent, too, depending on how you use it. The big battery feature in my book is the built-in magnets for Qi2 charging, something that very few Android phones have even today. The Pixel 10 works beautifully with any MagSafe accessory, without needing a special case.
The Pixel 10 is IP68 rated for dust and water resistance. It has a bright and vivid 6.3-inch display with a peak brightness of up to 3,000 nits. Touch response and sunlight legibility have been fantastic so far, so no complaints here.
In terms of performance, the Tensor G5 in the Pixel 10 once again prioritizes AI efficiency over raw performance. Having said that, we’ve noticed that gaming performance has improved with Android 17, even though a few kinks still remain. Sadly, the Tensor G6 in the Pixel 11 is expected to do more of the same, so if you’re expecting Snapdragon Elite-level performance, you’re probably going to be disappointed.
Add it all up, and the Pixel 10 makes a compelling case for itself over the Pixel 11. For anyone who’s still on a Pixel 7/7a or older, upgrading to the Pixel 10 should feel like a big generational leap.
Google hasn’t officially slashed the price of the Pixel 10 yet, but that’s certainly coming once the Pixel 11 is out. In the meantime, you can find good savings from other retailers and e-tailers.
Walmart is selling the 128GB Pixel 10 for just $710 right now, though this price is for the Lemon Grass colorway only. The other colors are retailing at $750, which is still lower than Google’s official price. The Pixel 10 is often discounted on Amazon, so keep an eye out for deals there.
If you’re not happy buying unlocked, your carrier will most certainly have deals running on the Pixel 10. Whether it’s through a trade-in or opting for it on contract outright, you should be able to get the Pixel 10 for a lower monthly installment today. Back in May, T-Mobile was giving away a free Pixel 10 as a loyalty perk to its high-value customers, with some caveats, of course.
MVNOs are also a good place to look for deals. Boost Mobile, for instance, has the Pixel 10 128GB for $300, with no trade-in required. The catch here is that you have to take the $60/ month Unlimited Premium plan. Mint Mobile also offers something similar for the Pixel 10, but it’s currently out of stock. For carrier deals, always read the fine print carefully before committing.
Whatever you do, don’t buy the Pixel 10 at full price right now. If you’re unable to find a good deal and you’re not in a rush to upgrade, waiting a bit wouldn’t hurt. Once the Pixel 11 is officially announced, it’s possible that even more deals will come out of the woodwork. As far as alternatives go, the Pixel 10a is a good budget choice. Samsung’s Galaxy S26 is also often discounted and is now similarly priced to the Pixel 10.
It doesn’t seem like the Pixel 11 will be drastically better than the Pixel 10, so buying the 10 in a deal today makes a lot of sense. You’re in for a fantastic Android phone with years of support left, great cameras, and one of the best software experiences.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
94,2026-08-08,"DSP Mutual Fund’s Preethi R S remains constructive on India’s financial sector, favouring lenders with strong deposit franchises, disciplined underwriting and execution. She sees healthy retail and SME credit demand, early corporate lending recovery and opportunities across banks, NBFCs and non-lending financials amid India’s long-term financialisation.

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Bigger or Better: Tata Power – the hard part is done. Will the paying part start? Part 3
ET Prime special series: Bigger or Better ? FY13 to FY26. Not years, but evidence: Tata Power - Part 1
Did dollar bail out yen or vice-versa?
How Future Consumer insolvency professional selection slipped from SBI’s control
More troubles brewing, is SpiceJet flying too close to the sun?
In a first, Airbus set to source Indian titanium for its planes
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Story Listing
Top Slideshow
Top Prime Articles
Private Companies
Top Definitions
Top Commodities
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime









                             Connect with an ETPrime expert for personalized support and guidance
                            
What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
95,2026-08-08,"Owens Corning NYSE: OC reported second-quarter 2026 revenue of $2.8 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $660 million, producing a 24% adjusted EBITDA margin as the building-products manufacturer cited commercial and operational initiatives that helped offset uneven construction and remodeling conditions.


Adjusted earnings per diluted share were $3.93. Revenue was relatively flat from the prior-year period, while free cash flow rose to $199 million from $129 million a year earlier. The company said it returned $264 million to shareholders during the quarter through $200 million of share repurchases and $64 million in dividends, bringing first-half capital returns to $327 million.


“Our team delivered outstanding results in the second quarter, demonstrating the strength of the company we have built and our ability to execute at a high level in any market condition,” Chair and CEO Brian Chambers said.

Costs, capital spending and leadership changes
Chief Financial and Operating Officer Todd Fister said second-quarter EBITDA included a $25 million benefit from tariff refunds, with about half of the refund affecting the doors business and the rest spread across the enterprise. The refunds partially offset $30 million in net cost inflation related to the Iran conflict, he said.

Owens-Corning Stock: Good Value or Recession Red Flag?Owens Corning expects the net cost impact related to Iran to be about $40 million in the third quarter as inflation moves through inventory, with roofing expected to be the most affected segment. Fister said the company has more than $20 million in potential additional tariff refunds pending, though the timing is uncertain and the potential refunds were not included in the company’s third-quarter outlook.

The company ended the quarter with $1.8 billion of liquidity, including $271 million in cash and $1.5 billion available under bank debt facilities. Its debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.4 times, near the middle of its targeted range of two to three times. Owens Corning said it intends to pay off $400 million of senior notes due in the third quarter using commercial paper.

For the full year, Owens Corning expects approximately $800 million of capital additions, with more than half allocated to productivity and growth programs. The company is building a new Fiberglas line in Kansas City that is expected to begin operating next year and initially serve commercial and industrial insulation applications. It is also constructing a roofing plant in Alabama, with capacity expected to be available by mid-2028.

Chambers said Jonathan Collins will join Owens Corning as chief financial officer on Aug. 10. Fister will transition to president and chief operating officer, leading enterprise initiatives intended to accelerate growth, improve performance and further integrate the company’s go-to-market strategy.

Roofing profitability remains strong despite inflation
Roofing sales were about $1.3 billion, up slightly from a year earlier, supported by favorable product mix and demand for higher-value products. EBITDA declined $16 million to $441 million, while the segment’s EBITDA margin was 34%.

Fister said higher inflation, including transportation costs, created negative price-cost dynamics because pricing was relatively flat during the quarter. The company said it is seeing solid realization of price increases announced during the second quarter.

Owens Corning said its shingles and components volumes were slightly ahead of the broader market, aided by its contractor engagement model and demand for roofing systems and components. Those gains were partly offset by lower nonwovens volumes following the exit of a low-margin contract.

For the third quarter, the company expects roofing revenue to decline by a mid-to-high single-digit percentage from the prior year and an EBITDA margin of about 30%. Management expects asphalt roofing market shipments to decline by a high single-digit percentage, reflecting volume that was pulled into the second quarter ahead of price increases and heavier distributor inventory.

Chambers said distributor inventories are “a little heavier than normal,” though conditions vary by region. He said second-half roofing demand will be increasingly dependent on storm activity and regional trends. The company expects pricing gains to build through the third and fourth quarters, but said the timing of a return to price-cost neutrality depends on input, asphalt and transportation inflation.

Insulation growth led by non-residential and European markets
Insulation revenue increased 4% to $971 million, driven primarily by higher volumes and a modest currency benefit. Segment EBITDA was $213 million, below the prior-year level due to slightly lower pricing and ongoing inflation, while the EBITDA margin was 22%.

The company cited strength in North American non-residential and European markets. North American residential revenue increased slightly as higher volumes offset the effects of earlier pricing actions. Fister said non-residential demand has benefited from pockets of strength including data centers, healthcare, interiors and U.S. reindustrialization activity.

In Europe, Owens Corning reported growth from commercial execution and improving core markets. Management said it believes Europe is positioned for stronger construction conditions over time after several years of below-average activity.

For the third quarter, the company expects insulation revenue to grow by a mid-single-digit percentage, with North American non-residential revenue up by a low-double-digit percentage. It expects the segment’s EBITDA margin to remain in line with the second quarter’s 22% level.

Owens Corning also plans to restart its smaller Nephi, Utah, insulation plant in the fourth quarter. Fister said the facility will help serve West Coast residential customers and support the company’s network during planned furnace rebuilds over the next two years. The Kansas City line is expected to provide additional network flexibility when it begins production.

Doors segment pursues margin expansion
Doors revenue declined 7% to $513 million, primarily because of strategic divestitures. Owens Corning sold its distribution business in the first quarter, which had about $70 million in annual net revenue, and sold an Oregon components facility late last year that had about $50 million in annual sales. Together, those actions reduced second-quarter revenue by about $30 million.

Doors EBITDA was $57 million, down from the prior year because of lower volumes and higher transportation costs. The segment generated an 11% EBITDA margin, above the company’s guidance due to tariff refunds.

Management said it has achieved $135 million of run-rate enterprise cost synergies in doors, exceeding its original $125 million target by the end of the second year of ownership. Chambers also said Owens Corning has identified another $75 million of structural cost improvements across operations.

For the third quarter, Owens Corning expects doors revenue to decline by a mid-single-digit percentage, again largely reflecting divestitures, and anticipates an EBITDA margin of about 10%. The company expects cost optimization and expanded commercial activity to support longer-term margin improvement, although material and transportation inflation are expected to keep price-cost dynamics negative in the quarter.

At the enterprise level, Owens Corning expects third-quarter revenue of $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion, slightly below the prior-year period, and an adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 20% to 22%.About Owens Corning (NYSE:OC)Owens Corning is a global leader in composite materials and building products, with a primary focus on insulation, roofing, and fiberglass composites. The company serves professional contractors, builders and industrial manufacturers by providing solutions designed to improve energy efficiency, structural performance and durability. Its products are used in residential, commercial, and industrial applications worldwide.

The company's core product lines include fiberglass insulation for thermal and acoustic comfort, roofing shingles and underlayment systems engineered for weather protection, and advanced composite materials for markets such as wind energy, automotive, marine and infrastructure.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Owens Corning Right Now?Before you consider Owens Corning, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Owens Corning wasn't on the list.While Owens Corning currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here Options Trading Made Easy - Download NowLearn the basics of options trading and how to use them to boost returns and manage risk with this free report from MarketBeat. Click the link below to get your free copy.Get This Free Report

Chief Financial and Operating Officer Todd Fister said second-quarter EBITDA included a $25 million benefit from tariff refunds, with about half of the refund affecting the doors business and the rest spread across the enterprise. The refunds partially offset $30 million in net cost inflation related to the Iran conflict, he said.


Owens Corning expects the net cost impact related to Iran to be about $40 million in the third quarter as inflation moves through inventory, with roofing expected to be the most affected segment. Fister said the company has more than $20 million in potential additional tariff refunds pending, though the timing is uncertain and the potential refunds were not included in the company’s third-quarter outlook.


The company ended the quarter with $1.8 billion of liquidity, including $271 million in cash and $1.5 billion available under bank debt facilities. Its debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.4 times, near the middle of its targeted range of two to three times. Owens Corning said it intends to pay off $400 million of senior notes due in the third quarter using commercial paper.


For the full year, Owens Corning expects approximately $800 million of capital additions, with more than half allocated to productivity and growth programs. The company is building a new Fiberglas line in Kansas City that is expected to begin operating next year and initially serve commercial and industrial insulation applications. It is also constructing a roofing plant in Alabama, with capacity expected to be available by mid-2028.


Chambers said Jonathan Collins will join Owens Corning as chief financial officer on Aug. 10. Fister will transition to president and chief operating officer, leading enterprise initiatives intended to accelerate growth, improve performance and further integrate the company’s go-to-market strategy.

Roofing profitability remains strong despite inflation
Roofing sales were about $1.3 billion, up slightly from a year earlier, supported by favorable product mix and demand for higher-value products. EBITDA declined $16 million to $441 million, while the segment’s EBITDA margin was 34%.

Fister said higher inflation, including transportation costs, created negative price-cost dynamics because pricing was relatively flat during the quarter. The company said it is seeing solid realization of price increases announced during the second quarter.

Owens Corning said its shingles and components volumes were slightly ahead of the broader market, aided by its contractor engagement model and demand for roofing systems and components. Those gains were partly offset by lower nonwovens volumes following the exit of a low-margin contract.

For the third quarter, the company expects roofing revenue to decline by a mid-to-high single-digit percentage from the prior year and an EBITDA margin of about 30%. Management expects asphalt roofing market shipments to decline by a high single-digit percentage, reflecting volume that was pulled into the second quarter ahead of price increases and heavier distributor inventory.

Chambers said distributor inventories are “a little heavier than normal,” though conditions vary by region. He said second-half roofing demand will be increasingly dependent on storm activity and regional trends. The company expects pricing gains to build through the third and fourth quarters, but said the timing of a return to price-cost neutrality depends on input, asphalt and transportation inflation.

Insulation growth led by non-residential and European markets
Insulation revenue increased 4% to $971 million, driven primarily by higher volumes and a modest currency benefit. Segment EBITDA was $213 million, below the prior-year level due to slightly lower pricing and ongoing inflation, while the EBITDA margin was 22%.

The company cited strength in North American non-residential and European markets. North American residential revenue increased slightly as higher volumes offset the effects of earlier pricing actions. Fister said non-residential demand has benefited from pockets of strength including data centers, healthcare, interiors and U.S. reindustrialization activity.

In Europe, Owens Corning reported growth from commercial execution and improving core markets. Management said it believes Europe is positioned for stronger construction conditions over time after several years of below-average activity.

For the third quarter, the company expects insulation revenue to grow by a mid-single-digit percentage, with North American non-residential revenue up by a low-double-digit percentage. It expects the segment’s EBITDA margin to remain in line with the second quarter’s 22% level.

Owens Corning also plans to restart its smaller Nephi, Utah, insulation plant in the fourth quarter. Fister said the facility will help serve West Coast residential customers and support the company’s network during planned furnace rebuilds over the next two years. The Kansas City line is expected to provide additional network flexibility when it begins production.

Doors segment pursues margin expansion
Doors revenue declined 7% to $513 million, primarily because of strategic divestitures. Owens Corning sold its distribution business in the first quarter, which had about $70 million in annual net revenue, and sold an Oregon components facility late last year that had about $50 million in annual sales. Together, those actions reduced second-quarter revenue by about $30 million.

Doors EBITDA was $57 million, down from the prior year because of lower volumes and higher transportation costs. The segment generated an 11% EBITDA margin, above the company’s guidance due to tariff refunds.

Management said it has achieved $135 million of run-rate enterprise cost synergies in doors, exceeding its original $125 million target by the end of the second year of ownership. Chambers also said Owens Corning has identified another $75 million of structural cost improvements across operations.

For the third quarter, Owens Corning expects doors revenue to decline by a mid-single-digit percentage, again largely reflecting divestitures, and anticipates an EBITDA margin of about 10%. The company expects cost optimization and expanded commercial activity to support longer-term margin improvement, although material and transportation inflation are expected to keep price-cost dynamics negative in the quarter.

At the enterprise level, Owens Corning expects third-quarter revenue of $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion, slightly below the prior-year period, and an adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 20% to 22%.About Owens Corning (NYSE:OC)Owens Corning is a global leader in composite materials and building products, with a primary focus on insulation, roofing, and fiberglass composites. The company serves professional contractors, builders and industrial manufacturers by providing solutions designed to improve energy efficiency, structural performance and durability. Its products are used in residential, commercial, and industrial applications worldwide.

The company's core product lines include fiberglass insulation for thermal and acoustic comfort, roofing shingles and underlayment systems engineered for weather protection, and advanced composite materials for markets such as wind energy, automotive, marine and infrastructure.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Owens Corning Right Now?Before you consider Owens Corning, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Owens Corning wasn't on the list.While Owens Corning currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here Options Trading Made Easy - Download NowLearn the basics of options trading and how to use them to boost returns and manage risk with this free report from MarketBeat. Click the link below to get your free copy.Get This Free Report

Roofing sales were about $1.3 billion, up slightly from a year earlier, supported by favorable product mix and demand for higher-value products. EBITDA declined $16 million to $441 million, while the segment’s EBITDA margin was 34%.


Fister said higher inflation, including transportation costs, created negative price-cost dynamics because pricing was relatively flat during the quarter. The company said it is seeing solid realization of price increases announced during the second quarter.


Owens Corning said its shingles and components volumes were slightly ahead of the broader market, aided by its contractor engagement model and demand for roofing systems and components. Those gains were partly offset by lower nonwovens volumes following the exit of a low-margin contract.


For the third quarter, the company expects roofing revenue to decline by a mid-to-high single-digit percentage from the prior year and an EBITDA margin of about 30%. Management expects asphalt roofing market shipments to decline by a high single-digit percentage, reflecting volume that was pulled into the second quarter ahead of price increases and heavier distributor inventory.


Chambers said distributor inventories are “a little heavier than normal,” though conditions vary by region. He said second-half roofing demand will be increasingly dependent on storm activity and regional trends. The company expects pricing gains to build through the third and fourth quarters, but said the timing of a return to price-cost neutrality depends on input, asphalt and transportation inflation.

Insulation growth led by non-residential and European markets
Insulation revenue increased 4% to $971 million, driven primarily by higher volumes and a modest currency benefit. Segment EBITDA was $213 million, below the prior-year level due to slightly lower pricing and ongoing inflation, while the EBITDA margin was 22%.

The company cited strength in North American non-residential and European markets. North American residential revenue increased slightly as higher volumes offset the effects of earlier pricing actions. Fister said non-residential demand has benefited from pockets of strength including data centers, healthcare, interiors and U.S. reindustrialization activity.

In Europe, Owens Corning reported growth from commercial execution and improving core markets. Management said it believes Europe is positioned for stronger construction conditions over time after several years of below-average activity.

For the third quarter, the company expects insulation revenue to grow by a mid-single-digit percentage, with North American non-residential revenue up by a low-double-digit percentage. It expects the segment’s EBITDA margin to remain in line with the second quarter’s 22% level.

Owens Corning also plans to restart its smaller Nephi, Utah, insulation plant in the fourth quarter. Fister said the facility will help serve West Coast residential customers and support the company’s network during planned furnace rebuilds over the next two years. The Kansas City line is expected to provide additional network flexibility when it begins production.

Doors segment pursues margin expansion
Doors revenue declined 7% to $513 million, primarily because of strategic divestitures. Owens Corning sold its distribution business in the first quarter, which had about $70 million in annual net revenue, and sold an Oregon components facility late last year that had about $50 million in annual sales. Together, those actions reduced second-quarter revenue by about $30 million.

Doors EBITDA was $57 million, down from the prior year because of lower volumes and higher transportation costs. The segment generated an 11% EBITDA margin, above the company’s guidance due to tariff refunds.

Management said it has achieved $135 million of run-rate enterprise cost synergies in doors, exceeding its original $125 million target by the end of the second year of ownership. Chambers also said Owens Corning has identified another $75 million of structural cost improvements across operations.

For the third quarter, Owens Corning expects doors revenue to decline by a mid-single-digit percentage, again largely reflecting divestitures, and anticipates an EBITDA margin of about 10%. The company expects cost optimization and expanded commercial activity to support longer-term margin improvement, although material and transportation inflation are expected to keep price-cost dynamics negative in the quarter.

At the enterprise level, Owens Corning expects third-quarter revenue of $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion, slightly below the prior-year period, and an adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 20% to 22%.About Owens Corning (NYSE:OC)Owens Corning is a global leader in composite materials and building products, with a primary focus on insulation, roofing, and fiberglass composites. The company serves professional contractors, builders and industrial manufacturers by providing solutions designed to improve energy efficiency, structural performance and durability. Its products are used in residential, commercial, and industrial applications worldwide.

The company's core product lines include fiberglass insulation for thermal and acoustic comfort, roofing shingles and underlayment systems engineered for weather protection, and advanced composite materials for markets such as wind energy, automotive, marine and infrastructure.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Owens Corning Right Now?Before you consider Owens Corning, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Owens Corning wasn't on the list.While Owens Corning currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here Options Trading Made Easy - Download NowLearn the basics of options trading and how to use them to boost returns and manage risk with this free report from MarketBeat. Click the link below to get your free copy.Get This Free Report

Insulation revenue increased 4% to $971 million, driven primarily by higher volumes and a modest currency benefit. Segment EBITDA was $213 million, below the prior-year level due to slightly lower pricing and ongoing inflation, while the EBITDA margin was 22%.


The company cited strength in North American non-residential and European markets. North American residential revenue increased slightly as higher volumes offset the effects of earlier pricing actions. Fister said non-residential demand has benefited from pockets of strength including data centers, healthcare, interiors and U.S. reindustrialization activity.


In Europe, Owens Corning reported growth from commercial execution and improving core markets. Management said it believes Europe is positioned for stronger construction conditions over time after several years of below-average activity.


For the third quarter, the company expects insulation revenue to grow by a mid-single-digit percentage, with North American non-residential revenue up by a low-double-digit percentage. It expects the segment’s EBITDA margin to remain in line with the second quarter’s 22% level.


Owens Corning also plans to restart its smaller Nephi, Utah, insulation plant in the fourth quarter. Fister said the facility will help serve West Coast residential customers and support the company’s network during planned furnace rebuilds over the next two years. The Kansas City line is expected to provide additional network flexibility when it begins production.

Doors segment pursues margin expansion
Doors revenue declined 7% to $513 million, primarily because of strategic divestitures. Owens Corning sold its distribution business in the first quarter, which had about $70 million in annual net revenue, and sold an Oregon components facility late last year that had about $50 million in annual sales. Together, those actions reduced second-quarter revenue by about $30 million.

Doors EBITDA was $57 million, down from the prior year because of lower volumes and higher transportation costs. The segment generated an 11% EBITDA margin, above the company’s guidance due to tariff refunds.

Management said it has achieved $135 million of run-rate enterprise cost synergies in doors, exceeding its original $125 million target by the end of the second year of ownership. Chambers also said Owens Corning has identified another $75 million of structural cost improvements across operations.

For the third quarter, Owens Corning expects doors revenue to decline by a mid-single-digit percentage, again largely reflecting divestitures, and anticipates an EBITDA margin of about 10%. The company expects cost optimization and expanded commercial activity to support longer-term margin improvement, although material and transportation inflation are expected to keep price-cost dynamics negative in the quarter.

At the enterprise level, Owens Corning expects third-quarter revenue of $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion, slightly below the prior-year period, and an adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 20% to 22%.About Owens Corning (NYSE:OC)Owens Corning is a global leader in composite materials and building products, with a primary focus on insulation, roofing, and fiberglass composites. The company serves professional contractors, builders and industrial manufacturers by providing solutions designed to improve energy efficiency, structural performance and durability. Its products are used in residential, commercial, and industrial applications worldwide.

The company's core product lines include fiberglass insulation for thermal and acoustic comfort, roofing shingles and underlayment systems engineered for weather protection, and advanced composite materials for markets such as wind energy, automotive, marine and infrastructure.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Owens Corning Right Now?Before you consider Owens Corning, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Owens Corning wasn't on the list.While Owens Corning currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here Options Trading Made Easy - Download NowLearn the basics of options trading and how to use them to boost returns and manage risk with this free report from MarketBeat. Click the link below to get your free copy.Get This Free Report

Doors revenue declined 7% to $513 million, primarily because of strategic divestitures. Owens Corning sold its distribution business in the first quarter, which had about $70 million in annual net revenue, and sold an Oregon components facility late last year that had about $50 million in annual sales. Together, those actions reduced second-quarter revenue by about $30 million.


Doors EBITDA was $57 million, down from the prior year because of lower volumes and higher transportation costs. The segment generated an 11% EBITDA margin, above the company’s guidance due to tariff refunds.


Management said it has achieved $135 million of run-rate enterprise cost synergies in doors, exceeding its original $125 million target by the end of the second year of ownership. Chambers also said Owens Corning has identified another $75 million of structural cost improvements across operations.


For the third quarter, Owens Corning expects doors revenue to decline by a mid-single-digit percentage, again largely reflecting divestitures, and anticipates an EBITDA margin of about 10%. The company expects cost optimization and expanded commercial activity to support longer-term margin improvement, although material and transportation inflation are expected to keep price-cost dynamics negative in the quarter.


At the enterprise level, Owens Corning expects third-quarter revenue of $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion, slightly below the prior-year period, and an adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 20% to 22%.About Owens Corning (NYSE:OC)Owens Corning is a global leader in composite materials and building products, with a primary focus on insulation, roofing, and fiberglass composites. The company serves professional contractors, builders and industrial manufacturers by providing solutions designed to improve energy efficiency, structural performance and durability. Its products are used in residential, commercial, and industrial applications worldwide.

The company's core product lines include fiberglass insulation for thermal and acoustic comfort, roofing shingles and underlayment systems engineered for weather protection, and advanced composite materials for markets such as wind energy, automotive, marine and infrastructure.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Owens Corning Right Now?Before you consider Owens Corning, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Owens Corning wasn't on the list.While Owens Corning currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here Options Trading Made Easy - Download NowLearn the basics of options trading and how to use them to boost returns and manage risk with this free report from MarketBeat. Click the link below to get your free copy.Get This Free Report

Owens Corning is a global leader in composite materials and building products, with a primary focus on insulation, roofing, and fiberglass composites. The company serves professional contractors, builders and industrial manufacturers by providing solutions designed to improve energy efficiency, structural performance and durability. Its products are used in residential, commercial, and industrial applications worldwide.


The company's core product lines include fiberglass insulation for thermal and acoustic comfort, roofing shingles and underlayment systems engineered for weather protection, and advanced composite materials for markets such as wind energy, automotive, marine and infrastructure.
This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.
Before you consider Owens Corning, you'll want to hear this.
MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Owens Corning wasn't on the list.
While Owens Corning currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.
View The Five Stocks Here 
Learn the basics of options trading and how to use them to boost returns and manage risk with this free report from MarketBeat. Click the link below to get your free copy.
Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools and reports.
Featured By

                                        345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103
                                        
                                        contact@marketbeat.com
                                        
                                        (844) 978-6257
                                    
© MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved.

                                © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided by Massive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see Barchart's disclaimer. 

My Account - 
"
96,2026-08-08,"Envista NYSE: NVST reported second-quarter 2026 sales of $731 million, supported by 5% core revenue growth and contributions from foreign exchange and acquisitions that lifted total revenue growth to just over 7%.


President and Chief Executive Officer Paul Keel said the company delivered balanced growth across its two reporting segments and major geographies, while the dental market remained resilient amid macroeconomic pressure. The company reported 7% core growth for the first half of 2026.


Adjusted EBITDA increased 28% year over year, while adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 230 basis points to 14.7%. Adjusted earnings per share rose 58% to $0.41. The company generated $105 million in free cash flow during the quarter, representing 158% conversion, and repurchased approximately 2.4 million shares at an average price of $24 per share.

Get Envista alerts:Sign UpSegment growth led by equipment and consumables
Equipment and Consumables posted 8.5% core sales growth, with high-single-digit growth in both consumables and diagnostics. Keel said consumables benefited from its relative insulation from macro volatility because its products support procedures that are typically covered by insurance. Diagnostics also benefited from a market recovery following a multiyear post-COVID contraction, he said.

Keel said Envista estimates the consumables and diagnostics markets grew at mid-single-digit rates during the first half, while the company’s businesses grew at high-single-digit to low-double-digit rates. He attributed the outperformance to share gains, commercial and operational initiatives, and new-product activity.

Specialty Products & Technologies reported 3.1% core sales growth and nearly 6% total revenue growth. Spark clear aligners again delivered double-digit growth, or high-single-digit growth after accounting for changes in revenue deferrals. Implant core sales increased by low single digits, while brackets and wires declined by high single digits against a prior-year comparison that benefited from customer purchases ahead of tariff and pricing actions.

Adjusted operating profit in Specialty Products & Technologies increased $9 million, or 15%, and segment margin improved 120 basis points. Equipment and Consumables adjusted operating profit increased 25%, with operating margin rising 250 basis points, driven by pricing, volume and foreign-exchange benefits.

New products and investment initiatives
During the quarter, Envista launched ZenSeal Pro, a bioceramic endodontic sealer used in root canal procedures, and Demi Pro, a lightweight cordless curing light for restorative procedures. Keel said the company expects the launches to build on recent consumables share gains.

In orthodontics, Envista expanded Ormco Digital Bonding, or ODB, to all of its bracket systems. The digital platform was initially launched in 2023 with the Damon Ultima system. Keel said the expanded offering makes Envista the only scaled player offering complete solutions across both clear aligners and fixed orthodontics.

The company also discussed ongoing implant investments. Keel said the S-series implant launch introduced in the first quarter was ahead of plan, with roughly one-quarter of sales coming from competitive conversions. An abutments product is available in Europe and could launch in North America during the second half, subject to regulatory approvals. The company’s Versah acquisition, which added osseodensification technology, is also performing ahead of its acquisition plan, according to Keel.

China VBP expectations and second-half cadence
Envista expects China’s volume-based procurement processes for orthodontics, or VBP1, and implants, or VBP2, to occur in the second half of 2026. Management incorporated that assumption into its revised outlook.

Keel said Envista expects orthodontics VBP1 to result in price compression similar to the first implant VBP, which saw prices decline by roughly 45%, although he said the company expects share gains. For implant VBP2, Envista expects a smaller price decline of approximately 10% to 15%.

Management expects China to grow moderately in the second half, with somewhat stronger growth in the fourth quarter. Chief Financial Officer Eric Hammes said the company has maintained a lean channel position and expects its global presence, supply chain and market position to support a post-VBP response. He said Envista was down year over year in China during the first half.

Hammes also said the company expects approximately 3.5% core growth in the second half on a normalized basis. Reported fourth-quarter core growth is expected to be flat to slightly down because the quarter will have four fewer selling days than the prior-year period. Excluding the calendar effect, the company expects fourth-quarter core growth to align with its full-year guidance range.

Raised full-year outlook
Envista raised and narrowed its 2026 guidance, now expecting:


Core sales growth of 3.5% to 4.5%.
Adjusted EBITDA growth of 11% to 14%.
Adjusted EPS of $1.50 to $1.55.
Free cash flow conversion of approximately 100% of adjusted net income.

Hammes said the company expects foreign-exchange effects on both revenue and profit to be nominal to near zero in the second half, assuming currency rates remain near recent levels. He also said Envista now expects a full-year non-GAAP tax rate of about 26%, about two percentage points below its initial guidance.

Looking ahead, Envista plans to hold an investor day on Sept. 17, where management said it will provide an update on the value-creation plan introduced in March 2025, financial progress and innovation priorities across its four main businesses.About Envista (NYSE:NVST)Envista Holdings Corporation is a global dental products company that develops, manufactures and markets a broad portfolio of dental consumables, equipment and technology solutions. Headquartered in Brea, California, Envista serves dental practitioners, specialists and laboratories in more than 150 countries. The company's offerings span implant, orthodontic, endodontic and restorative product lines as well as digital imaging systems and practice management software.

Envista's product brands include Nobel Biocare for dental implants and restorative solutions, Ormco for orthodontic appliances and treatment systems, Kerr for restorative and endodontic materials, KaVo for dental imaging and handpieces, and Vista for surgical drills and instruments.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Envista Right Now?Before you consider Envista, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Envista wasn't on the list.While Envista currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here (Almost)  Everything You Need To Know About The EV MarketLooking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.Get This Free Report

Equipment and Consumables posted 8.5% core sales growth, with high-single-digit growth in both consumables and diagnostics. Keel said consumables benefited from its relative insulation from macro volatility because its products support procedures that are typically covered by insurance. Diagnostics also benefited from a market recovery following a multiyear post-COVID contraction, he said.


Keel said Envista estimates the consumables and diagnostics markets grew at mid-single-digit rates during the first half, while the company’s businesses grew at high-single-digit to low-double-digit rates. He attributed the outperformance to share gains, commercial and operational initiatives, and new-product activity.


Specialty Products & Technologies reported 3.1% core sales growth and nearly 6% total revenue growth. Spark clear aligners again delivered double-digit growth, or high-single-digit growth after accounting for changes in revenue deferrals. Implant core sales increased by low single digits, while brackets and wires declined by high single digits against a prior-year comparison that benefited from customer purchases ahead of tariff and pricing actions.


Adjusted operating profit in Specialty Products & Technologies increased $9 million, or 15%, and segment margin improved 120 basis points. Equipment and Consumables adjusted operating profit increased 25%, with operating margin rising 250 basis points, driven by pricing, volume and foreign-exchange benefits.

New products and investment initiatives
During the quarter, Envista launched ZenSeal Pro, a bioceramic endodontic sealer used in root canal procedures, and Demi Pro, a lightweight cordless curing light for restorative procedures. Keel said the company expects the launches to build on recent consumables share gains.

In orthodontics, Envista expanded Ormco Digital Bonding, or ODB, to all of its bracket systems. The digital platform was initially launched in 2023 with the Damon Ultima system. Keel said the expanded offering makes Envista the only scaled player offering complete solutions across both clear aligners and fixed orthodontics.

The company also discussed ongoing implant investments. Keel said the S-series implant launch introduced in the first quarter was ahead of plan, with roughly one-quarter of sales coming from competitive conversions. An abutments product is available in Europe and could launch in North America during the second half, subject to regulatory approvals. The company’s Versah acquisition, which added osseodensification technology, is also performing ahead of its acquisition plan, according to Keel.

China VBP expectations and second-half cadence
Envista expects China’s volume-based procurement processes for orthodontics, or VBP1, and implants, or VBP2, to occur in the second half of 2026. Management incorporated that assumption into its revised outlook.

Keel said Envista expects orthodontics VBP1 to result in price compression similar to the first implant VBP, which saw prices decline by roughly 45%, although he said the company expects share gains. For implant VBP2, Envista expects a smaller price decline of approximately 10% to 15%.

Management expects China to grow moderately in the second half, with somewhat stronger growth in the fourth quarter. Chief Financial Officer Eric Hammes said the company has maintained a lean channel position and expects its global presence, supply chain and market position to support a post-VBP response. He said Envista was down year over year in China during the first half.

Hammes also said the company expects approximately 3.5% core growth in the second half on a normalized basis. Reported fourth-quarter core growth is expected to be flat to slightly down because the quarter will have four fewer selling days than the prior-year period. Excluding the calendar effect, the company expects fourth-quarter core growth to align with its full-year guidance range.

Raised full-year outlook
Envista raised and narrowed its 2026 guidance, now expecting:


Core sales growth of 3.5% to 4.5%.
Adjusted EBITDA growth of 11% to 14%.
Adjusted EPS of $1.50 to $1.55.
Free cash flow conversion of approximately 100% of adjusted net income.

Hammes said the company expects foreign-exchange effects on both revenue and profit to be nominal to near zero in the second half, assuming currency rates remain near recent levels. He also said Envista now expects a full-year non-GAAP tax rate of about 26%, about two percentage points below its initial guidance.

Looking ahead, Envista plans to hold an investor day on Sept. 17, where management said it will provide an update on the value-creation plan introduced in March 2025, financial progress and innovation priorities across its four main businesses.About Envista (NYSE:NVST)Envista Holdings Corporation is a global dental products company that develops, manufactures and markets a broad portfolio of dental consumables, equipment and technology solutions. Headquartered in Brea, California, Envista serves dental practitioners, specialists and laboratories in more than 150 countries. The company's offerings span implant, orthodontic, endodontic and restorative product lines as well as digital imaging systems and practice management software.

Envista's product brands include Nobel Biocare for dental implants and restorative solutions, Ormco for orthodontic appliances and treatment systems, Kerr for restorative and endodontic materials, KaVo for dental imaging and handpieces, and Vista for surgical drills and instruments.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Envista Right Now?Before you consider Envista, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Envista wasn't on the list.While Envista currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here (Almost)  Everything You Need To Know About The EV MarketLooking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.Get This Free Report

During the quarter, Envista launched ZenSeal Pro, a bioceramic endodontic sealer used in root canal procedures, and Demi Pro, a lightweight cordless curing light for restorative procedures. Keel said the company expects the launches to build on recent consumables share gains.


In orthodontics, Envista expanded Ormco Digital Bonding, or ODB, to all of its bracket systems. The digital platform was initially launched in 2023 with the Damon Ultima system. Keel said the expanded offering makes Envista the only scaled player offering complete solutions across both clear aligners and fixed orthodontics.


The company also discussed ongoing implant investments. Keel said the S-series implant launch introduced in the first quarter was ahead of plan, with roughly one-quarter of sales coming from competitive conversions. An abutments product is available in Europe and could launch in North America during the second half, subject to regulatory approvals. The company’s Versah acquisition, which added osseodensification technology, is also performing ahead of its acquisition plan, according to Keel.

China VBP expectations and second-half cadence
Envista expects China’s volume-based procurement processes for orthodontics, or VBP1, and implants, or VBP2, to occur in the second half of 2026. Management incorporated that assumption into its revised outlook.

Keel said Envista expects orthodontics VBP1 to result in price compression similar to the first implant VBP, which saw prices decline by roughly 45%, although he said the company expects share gains. For implant VBP2, Envista expects a smaller price decline of approximately 10% to 15%.

Management expects China to grow moderately in the second half, with somewhat stronger growth in the fourth quarter. Chief Financial Officer Eric Hammes said the company has maintained a lean channel position and expects its global presence, supply chain and market position to support a post-VBP response. He said Envista was down year over year in China during the first half.

Hammes also said the company expects approximately 3.5% core growth in the second half on a normalized basis. Reported fourth-quarter core growth is expected to be flat to slightly down because the quarter will have four fewer selling days than the prior-year period. Excluding the calendar effect, the company expects fourth-quarter core growth to align with its full-year guidance range.

Raised full-year outlook
Envista raised and narrowed its 2026 guidance, now expecting:


Core sales growth of 3.5% to 4.5%.
Adjusted EBITDA growth of 11% to 14%.
Adjusted EPS of $1.50 to $1.55.
Free cash flow conversion of approximately 100% of adjusted net income.

Hammes said the company expects foreign-exchange effects on both revenue and profit to be nominal to near zero in the second half, assuming currency rates remain near recent levels. He also said Envista now expects a full-year non-GAAP tax rate of about 26%, about two percentage points below its initial guidance.

Looking ahead, Envista plans to hold an investor day on Sept. 17, where management said it will provide an update on the value-creation plan introduced in March 2025, financial progress and innovation priorities across its four main businesses.About Envista (NYSE:NVST)Envista Holdings Corporation is a global dental products company that develops, manufactures and markets a broad portfolio of dental consumables, equipment and technology solutions. Headquartered in Brea, California, Envista serves dental practitioners, specialists and laboratories in more than 150 countries. The company's offerings span implant, orthodontic, endodontic and restorative product lines as well as digital imaging systems and practice management software.

Envista's product brands include Nobel Biocare for dental implants and restorative solutions, Ormco for orthodontic appliances and treatment systems, Kerr for restorative and endodontic materials, KaVo for dental imaging and handpieces, and Vista for surgical drills and instruments.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Envista Right Now?Before you consider Envista, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Envista wasn't on the list.While Envista currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here (Almost)  Everything You Need To Know About The EV MarketLooking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.Get This Free Report

Envista expects China’s volume-based procurement processes for orthodontics, or VBP1, and implants, or VBP2, to occur in the second half of 2026. Management incorporated that assumption into its revised outlook.


Keel said Envista expects orthodontics VBP1 to result in price compression similar to the first implant VBP, which saw prices decline by roughly 45%, although he said the company expects share gains. For implant VBP2, Envista expects a smaller price decline of approximately 10% to 15%.


Management expects China to grow moderately in the second half, with somewhat stronger growth in the fourth quarter. Chief Financial Officer Eric Hammes said the company has maintained a lean channel position and expects its global presence, supply chain and market position to support a post-VBP response. He said Envista was down year over year in China during the first half.


Hammes also said the company expects approximately 3.5% core growth in the second half on a normalized basis. Reported fourth-quarter core growth is expected to be flat to slightly down because the quarter will have four fewer selling days than the prior-year period. Excluding the calendar effect, the company expects fourth-quarter core growth to align with its full-year guidance range.

Raised full-year outlook
Envista raised and narrowed its 2026 guidance, now expecting:


Core sales growth of 3.5% to 4.5%.
Adjusted EBITDA growth of 11% to 14%.
Adjusted EPS of $1.50 to $1.55.
Free cash flow conversion of approximately 100% of adjusted net income.

Hammes said the company expects foreign-exchange effects on both revenue and profit to be nominal to near zero in the second half, assuming currency rates remain near recent levels. He also said Envista now expects a full-year non-GAAP tax rate of about 26%, about two percentage points below its initial guidance.

Looking ahead, Envista plans to hold an investor day on Sept. 17, where management said it will provide an update on the value-creation plan introduced in March 2025, financial progress and innovation priorities across its four main businesses.About Envista (NYSE:NVST)Envista Holdings Corporation is a global dental products company that develops, manufactures and markets a broad portfolio of dental consumables, equipment and technology solutions. Headquartered in Brea, California, Envista serves dental practitioners, specialists and laboratories in more than 150 countries. The company's offerings span implant, orthodontic, endodontic and restorative product lines as well as digital imaging systems and practice management software.

Envista's product brands include Nobel Biocare for dental implants and restorative solutions, Ormco for orthodontic appliances and treatment systems, Kerr for restorative and endodontic materials, KaVo for dental imaging and handpieces, and Vista for surgical drills and instruments.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Envista Right Now?Before you consider Envista, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Envista wasn't on the list.While Envista currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here (Almost)  Everything You Need To Know About The EV MarketLooking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.Get This Free Report

Envista raised and narrowed its 2026 guidance, now expecting:


Core sales growth of 3.5% to 4.5%.
Adjusted EBITDA growth of 11% to 14%.
Adjusted EPS of $1.50 to $1.55.
Free cash flow conversion of approximately 100% of adjusted net income.

Hammes said the company expects foreign-exchange effects on both revenue and profit to be nominal to near zero in the second half, assuming currency rates remain near recent levels. He also said Envista now expects a full-year non-GAAP tax rate of about 26%, about two percentage points below its initial guidance.

Looking ahead, Envista plans to hold an investor day on Sept. 17, where management said it will provide an update on the value-creation plan introduced in March 2025, financial progress and innovation priorities across its four main businesses.About Envista (NYSE:NVST)Envista Holdings Corporation is a global dental products company that develops, manufactures and markets a broad portfolio of dental consumables, equipment and technology solutions. Headquartered in Brea, California, Envista serves dental practitioners, specialists and laboratories in more than 150 countries. The company's offerings span implant, orthodontic, endodontic and restorative product lines as well as digital imaging systems and practice management software.

Envista's product brands include Nobel Biocare for dental implants and restorative solutions, Ormco for orthodontic appliances and treatment systems, Kerr for restorative and endodontic materials, KaVo for dental imaging and handpieces, and Vista for surgical drills and instruments.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Envista Right Now?Before you consider Envista, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Envista wasn't on the list.While Envista currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here (Almost)  Everything You Need To Know About The EV MarketLooking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.Get This Free Report

Hammes said the company expects foreign-exchange effects on both revenue and profit to be nominal to near zero in the second half, assuming currency rates remain near recent levels. He also said Envista now expects a full-year non-GAAP tax rate of about 26%, about two percentage points below its initial guidance.


Looking ahead, Envista plans to hold an investor day on Sept. 17, where management said it will provide an update on the value-creation plan introduced in March 2025, financial progress and innovation priorities across its four main businesses.About Envista (NYSE:NVST)Envista Holdings Corporation is a global dental products company that develops, manufactures and markets a broad portfolio of dental consumables, equipment and technology solutions. Headquartered in Brea, California, Envista serves dental practitioners, specialists and laboratories in more than 150 countries. The company's offerings span implant, orthodontic, endodontic and restorative product lines as well as digital imaging systems and practice management software.

Envista's product brands include Nobel Biocare for dental implants and restorative solutions, Ormco for orthodontic appliances and treatment systems, Kerr for restorative and endodontic materials, KaVo for dental imaging and handpieces, and Vista for surgical drills and instruments.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Continue following MarketBeatAdd MarketBeat as your preferred source on Google to see our latest stories in your feed.Add As Preferred SourceShould You Invest $1,000 in Envista Right Now?Before you consider Envista, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Envista wasn't on the list.While Envista currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here (Almost)  Everything You Need To Know About The EV MarketLooking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.Get This Free Report

Envista Holdings Corporation is a global dental products company that develops, manufactures and markets a broad portfolio of dental consumables, equipment and technology solutions. Headquartered in Brea, California, Envista serves dental practitioners, specialists and laboratories in more than 150 countries. The company's offerings span implant, orthodontic, endodontic and restorative product lines as well as digital imaging systems and practice management software.


Envista's product brands include Nobel Biocare for dental implants and restorative solutions, Ormco for orthodontic appliances and treatment systems, Kerr for restorative and endodontic materials, KaVo for dental imaging and handpieces, and Vista for surgical drills and instruments.
This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.
Before you consider Envista, you'll want to hear this.
MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Envista wasn't on the list.
While Envista currently has a Hold rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.
View The Five Stocks Here 
Looking to profit from the electric vehicle mega-trend? Click the link to see our list of which EV stocks show the most long-term potential.
Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools and reports.
Featured By

                                        345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103
                                        
                                        contact@marketbeat.com
                                        
                                        (844) 978-6257
                                    
© MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved.

                                © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided by Massive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see Barchart's disclaimer. 

My Account - 
"
97,2026-08-08,"The procedural move puts crypto market structure legislation back on track as lawmakers continue negotiations over ethics and stablecoin provisions.
US Senate Majority Leader John Thune has filed cloture on a motion to take up the Digital Asset Market Clarity Act, also known as the CLARITY Act, setting up a key procedural vote on the crypto market structure bill for September.
The vote is expected after the Senate reconvenes on Sept. 15, giving lawmakers several more weeks to resolve disagreements that prevented a deal before the August recess.
The Senate Daily Press confirmed that Thune filed cloture on the motion to bring the CLARITY Act to the Senate floor for consideration. Invoking cloture requires 60 votes, meaning Republicans will need Democratic support to clear the procedural hurdle.
Thune’s move puts the CLARITY Act on a path toward Senate consideration after lawmakers failed to reach an agreement before the August recess. Negotiations have been complicated by disagreements over ethics provisions and rules governing stablecoin rewards, among other issues.
Source: Eleanor Terrett
While the move marks progress for the legislation, it does not guarantee that the CLARITY Act will receive a final vote or pass the Senate. The cloture vote concerns whether to take up the legislation for consideration, rather than passage of the bill itself.
The CLARITY Act is considered a landmark piece of US crypto legislation that would establish a federal market structure for digital assets, clarify when crypto assets fall under securities or commodities laws and delineate oversight responsibilities between the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
Until now, negotiations have stalled over proposed ethics provisions that would restrict government officials and their families from issuing or profiting from digital assets while in office.
In an effort to break that impasse, lawmakers have been reportedly working on a bipartisan ethics addendum aimed at addressing Democratic concerns over President Donald Trump’s crypto-related financial interests. As Bloomberg reported Thursday, the proposal would require the president to divest from certain crypto-related businesses.
Magazine: CLARITY hopes fade, BitMEX shuts as lawsuit looms: Hodler’s Digest, July 26

Cointelegraph is committed to providing independent, high-quality journalism across the crypto, blockchain, AI, and fintech industries.
All news, reviews, and analyses are produced with full journalistic independence and integrity. For more details on our standards and processes, please read our Editorial Policy."
98,2026-08-08," by Jason Lemkin | Blog Posts, Sponsored Posts
Haya Kamola on running an account tiering analysis with connectors, custom signals, and four rounds of iteration, live at SaaStr AI Day
Haya Kamola leads customer success at Backstory, and spent her career in sales and sales leadership before that. The project she walked through at SaaStr AI Day is one most go-to-market leaders have either run or will run: take the customer base, figure out which accounts deserve the team’s time, and redistribute against that.
The ask came down from the board with a short turnaround. 141 accounts. Define what the best customers look like, measure everyone against that, and produce a tiering framework the executive team can act on.
In a previous life, that was her team plus four others, working a full quarter. This version took three to four days.
Kamola started by getting the full account teams and senior leadership to describe what made one or two specific customers feel different from everyone else. Not longest-tenured, not largest.
What they landed on: customers who treated Backstory as a core part of their tech stack, built systems around the platform, planned five years out with it at the center, cared about the roadmap and wanted to inform it, and kept finding new use cases to push the product into.
Everything else got measured against that definition. Without it you end up scoring accounts against whatever fields happen to be populated in your CRM.
Stripping the golden customers down produced two sets of characteristics.
Internal to the customer: go-to-market process maturity, tech stack mix, AI maturity and how fast they were moving up that curve, and whether they ran partner motions.
Specific to the relationship: deployment velocity, meaning they landed on a small use case and expanded across the stack fast. Executive visibility, meaning Backstory data was being used by executives to make decisions. And total addressable market within the account, plus remaining white space.
A lot of that was sitting in silos across various tools. Several of those signals had never been measured repeatably across the full customer base, so the gaps got filled before the analysis started.
AI maturity was her example. Backstory had an internal five-level framework covering culture, investment level, technology stack, talent, and willingness to engage on hard problems. Maintaining it meant asking account teams to categorize customers by hand, which she described as grueling.
So they built it as a signal that runs on its own: a prompt executed systematically against every account, pulling specific CRM fields, public company information like AI-forward product launches and new investments, and the account’s full conversation history. Emails, meetings, and Slack, assembled into a chronological record. The output is a maturity level for each account plus the reasoning behind it.
They did the same for tech stack mix, where pre-sales scorecards from two or three years ago were badly out of date and the current picture was sitting in conversations nobody had systematically read.
This is the part that used to consume the quarter. A project owner going to product, BI, finance, and several other functions to collect TAM, health, revenue, renewal rates, delivery risks, feature requests, and adoption levels for every account.
Kamola didn’t ask anyone. Four connectors covered it:
The Slack input is the one most teams could copy tomorrow. An account team’s internal dialogue is usually the earliest and most candid read on a customer, and it almost never makes it into any structured system.
The only manual step in the workflow was exporting the customer list from Salesforce: account name, executive engagement level, predicted account health, the AI maturity signal, upcoming renewal date, and renewal ACV.
The analysis runs as a defined sequence in Claude rather than a single prompt, using Cowork specifically because the steps needed to execute in order.
The sequence: ingest and normalize the CSV so accounts match across sources. Start with the conversation history, treated as the primary source of truth for recent engagement, risks raised, and opportunities surfaced. Then utilization data. Then growth potential, combining Salesforce data with public research. Backstory prices per seat off go-to-market headcount, so the size of a customer’s go-to-market org is the TAM indicator, and the gap between that and current seats is the white space. Then the Jira and gap boards. Then a reconciliation step. Then the scoring model.
A full run takes about 20 minutes, sometimes more.
The version she demoed was not the first one. It took three or four rounds of revalidating how much weight each data point deserved, and she was direct that this is where the human belongs in the workflow.
Two things came out of that iteration.
She started with about eight signals and ended at four scoring buckets: growth potential in the account, AI maturity and the velocity of AI change inside it, engagement level (both the customer’s perception of Backstory and who they were engaged with at what seniority), and current account health. Too many signals produced contradictions between signals, and the narrative got lost.
The more useful finding came out of reconciling adoption against feature requests. The first version treated a high volume of feature requests as negative, docking points on engagement and health on the assumption that a customer asking for a lot is a customer who isn’t happy. The data said the opposite. Their highest-adopting customers correlated strongly with feature request volume, and deep adoption plus a stream of AI-forward requests turned out to be a positive signal.
An error like that survives indefinitely in a hand-built scoring model, because nobody ever runs the model across the full base and checks who ended up where.
The output was four tiers.
Plenty of tiering projects produce an A list and stop there. Kamola named the value of the bottom directly: it forced the company to look at real data and decide whether those customers were ones they believed would grow and stay.
They plan to rerun it quarterly, both to track movement between tiers and to refresh the tier definitions when the movement doesn’t make sense.
The tiering has already changed how the go-to-market team operates:
The framework covers existing customers only, since it leans on utilization, conversation history, and feature gaps. A pre-sales version with different inputs is under consideration.
One detail from the live run: she kicked off the workflow, then realized she’d forgotten to attach the CSV. “That’s what happens when you start moving too fast.” The rerun was still going when the session ended.
Haya Kamola is at haya.kamola@backstory.ai and on LinkedIn.
Founder SaaStr


Email Address



Company



Job Title



Email Address


Get from $0 to $100 Million in ARRwith less stress and more success.
Privacy Policy
Q&A
Blog
Videos
Podcasts
Academy
Ebooks
SaaStr Annual
SaaStr Summit
SaaStr Europa
SaaStr Scale

SaaStr Fund
Company
Contact Us
Sitemap"
99,2026-08-08,"If you owned a Nintendo Entertainment System, you probably remember this ritual by heart: cartridge in, blinking red light, cartridge out, lips to the slot, one hard exhale, cartridge back in, and the game boots. It was the kind of gaming wisdom passed down by older siblings and cousins because it appeared to work often enough to become unquestionable.
I hate to ruin the memory, but blowing into the cartridge never repaired anything. The game may have started afterward, but the useful step was usually removing and reinserting it. Your breath merely took credit while leaving behind moisture that could worsen the contacts over time.
Handheld upgrades left behind a strange surplus of barely used, dirt-cheap SSDs.
 The NES front-loading cartridge slot wasn't the most straightforward engineering choice. Nintendo was introducing the console to a North American market still wary after the 1983 video game crash, so it deliberately avoided presenting the machine as another conventional game system. Its boxy design, covered cartridge bay, and front-loading mechanism made it resemble a VCR or other home entertainment equipment instead.
The redesign also enclosed the cartridge connection. NES designer Masayuki Uemura later explained that Nintendo was concerned about static electricity in the drier North American climate, particularly if children could touch the hardware while inserting a cartridge. The front loader helped keep those connections out of reach.
 The North American redesign paired a 72-contact connector with a tray that pushed the cartridge downward after insertion. Unlike a conventional top-loading slot, the mechanism applied relatively little friction when the cartridge entered, so the contacts didn't receive as much of the light scrubbing action that can remove surface grime. With repeated use, the connector’s spring contacts could also lose pressure or become misaligned, making the electrical connection less reliable even when no obvious dirt was visible.
The 10NES lockout system made those imperfect connections especially noticeable. A corresponding chip inside the cartridge had to communicate successfully with the console before play could begin. When that authentication failed, the NES repeatedly reset itself, producing the familiar blinking power light and flashing screen rather than explaining that the cartridge had made poor contact.
 Blowing became part of the ritual because it happened between two attempts. Players removed a failed cartridge, blew into it, inserted it again, and watched the game start. The breath was the most memorable step, so it received the credit.
The more likely explanation was the second insertion. Removing and reinserting the cartridge changed how its contacts met the connector inside the console. It could seat the board at a slightly different angle, press it against a cleaner section of a contact, or restore enough pressure for the console and cartridge to communicate properly.
Blowing may occasionally have displaced a loose speck of dust, but it wasn't a dependable cleaning method. Nor is there good evidence that moisture from a player’s breath routinely bridged the contacts or reduced resistance long enough to start the game. The NES booted because the cartridge made a better connection on the next attempt, not because the breath had repaired the underlying fault.
This also explains why the ritual felt so convincing. I certainly never tried the important control experiment of removing the cartridge, waiting the same length of time, and reinserting it without blowing. When the game worked after the familiar sequence, the successful attempt reinforced the belief that every step had been necessary.
Cartridge contacts are exposed whenever the Game Pak is removed, making moisture and contamination especially unhelpful.
Although the breath probably wasn't responsible for making the game start, it could still leave something behind. Exhaled air contains moisture and microscopic contaminants rather than pure water. Repeatedly depositing them onto metal contacts can encourage tarnish or corrosion, especially where protective plating has already worn or been damaged.
Nintendo also explicitly warned owners not to blow on Game Pak connectors or allow them to get wet or dirty, as doing so can damage the cartridge or console. Properly caring for retro consoles and games means keeping moisture away from the contacts and using an appropriate cleaner when grime actually needs to be removed.
That doesn't mean every darkened contact or green patch on a surviving cartridge was caused by someone blowing into it. Poor storage, humidity, spills, handling, and ordinary aging can all contribute to corrosion. However, regularly depositing warm moisture onto the contacts of an already unreliable connection certainly didn't improve its chances.
The habit could therefore become self-reinforcing. As the cartridge or connector became less reliable, players blew into it more frequently. Every successful reinsertion strengthened their belief in the ritual, while any moisture or contamination left behind could make future connection problems more likely.
 Nintendo addressed dirty contacts with an official NES Cleaning Kit rather than recommending the method players had already invented. Its later NES-101 redesign also abandoned the original tray mechanism and returned to a conventional top-loading connection closer to the layout used by the Japanese Famicom.
The newer model still accepted the same 72-contact NES cartridges, but it didn't force them through the original front-loading and press-down mechanism. Whatever Nintendo’s broader reasons for the revision, it eliminated one of the original system’s most failure-prone components.
By then, however, blowing into cartridges had escaped the NES and followed Nintendo into later video game generations. The Game Boy arrived in the United States in 1989, followed by the Super Nintendo in 1991 and the Nintendo 64 in 1996. All three used direct cartridge slots rather than the NES’s front-loading tray mechanism.
Those later systems could still suffer from dirty, corroded, or poorly seated contacts. Removing and reinserting a cartridge could therefore make a game work on the second attempt, just as it sometimes had on the NES. The difference was that they didn't share the original NES’s unusually troublesome loading mechanism.
Players blew into those cartridges, anyway. The ritual had become detached from the hardware problem that helped popularize it. Children copied older siblings, friends copied one another, and every successful second attempt seemed to confirm that the breath had worked again.
With all the talk about the latest games consoles, some old consoles stand the test of time. So don't leave them on the shelf.
If the NES has spent years in storage, safely booting an old retro gaming console begins with checking it for dust, corrosion, damaged cables, and other visible deterioration before treating it like a normally functioning system.
For a blinking NES today, power off the console and remove the cartridge. Repair specialists commonly use a lint-free swab lightly moistened with high-purity isopropyl alcohol to clean stubborn contamination from the cartridge contacts, then let them dry completely before testing. If several clean cartridges still fail, the console connector may need deeper cleaning, adjustment, repair, or replacement.
That approach addresses the actual causes, including contamination, corrosion, weak contact pressure, and poor alignment. Removing and reinserting the cartridge may have helped you reach the title screen, but the breath itself was never the fix. It was simply the most theatrical part of trying again.
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved
This space is open for discussion.
Be the first to share your thoughts.

The best of MakeUseOf, directly in your inbox.
By subscribing, you agree to receive newsletter and marketing emails, and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe anytime."
