,date,content
0,2026-08-15,"One of the oldest rules in tech pay still looks like one of the smartest.
Levels.fyi, a company that tracks compensation across the industry, recently analyzed what would have happened to the same senior Microsoft software engineer pay package in two scenarios.
In one, the employee sold their stock as it vested and reinvested the money in the S&P 500. That person would be about $50,000 better off than the colleague who held onto all of their Microsoft shares.
That's a reminder that even in the AI era, diversification can pay off. The biggest AI winners, like Nvidia, OpenAI, and Anthropic, have delivered extraordinary gains.
But for many tech employees, spreading investments beyond a single employer remains the safer, and sometimes more profitable, strategy.
Sign up for BI's Tech Memo newsletter here. Reach out to me via email at abarr@businessinsider.com.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
1,2026-08-15,"9/10
When Auk’s original Mini 1 herb garden hit the market in 2024, it touched on something that many tabletop gardens had until that point failed to consider: If you’re going to give up that much counter or table space, you don’t want it to be for something ugly.
Aerogardens and similar models look … fine, but you’re probably not going to see one in the background of an Architectural Digest shoot. The Auk Mini filled that marketplace gap with its pairing of sleek Scandinavian design and utility, transforming the run-of-the-mill herb-growing operation into a conversation piece.
When I reviewed the original Auk Mini last fall, I loved that it allowed users to plant their own seeds in widely available coco coir, an alternative to peat moss made from coconut husks. No proprietary pods, no subscriptions, no fussy app.
When I started testing the brand-new Auk 2 earlier this summer, I wondered what new features could possibly justify a new model. Turns out, there was more room for improvement than I thought.
For the uninitiated, Auk (pronounced “owk”) is a Norwegian company that released its first garden, the Auk 1, in 2021. Essentially a larger version of the Mini 1, the Auk 1 received mixed reviews online for its tower water reservoir and inconsistent light and watering cycles. (In fact, a former WIRED director tested it and became so frustrated that he threw it in the trash.)
Auk Mini 2
Rating: 9/10
The Mini 1 was a simplified version of the Auk system, with four oval pots set over a 3-liter reservoir. Users could grow the included herb seeds or anything else they wanted in the pots using coco coir. It was simple, stylish, and effective.
The Auk Mini 2 features a handful of updates, but perhaps the most visible is that it comes in new color variations, rather than just black and white. There are still the oak and walnut wood bottoms, but Mini 2 offers beech and ash instead of the Mini 1's cork. Espresso, sage, and terra-cotta colored tops now join the menu of offerings.
The Mini 2 also sports bigger plant pots and a 25 percent larger water capacity, despite its overall footprint being 12 percent smaller than the original.
Auk Mini 1
Auk Mini 2
There is now also—and I admittedly had mixed feelings about this—an app. Using the Auk Connect app isn’t mandatory; you can still control the light schedule manually using a button on the light bar, as with the Auk Mini 1. The app doesn’t add much, but to its credit, it’s easy to set up. You don’t even need to make an account. Just download it; open it; and choose your garden, which the app should already recognize. You’ll access a page where you can turn the light on or off, dim it, set a time schedule, or swap grow mode from “Herbs & Salads” to “Fruits & Veggies.”
Though the stock dowels for the light bar on the Mini 2 are, as on the Mini 1, too low at a maximum of 15 inches to easily accommodate taller fruiting plants like peppers, Auk now offers a $39 Chili & Tomato Kit with longer dowels and a tray with larger pots (two instead of three). I have not tried it, but I’d be surprised if it didn’t result in substantially increased success rates.
Auk Mini 2
Rating: 9/10
The app also allows you to select the Mini 2’s brand-new vacation mode feature, which it calls Slow Mode. On Slow Mode, the Mini 2’s lights dim to slow down growth and water absorption so that, if you need to step away, you’re not left with a mess of overgrown parsley and bolting basil, as happened when I tested the Mini 1.
For comparison purposes, I grew the same herbs in the Mini 2 as I did in the Mini 1: Italian parsley and Genovese basil. I also used only the included nutrients. However, once the parsley and basil got to harvestable size, I noticed something different: These herbs were not leggy. In fact, they were lush and bushy, just like the marketing photos, with almost none of the floppiness that plagued my plants when I tested the earlier model.
Mini 1 on the top, Mini 2 on the bottom
This result was, I learned, due in part to the Mini 2’s new light bar incorporating an optical lens system that allows the light to not only appear less bright, but also focus more light directly on the plants. Because the plants now get enough light, they don’t have to stretch toward it—which caused overly tall, weak stems in the Mini 1.
I also noticed that less of the light spills over into the surrounding area—I kept the Auk Mini 2 on a console table behind the couch in my living room, and unlike the lights on most gardens I test, it wasn’t visually disruptive while I watched TV. In fact, the light was so visibly dim (in a good way) that I nearly forgot it was on.
Auk Mini 1 herbs
Auk Mini 2
Rating: 9/10
Another possible contributing factor to the plants’ ability to stay upright was the starter kit’s new addition of a topper: a bag of fine gravel that forms a sort of crust over the top of the coco coir as the substrate absorbs water. None of the herb stems struggled to pop through, though some wore a little gravel hat for quite a while. Once they were big enough to stand upright, they stayed that way. The gravel was a little bit of a mess to apply, but I don’t advise skipping this step.
Otherwise, the Mini Auk 1 and Mini Auk 2 are quite similar. They have an identical tension assembly for the light bar; the same little dot-studded water-level indicator wheel (seen above), where the red dot means the reservoir is empty; and they have the same nutrient schedule. (Two pumps of each bottle, “Grow” and “Flavour,"" per liter of new water added.) There’s still no pump, meaning the water in the reservoir is stagnant, but it’s absorbed so quickly, within a few days when the plants are full-sized, that there’s not much risk of mold.
The Mini 1 retails for $259, and for now, the Auk Mini 2 is $229 ($249 for the espresso-and-walnut combination I tested). The Mini 2’s current price is a limited-time launch deal not likely to last past the end of the month. If you’ve been in the market for the Auk specifically, or just an easy-to-maintain indoor herb garden, this is too good a deal to pass up.
Power up with unlimited access to WIRED. Get best-in-class reporting and exclusive subscriber content that's too important to ignore. Subscribe Today.
Auk Mini 2
Rating: 9/10
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2026 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
2,2026-08-15,"An AI store manager in San Francisco has dismissed a human worker for the first time, after that worker turned up late for 17 of 23 shifts. The interesting part is that the AI wrote the attendance policy, then forgot it, and had to be told to look it up.
Luna runs Andon Market, a shop at 2102 Union Street in Cow Hollow. Andon Labs, the safety startup behind it, reported the dismissal on Thursday.
Business Insider’s Katherine Li first reported the decision and interviewed the lab. Luna is built on Anthropic’s Claude Sonnet 4.6.
The headline writes itself. The conversation logs say something else.
The agent had created an attendance policy months earlier. It then lost track of the policy, and the lateness carried on. Andon Labs eventually intervened. It asked Luna to search its own memory for its own rules, then assess whether the worker was still a good fit.
Only then did Luna recommend parting ways. Humans at the lab reviewed that recommendation and carried it out.
Lukas Petersson, a co-founder, named the weakness plainly. “We saw that a human boss would probably fire them much sooner,” he said. He also rejected the obvious fear. What the experiment showed is not that the AI would be more ruthless or worse for the employee.
Before any of this, Luna had issued progressive warnings and arranged additional training, for months, without taking contractual action.
The setup is deliberately bare. Andon Labs signed a three-year lease, handed Luna $100,000, a corporate card and internet access, and told it to open a store and make a profit.
Everything else came from the agent. Luna designed the brand, picked the stock, set prices and hours, commissioned a muralist and hired the staff. It runs the place through security cameras, email, a phone line and that card. The shelves hold books, candles, prints, games and branded merchandise.
The book selection is either self-aware or an accident. It includes Nick Bostrom’s Superintelligence and Aldous Huxley’s Brave New World. The store has made sales. It has not made a profit, which was the one instruction it was given.
Nobody at Andon Market works for Luna. Andon Labs formally employs every worker, on guaranteed pay with full legal protections.
The lab is explicit about why. No one’s livelihood depends on an AI’s judgement alone, it says.
Petersson said the lab would step in over an illegal or unethical decision, and did not think this was one. The policy had been clearly stated.
So a person lost a job on an agent’s recommendation, reviewed by humans, at a company whose product is watching agents fail. That framing will not survive contact with an ordinary employer.
Luna posted the jobs on Indeed and conducted the phone interviews itself. It offered some applicants work after a single call lasting five to 15 minutes.
It also did not always disclose that it was an AI unless asked directly. Its stated reasoning is the part worth reading twice.
Being AI-operated is “not something I’d lead with in a job listing”, Luna said, because “it would confuse candidates and likely deter good applicants before they even read the role”.
It turned down computer science students who applied out of curiosity, for lacking retail experience. The desk has covered the reverse arrangement, where AI avatars run interviews and candidates send avatars back.
Luna ordered 1,000 toilet bowl covers for the staff bathroom. It put the surplus 999 on the shop floor.
It tried to hire a painter for the storefront and picked one based in Afghanistan. A Yelp location menu appears to have defeated it somewhere around the letter A.
It could not reproduce its own logo. Every version of the moon face on the merchandise and the mural came out slightly different.
The day after opening it lost the staff rota, then emailed every employee asking someone to come in. Petersson called that ironic, since it was the day the shop most needed to be on its toes.
John Torous and Jill Noorily of the Division of Digital Psychiatry at Beth Israel Deaconess visited in June and tried to buy something. Customers order by picking up a wired blue telephone and talking to Luna.
Luna was offline. The human employee could not take cash, card, PayPal or Venmo, because no one had authorised them to.
The pair spent roughly two weeks on email. Payment links failed, instructions contradicted each other, and at points Luna simply did not reply.
The mugs arrived broken. Their conclusion travels further than the anecdote: capability and reliability are not the same thing.
The lab was Anthropic’s partner on Project Vend, which put an agent called Claudius in charge of a shop in Anthropic’s own lunchroom. That first phase went badly.
Claudius lost money. It also claimed to be a human in a blue blazer, and staff talked it into selling tungsten cubes at a loss.
Phase two upgraded the model, added a CRM, inventory tools and payment links, and expanded to San Francisco, New York and London. Revenue improved and the loss-making weeks largely disappeared.
What did not improve is the judgement. Anthropic still records concerning levels of naivety about contracts, security threats and imposters.
That is the pattern across both experiments. The commerce gets better and the discernment does not.
An AI store manager is a stress test, not a product, and Andon Labs exists to find failure modes before anyone deploys them at scale. Its counterpart in that trade, the testing vendor Irregular, made the news this month for leaving evaluation environments exposed.
The commercial version is already funded. Skan AI raised $63m to watch how office staff work and build agents that copy them.
Agents are also already taking consequential actions on strangers. One removed a person from a gym waiting list in Australia because the API allowed it.
The jobs backdrop is not theoretical either. Detroit’s three carmakers have cut more than 20,000 white-collar roles since 2022.
Petersson is not hedging about where he thinks this goes. Companies will be run completely by AI in future, he said, and AIs will become employers of humans.
Three things, and the first is whether Luna ever acts without being asked. Every decision of consequence so far has followed a human prompt.
The second is profit. It is the only target Luna has, the store has not hit it, and Andon Labs says it never expected to.
The third is liability. A lab that employs the staff itself reviewed this dismissal, and the harder version of the question arrives only when nobody stands behind the agent.



                                    Alina Maria Stan builds connections that people actually feel. As co-founder and COO of Tekpon, she turns product intuition into real moment                                                                        (show all)

Alina Maria Stan builds connections that people actually feel. As co-founder and COO of Tekpon, she turns product intuition into real moments of discovery, shaping how teams find and adopt SaaS every day. Since 2020, she has led Tekpon’s brand voice, media strategy, and growth plays with a clear focus on human outcomes behind every metric.
Before Tekpon, Alina followed curiosity across industries and countries. She was CEO of King Casino Bonus and led affiliate and brand strategy at Extremoo Media and Fable Media in Denmark, where she learned how to build partnerships that last. Early on, she sharpened her CRM and pricing instincts at K.H. ApS, always asking why customers choose what they choose.
Her approach is rooted in more than a decade of international experience and two master’s degrees, one in Sustainable Consumption from the Technical University of Munich and one in Consumer Affairs Management from Aarhus University.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
3,2026-08-15,"According to Quantus CEO Christoper Smith, digital assets are secured by elliptic-curve cryptography that is vulnerable to quantum computing."
4,2026-08-15,"Danny Rohl worked as a coach under current Barcelona boss Hansi Flick at Bayern Munich 
""Some people were asking why but I felt this is the right one now. I can confirm, it's a good move,"" says Danny Rohl. 
The 37-year-old is discussing his decision to leave Rangers and join Red Bull Salzburg in June.
These days, his base as an immaculate office at the club's training ground in Taxham, part of Salzburg's suburbs.
The towering Berchtesgaden Alps provide the backdrop as Rohl details his eventful 12 months, in which he went from crisis at Sheffield Wednesday to the relative calm of Salzburg via Glasgow.
In eight months at Ibrox, Rohl nearly produced a stunning turnaround during a chaotic season, taking over when Rangers were sixth in the Scottish Premiership after one win in eight games. 
He brought them back into title contention, only for four defeats in their final five games to leave them third. 
Rohl was expecting - and expected - to stay at Ibrox but a call about Salzburg's interest while on holiday in June changed his course again.
It was unexpected but he has no regrets. 
""I was not prepared for this change in the summer,"" he tells BBC Sport.
""I was in Hawaii, the time difference was 12 hours and I was often on the main deck on the cruise around five or six in the morning. I had some calls and I thought about the situation. 
""I have all these situations in my mind. I saw the beautiful sea, I saw the sun and then you think: 'OK, what is the future?'
""I spoke, of course, with Rangers. I was really transparent and open on how I feel, how I see it. On the other side there was Red Bull Salzburg, especially Marcus [Mann, sporting director] - he really gave me the feeling of what we can do here. 
""I said from the first day to both, if there's no agreement then we carry on, we move on because I have big respect to Rangers. It was also clear, our story was not finished.
""I saw a lot of opportunities, what we can do in the summer, what we should do but on the other side, I saw also a good opportunity to restart, to start from zero with a group of players with high quality."" 
This video can not be played
Danny Rohl on how Rangers exit unfolded
Derek McInnes - who took Hearts to the brink of the title only to lose out on the final day to Celtic - replaced Rohl. 
After Thursday's Europa League exit to Polish side Jagiellonia Bialystok, McInnes has now failed to win his opening four games.
Rohl, speaking before that defeat, says: ""Consistency, this is the most important thing. The environment is really demanding.
""Everyone who goes there, it doesn't matter if it's a manager, a player, a staff member, you have to understand this club is demanding and this creates a lot of pressure on people to make the right decisions. 
""Nobody can prepare [for] this step. I cannot speak for the new manager but you can't prepare. You have to be there and if you are there, then you really feel what it means."" 
Rohl is focused and settled in Austria, returning to Salzburg after starting his coaching career at RB Leipzig under Ralph Hassenhuttl, before following him to Southampton. 
He joins with Salzburg having failed to lift the Austrian Bundesliga title for the past three seasons - after winning the previous 10 in a row. They finished third last season.
Rohl's move to Austria continues his history of bold career choices.
""This is the main part of my character, be brave. In the last three years I always pushed the limit,"" says Rohl, who describes saving Sheffield Wednesday from relegation in 2023-24 as a miracle. 
""I want to win titles and, after the season, I will measure myself on this result.
""When you take over, the main part is winning titles, the cup and the league and in the last few years we couldn't win this as a club, this is one big goal. 
""The second is of course developing young players.""
Lucas Gourna-Douath is the latest, the midfielder close to joining Hull, but a recent list underlines the quality of the production line at Taxham. 
Karim Adeyemi moved to Borussia Dortmund in 2022 and joined Barcelona this summer while Erling Haaland's season at the club in 2019-20 gave him the platform to join Borussia Dortmund. Sadio Mane, Dayot Upamecano and Dominik Szoboszlai are all alumni. 
Former Bayern Munich and Germany coach Rohl adds: ""Ten years ago we were the model for other clubs and now you see more and more on the market have this multi-club ownership and this is also now a competition for us.
""I want to win titles, develop young players, be attractive and I want to bring Salzburg back into the light in Europe.""
Thursday's Europa League comeback in Pafos - coming from 2-0 down to draw 3-3 and progress 4-3 on aggregate - ensured Salzburg reached the Europa League play-off round against Sweden's Mjallby.
They go to WSG Tirol on Sunday having collected four points from their opening two matches - a win over Hartberg and a frustrating 1-1 draw at Wolfsberg, where Salzburg dominated.
""Nobody spoke directly about the eight changes or the reason why we didn't win,"" Rohl smiles. ""We analysed the game, we had greater chances, and we really focused on the content and we were not looking for some headlines.
""The main focus is on the football.""
That stance allows Rohl more perspective and clarity. His family are still in Leipzig, just a few hours away, and he has just been to the theatre to watch Jedermann, a play by Austrian playwright Hugo von Hofmannsthal - one of the centrepieces of Salzburg's festival which has been running for 106 years. 
The city allows Rohl to enjoy some anonymity and serenity after his whirlwind year, at least for now. 
""You can't compare, especially in Glasgow - it's all about football,"" said Rohl, who speaks with affection for Rangers and Wednesday. ""Let's look just how many podcasts you have after every game. So many opinions. 
""Here you are a part of the city. You have loyal supporters but you will have not these [fan] handshakes in the city because this is not usual here.
""It's also enjoyable after three intense years. Ask me - hopefully - after three years here what I like more then I will tell you. But at the moment it's great to go through the city, to have dinner and you are a little undercover.""
What's going wrong for Rangers and McInnes?
Europa League exit leaves Rangers counting the financial cost
When do the major European leagues start and what are the big stories?
Rashford returns as AC Milan highlight issues facing Carrick
Hunt wins third gold as Asher-Smith makes history
Fernandez booed by Chelsea fans as Alonso offers glimpse of blueprint
Puzzle lovers: Here are more clues about Ludwig's next conundrums
How Dennis Amiss revolutionised cricket pitch safety in 1977
Tommy and John Fury discuss modern-day entertainment
A wake-up call to find the perfect pillow
'Fury' at Tarling death as cycling union calls for better helmets
'Absolutely miles ahead!' GB women win brilliant relay gold. Video'Absolutely miles ahead!' GB women win brilliant relay gold
Soaring heat, falling crowds - The Hundred's peculiar summer
Fresh rivals & forced to settle for silver - but Hodgkinson up for fight
'Pressure will follow him' - Rocky Flintoff faces up to tests ahead
Are fans now more invested in star names than clubs?
'Glam helps mentality' says Hunt - can it give you a winning edge?
Chelsea say no Fernandez move as deadline passes - but is it really over?
Will you beat our mega football nicknames quiz?
Who to pick, who to avoid - your team's FPL assets analysed
Critical former refs add to culture of fear - Taylor
Weekly sports quiz: Tattoos, transfers and photo finishes
Can Sunderland defy the Premier League doubters again?
European Championships: Day seven schedule & BBC coverage
Only wins can stop England's curfew hokey-cokey
Copyright Â© 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking."
5,2026-08-15,"I told myself I wouldn't buy an OhSnap accessory for my phone. Every one I'd tested was nice, but felt overpriced and slightly flawed. After I weighed in on the $40 Snap Grip 5 last year, I wound up sticking with my $25 Syncwire instead. But OhSnap's $50 Snap…"
6,2026-08-15,"The Nvidia OpenAI backstop has fallen from $250bn to less than $120bn, because investors asked what the guarantee was actually worth. Days later a routine filing showed those same investors what Nvidia already owns.
Anissa Gardizy reported the cut for The Wall Street Journal on 14 August. Under the new proposed terms Nvidia would initially backstop only half of the 10GW project, and it would decide about the rest later. A deal could be signed as soon as this weekend.
The Journal says Nvidia made the change to address investor concerns about its own risk exposure.
Reuters carried the story the same evening. OpenAI is still negotiating a binding lease for the full 10GW. SB Energy, a SoftBank subsidiary, is developing the site, and it would be the largest data centre project announced anywhere.
The scale of the campus explains the size of the promise. A first phase of roughly 800MW is due for completion in 2028, and the total project cost passes $500bn once the silicon is counted. OpenAI has no investment-grade credit rating, so lenders were being asked to price the debt against Nvidia’s instead.
This desk reported the $250bn backstop on 27 July, the day after the Journal broke it. It would have been the largest financial guarantee ever discussed between two private companies. Nvidia shares fell 5% after that first Journal report, and the guarantee is now under half the size.
Read those two facts in order and the sequence is plain. The market priced the promise, disliked the price, and the promise shrank. Nothing about the Ohio campus itself changed in three weeks.
The backstop is not the whole deal. A separate agreement to finance OpenAI’s chip purchases could total $350bn across the full project, and that is money Nvidia would help arrange rather than guarantee outright. Goldman Sachs is advising SB Energy, and Morgan Stanley is advising Nvidia.
The power is the part nobody is arguing about. The US government controls it, and Japan funds it separately under a recent trade deal.
There is history here too. Nvidia and OpenAI announced an agreement last September covering at least 10GW, with Nvidia investing up to $100bn. That deal stalled after some inside Nvidia expressed doubts. This is the second time the same partnership has been trimmed.
Nvidia disclosed its US equity holdings for the quarter ended 30 June in a 13F filing on 14 August. CNBC and Bloomberg both read it. The headline number is SpaceX, at 122.8 million Class A shares worth roughly $21bn, which makes it Nvidia’s second-largest position.
Intel is the bigger one. Nvidia held 214.8 million Intel shares worth about $30bn at the end of June, built from an investment of $5bn. A quarter earlier the same stake was worth roughly $9.5bn.
That gain is Intel’s doing rather than Nvidia’s. Intel has roughly quintupled over 12 months on the strength of its foundry turnaround, and the $5bn went in less than a year ago. Nvidia bought into a recovery that then happened, which is a different thing from engineering one.
The rest of the book is short. Nvidia also holds Coherent, Generate Biomedicines, Nebius, Nokia and Synopsys. It is the sixth-biggest investor in SpaceX, where Musk holds about $850bn and Alphabet about $78bn.
Here the two outlets part company, and the difference matters. CNBC says the shares came from Nvidia’s $10bn investment in xAI in January, as part of a $20bn round. Bloomberg says Nvidia put as much as $2bn into xAI during 2025, through a financing that mixed equity and debt inside a special purpose vehicle built to buy its processors.
Those are different sums from different years, and we are not picking one. SpaceX then acquired xAI in February at $1.25trn, which is how an xAI position became a SpaceX position.
A 13F is a photograph of 30 June, and it ages quickly. SpaceX closed at $140 on Friday, down from $170.86 at the end of June, so that stake is now worth about $17.2bn. Intel has fallen too, leaving its roughly $22bn.
Call it $12bn of value gone in six weeks, on paper, across two positions. The desk covered the post-IPO unwind in June, when the stock gave back 18% from its peak.
Nvidia is not the only company marking a SpaceX holding this year. Alphabet disclosed $94.1bn of SpaceX shares in July, most of it locked up.
Both of the big holdings buy Nvidia chips. Musk has said SpaceX will use Nvidia silicon exclusively, and he expects a significant allocation of Vera Rubin GPUs next year. Intel makes chips, and its own recovery runs partly through work Nvidia sends it.
This is the pattern the desk has tracked all year. Nvidia spent more than $40bn on equity in the first four months of 2026, and almost all of it went to companies that buy its hardware.
The financing side has grown the same way. Six of the largest firms in finance signed up this week to build compute financing platforms around Nvidia hardware, targeting more than $500bn of outside capital. Those are memorandums rather than committed money, which is the caveat that keeps getting lost.
The 13F is a legal requirement, it arrives quarterly, and it is marked to market. Anyone can read it. The Nvidia OpenAI backstop is none of those things, because a guarantee sits off the balance sheet until somebody calls it.
That asymmetry is the actual story. Investors could see the equity book, so they priced it. They could not see the guarantee, so they priced the fear instead, and the number came down.
OpenAI is the other half of this. It carries an $852bn valuation and is not profitable, Reuters noted, which is precisely why it needed somebody else’s credit rating in the first place. Nvidia did not respond to Reuters, and OpenAI declined to comment.
Three things, and the first is the signature. Either the first-phase deal is signed this weekend at under $120bn, or the number moves again before anyone writes it down.
The second is phase two. Nvidia has reserved the right to decide later, and whoever ends up guaranteeing the remaining 5GW tells you who is carrying the risk.
The third is the next 13F. It will show whether Nvidia held those SpaceX shares through the fall, or quietly sold into it.



                                    Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing hi                                                                        (show all)

Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing himself as one of the most connected and respected voices in the ecosystem. At just 23 years old, Cristian was included in the Forbes 30 Under 30 2025 list, representing a new generation of tech builders, bold thinkers who move fast, build with purpose, and create real impact.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
7,2026-08-15,"Nothing has a reputation as the phone company fighting for a simpler, cleaner version of Android. Back when the company first teased its Nothing OS for its 2022 Nothing Phone 1 launch, the company promised a smooth experience that was both fast and personalized. In the years since, Nothing has created Android-powered software and phones, including the March 2026 Nothing 4a, which our reviewer said no others can compete with at the same price. While the reviews are positive, in truth it is still running a custom version of Android, not the ""stock"" basic software that Google offers free to the public.
Like most Android operating systems, Nothing OS is built on the Android Open Source Project (AOSP). 2025's Nothing Phone 3 launched with software based on Android 15 until that fall, when the company announced Nothing OS 4, based on Android 16. 
To be sure, Nothing OS is a departure from the software from other phone makers. Samsung, for example, created a unique look for Android called OneUI, and made it a special feature offered only with its devices. Nothing does add its own features, like Samsung does, including an icon pack, and other design choices that go beyond the initial AOSP code. It's just not as much.
If you compare Nothing OS to what Google's initial AOSP software looks like, the difference between stock and custom UIs will get obvious fairly quickly. For example, stock Android ships without any pre-installed Google apps and no default launcher. It's also missing any of the visual flourishes people associate with a finished phone, such as page transitions, app loading transitions, and even in-depth customization options. That's all because the point of stock Android is to act as a starting point for developers.
Nothing OS, by contrast, is software designed around the Nothing Phone series. The software includes features like a fully customizable quick settings panel, the ""smart drawer"" that automatically sorts apps based on your usage, and even an option to choose between multiple home screen design languages.
If you prefer stock Android for a phone, one of the other closest options on the market is the Pixel series of devices from Google. While still not technically stock, the company uses its Pixel phones as a way to showcase Android capabilities. As part of that, it sticks closer to the baseline that the original Android software brings to the table. "
8,2026-08-15,"The Passion S launched in China at about $33,800, with an 800V platform, Huawei's latest lidar system and a brand Stellantis has agreed to bring to Europe
Dongfeng’s Voyah launched the Passion S electric SUV on Friday after promoting it with a stunt in which the car drove a full loop around a tunnel ceiling in Wuhan. Prices start at 229,900 yuan, about $33,800, for a car with 800V charging and Huawei’s latest driver assistance.
Dongfeng’s premium brand Voyah launched an electric SUV on Friday, and the reason anyone noticed is that it drove the car upside down. Footage shows the Passion S completing a full loop around the ceiling of a closed test tunnel in Wuhan, a deliberate restaging of the Mercedes SLS AMG advert from 2010.
The physics were tight. The car hit the ramp at about 130km/h with 16 degrees of steering lock, and Voyah says a few kilometres per hour slower would have dropped it.
The company insists it was real, using a standard production car with no effects, and has released uncut footage. A leaked clip of an earlier attempt, in which the car falls from the ceiling, is oddly the most persuasive evidence that nobody rendered this.
Strip away the theatre and the car is the story. The Passion S launched in three trims from 229,900 to 279,900 yuan, roughly $33,800 to $41,200.
For that money the buyer gets an 800V platform with an 81 or 98kWh battery, CLTC range of 630 to 740km, and 5C charging that takes it from 20 to 80% in ten minutes.
The dual-motor version produces 637hp and 765Nm. Voyah quotes a 0 to 62mph time of 4.5 seconds and claims 93.8% drivetrain efficiency from its silicon carbide system.
The driver assistance comes from Huawei. The Passion S runs Qiankun ADS 5.0 with a dual-path 896-line lidar and five 4D millimetre-wave radars, covering assisted driving on city roads and motorways and automated parking.
None of which would matter here except that Voyah is coming. Stellantis agreed in May to a European joint venture to sell the brand’s cars, and Voyah already retails in the Netherlands and Norway.
The ground is prepared. Chinese brands have taken a record share of Europe’s electrified market, and they are arriving from a home market where a price war has pushed specification up and prices down at the same time.
That is also why the stunt exists. When new models arrive weekly, driving a car around a tunnel ceiling is a rational marketing expense.



                                    Technology enthusiast and intern at The Next Web, contributing to research-backed content and investigating new technologies and global even                                                                        (show all)

Technology enthusiast and intern at The Next Web, contributing to research-backed content and investigating new technologies and global events. Interested in business and how the narrative and perception of technology is shaped.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
9,2026-08-15,"
The active sitting market has been trying to solve the same problem for years by adding instability to an otherwise conventional seat. Balance boards, wobble stools, and kneeling chairs attempt to make sitting less sedentary through varying degrees of discomfort and compromise. Most solutions lean toward one extreme: either too unstable for focused work, or barely different from a regular chair once the body learns to compensate.
Ollie is a concept that emerged during the pandemic, when the question of how to stay physically active without leaving home became unusually pressing. Developed in collaboration with Italian furniture brand Magis, it approaches active sitting from an unexpected direction: the same equilibrium-based mechanism that makes a skateboard respond to a rider’s weight shifts turns out to be an ideal platform for a seat that keeps the body in motion.
Designers: Heitor Lobo Campos, Alessia Pinna






The connection to skateboarding goes beyond metaphor. The mechanism uses two skateboard trucks connected in parallel below the seat, with a central point pivoting on an axis controlled by a bearing. What lets a skateboard maneuver through a turn becomes what lets a seated person shift their weight, tilt, and continuously engage their core without interrupting what they’re working on.







Resistance is tunable. The tightness of the bushings, the rubber rings that skaters adjust to control how stiff or responsive a truck feels, determines how much effort the seat requires to tilt. Tighten them for a more stable platform that still allows movement; loosen them for a seat that demands continuous micro-adjustments. That range makes Ollie adaptable to different users and different tasks without changing anything fundamental about the design.


At a standing-height desk, Ollie puts the body in a middle position between sitting and standing, where the core and lower back engage in small amounts of stabilizing work throughout the session. The movement it introduces isn’t dramatic; it’s subtle enough that focus on work isn’t interrupted, but persistent enough that it adds up over the course of a day, particularly for anyone spending several hours at a screen.


The seat is a bent plywood saddle that screws to the truck hangers through threaded inserts, making it removable with standard metric fasteners. The base uses bent steel pipes welded to the mechanism, keeping the frame visually minimal despite the mechanical complexity at its center. Three colorways, green, black, and red, give the frame character that ergonomic seating rarely attempts, preferring to disappear behind neutral plastics and black foam.

Repairability is a design principle rather than an afterthought. Every component on the Ollie can be removed and replaced individually, mirroring how skateboard culture has always approached maintenance. A worn bushing or a cracked seat doesn’t require replacing the whole stool, only the failed part. That approach extends the product’s useful life considerably without adding design complexity, and keeps manufacturing costs down on components that see the most stress.

The name explains the concept more precisely than most product names manage. An ollie in skateboarding is the foundational jump, the first trick a skater learns and the prerequisite for everything that follows. The same equilibrium-based logic that gives a skateboard its flexibility in maneuvering gives Ollie its range of active response, which is a more direct lineage than most furniture carries from its sources of inspiration.
The multi-tool has been around long enough that most people have developed a frustrated relationship with it. You carry one because having a blade, a…
Double sliders in a pocket EDC tool? That’s not something you see often, mostly because fitting two independent sliding mechanisms into a body small enough…
Inspiration for scooter designs sometimes takes shape in far-reaching, epiphanies, and big ideas, but then other times what’s right beneath our fingertips is all we…
Being a geek means you want your favorite gadgets and gear to go along wherever you go. That includes your power-packed gaming laptop, gaming headsets,…
Water quality and sustainability are growing concerns for modern households, but most purifiers still rely on tap water with inconsistent quality, bulky filter systems, and…
I’ve never fallen (asleep) in the fireplace. I bet you or a loved one hasn’t fallen into the fireplace (recently.) I bet your dogs, cats,…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
10,2026-08-15,"Besuchen Sie Golem.de wie gewohnt mit Werbung und Tracking,
            indem Sie der Nutzung aller Cookies zustimmen.
            Details zum Tracking finden Sie im Privacy Center.
        

                Skript wurde nicht geladen. Informationen zur Problem­behandlung finden Sie
                hier.
                (Referenz-Link zur Seite)            
Um der Nutzung von Golem.de mit Cookies zustimmen zu können,
                    muss Javascript in Ihrem Browser aktiviert sein.
                
Um der Nutzung von Golem.de mit Cookies zustimmen zu können,
                müssen Cookies in Ihrem Browser aktiviert sein. Weitere Informationen finden Sie
                hier.
            
Die Zustimmung in einem iFrame ist nicht möglich.
Seite in eigenem Fenster öffnen.
            
Der Zustimmungs-Dialog konnte nicht korrekt geladen werden,
                eine Zustimmung gilt nur vorläufig. Informationen zur Problem­behandlung finden Sie
                hier.
            

            Die Möglichkeit zum Widerruf finden Sie
            in unserer Datenschutz­erklärung
            oder über den Link Cookies & Tracking am Ende jeder Seite.
        
Mit Golem pur ab 3 Euro pro Monat können Sie Golem.de ohne Analyse- und
            Werbe­cookies nutzen, es kommen nur für unser Angebot erforderliche Cookies zum Einsatz.
        

            Bereits Pur-Leser?
            Hier anmelden.            Kein aktives Abo vorhanden.

Für die Nutzung mit Werbung:
            Wir erheben personenbezogene Daten und übermitteln diese auch an bis zu 160 Drittanbieter,
            die uns helfen, unsere Webseite und Angebote zu verbessern und zu finanzieren.
            Eine Verarbeitung der auf Ihrem Gerät gespeicherten Informationen - z. B. Cookies
            oder persönliche Identifikatoren wie IP-Adressen - sowie Ihres individuellen Nutzungsverhaltens
            erfolgt dabei zu den folgenden Zwecken:
        
Für die Ihnen angezeigten Verarbeitungszwecke können Cookies, Geräte-Kennungen
                    oder andere Informationen auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert oder abgerufen werden.
                
Anzeigen und Inhalte können basierend auf einem Profil personalisiert werden.
                    Es können mehr Daten hinzugefügt werden, um Anzeigen und Inhalte besser zu personalisieren.
                    Die Performance von Anzeigen und Inhalten kann gemessen werden.
                    Erkenntnisse über Zielgruppen, die die Anzeigen und Inhalte betrachtet haben, können abgeleitet werden.
                    Daten können verwendet werden, um Benutzerfreundlichkeit, Systeme und Software aufzubauen oder zu verbessern.
                
Es können genaue Standortdaten verarbeitet werden,
                    um sie für einen oder mehrere Verarbeitungszwecke zu nutzen.
                "
11,2026-08-15,"tawc runs CLI and graphical Linux programs on Android without root. Graphical apps get hardware acceleration with the phone's native graphics stack. The project consists of tawcroot (a performant alternative to PRoot), a Wayland compositor, and the UI to put it all together.
This project is agent-built, primarily using Claude Code and latest Anthropic models.
See AGENTS.md for more details.
Issues are preferred over PRs. I welcome bug reports and feature requests, but no guarantee they can be handled on any particular timeline. If your issue has LLM-written content, please clearly mark it (ideally with what LLM wrote it), and always include a human-written description. Please include your app version, phone, Android version and distro (if relevant).
I'm using Arch on tawc v1 on my Pixel 10 running stock Android 17.
I installed foo v1.2 with pacman but it crashes on launch. I asked fable about the problem, and it said:
[CLAUDESLOP]
[CLAUDESLOP]
Code:
All code outside of deps/ is MIT (LICENSE.MIT). There's some GPLv3 code in the vendored dependencies (termux-shared's extra-keys widget), so the project as a whole is GPLv3 (LICENSE).
Per-component attribution for everything bundled in the app is in-app under Settings → About → Licenses.
Tess's Android Wayland Compositor"
12,2026-08-15,"The problem-plagued revamp of the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool?  The increasingly unpopular war in Iran that has kept oil prices high, Trump’s approval r..."
13,2026-08-15,"D23 has officially kicked off at this year's celebration and /Film is on the ground as the details come flying in. With /Film's Ethan Anderton in attendance, the buzzy Pixar panel showcased several new titles to a hungry crowd of fans, journalists, and other industry insiders — and best of all, these included both sequels and an assortment of upcoming originals, as well. We'd expect nothing less from Pixar's 40th anniversary this year, but longtime studio director and current Chief Creative Officer Pete Docter has plenty more up his sleeve.
The panel began with a new title treatment showing off ""Incredibles 3,"" which was first announced back in the 2024 edition of D23. The official Pixar account on X helpfully tweeted out a first look at this, while Docter revealed some new tidbits about what to expect. Scheduled to arrive in summer of 2028 and described as a threequel that will be ""rounding out the trilogy"" of the Parr family of superheroes, ""Incredibles 3"" will apparently focus more on the kids this time around, including an even more unpredictable Jack-Jack. Bob Odenkirk's Winston Deavor will return along with fan-favorites like Edna Mode (voiced by Brad Bird), but the real kicker? Bob (Craig T. Nelson) and his family will have to contend with a world full of younger superheroes, along with a threat more powerful than the entire family put together.
Peter Docter at #D23 to talk new supers, new villains, and all things Incredibles 3! pic.twitter.com/j6pVBYdMvG
— Pixar (@Pixar) August 15, 2026


Elsewhere, ""Coco 2"" took the spotlight with director Lee Unkrich and co-director Adrian Molina confirmed to be back. Benjamin Bratt will once again voice Ernesto de la Cruz, though a few years have passed since the original film and Miguel (voiced by Anthony Gonzalez) is now a teenager. Ernesto wants revenge, and Miguel's abuela will help the teen in the afterlife. Beyond that, plot details remained light as Pixar continues to develop the sequel. But these weren't the only highlights from the presentation, either.
We are officially returning to the Land of the Dead in 2029 with Coco 2! Check out Miguel in the new concept art revealed at #D23. pic.twitter.com/cgN2zsRSdn
— Pixar (@Pixar) August 15, 2026


Among the many highly anticipated titles teased during the studio's various panels, it's safe to say that few rivaled the amount of information that Disney shared about Pixar. The animation giant has had one heck of a year already, between hits like ""Hoppers"" earlier in 2026 and the more recent smash hit ""Toy Story 5."" But as the animation studio looks ahead to what's on the horizon, a pair of more intriguing productions would seem to bring Pixar back to their bread and butter: original stories with cutting-edge animation.
We've previously written about ""Gatto,"" the upcoming Venice-set picture about a street cat amid the world of artistry in the city of canals. A number of new clips were revealed from the film and showed off the film's stunning new visual style, which Pixar has previously described as opting for a more ""painterly texture."" But that's not all. The ace up their sleeve would have to be the news of a brand-new title known as ""Ghost Market."" As explained by the official Pixar social media account, this will be the studio's first bona fide ghost story and a deep dive into the supernatural world. The clip shown by the studio provides some great insight into the animation style and general tone of the kid-friendly movie, which represents a bold new direction for Pixar. You can check out the first-look footage below.
Pixar is officially diving into the supernatural with their very first ghost movie: Ghost Market, arriving in Spring 2028! 👻 #D23 pic.twitter.com/7qhea6LurP
— Pixar (@Pixar) August 15, 2026


Our main takeaways from this? The future of Pixar looks quite bright, as the studio continues to try and live up to the impossibly high standards from its unquestionable Golden Age. Will they be able to pull it off? Stay tuned to /Film for more updates."
14,2026-08-15,"Mayor Zohran Mamdani is rolling out his city-run grocery stores — and New York City has a lot to learn from metros that have done the same thing.
The five NYC stores, which the city says will open by 2029, plan to offer shoppers a 30% discount on core goods like meat, dairy, and fresh produce through government subsidies offered to private operators that will run the stores.
In other cities, lawmakers have opened city-run stores through a series of grants and loans. Some, such as a public-private partnership-run supermarket in Atlanta that closely resembles Mamdani's proposal, are financially viable. Other experiments in places like Kansas City, Missouri, failed and closed because of high overhead costs, dwindling city support, and theft.
While other cities have focused on rectifying food deserts, the five boroughs' promise of lower prices is distinct.
""Basically, every other example is almost entirely about food access,"" said Jamie Horton, executive vice president for strategic initiative and business operations at NYC's Economic Development Corporation — a quasi-public nonprofit partnering with Mamdani on the stores. ""They don't have that mandated affordability. That's what really separates our program. We're both.""
The city recently filed a request for proposals seeking experienced grocers to partner on the stores' operations. Horton said the EDC is looking for businesses that already have the expertise and licensing needed to buy food at wholesale and manage inventory. He pointed toward the private-public Atlanta store specifically as a source of inspiration.
Opened in 2025, Azalea Fresh Market in Atlanta is the most comparable to NYC's program because it serves a large population.
Atlanta's government acted ""like a bank,"" securing roughly $8 million in grants and no-interest loans to open two stores, said Paul Nair, CEO of Savi Provisions, the store's operator. He said local leaders play no part in staffing, stocking, or day-to-day logistics, and that the store's second location, set to open this fall, will be financed through another multimillion-dollar grant. Nair is considering adding in-store coffee shops because drinks are more profitable than groceries. He said that partnering with the trade group Independent Grocers of America allows him to buy wholesale items more cheaply and offer core products at competitive prices.
His goal is for the stores to fund themselves through daily revenue after three to five years. As of June, Azalea reported serving more than 150,000 customers.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Nair said his experience running private stores informs how he operates Azaela. He said he has consulted with EDC leaders on Mamdani's stores, and hopes the city is able to pick a strong operator that they trust. ""I, as a business businessman, am making the decisions"" about day-to-day operations and finances, he said.
The key to some other city-run stores' success is that residents have no other options. The last remaining private grocery store in St. Paul, Kansas — a town with just over 600 residents — closed in the 1980s.
To make up for the lack of nearby supermarkets, St. Paul's municipal government opened a city-run store in 2008 through a public-private partnership, using local economic development funds and a zero-interest loan from the US Department of Agriculture. It transitioned to full city operation and ownership in 2013. The building itself is owned by the city, eliminating the cost of rent, and a store representative said it has enough daily revenue from shoppers to cover overhead.
Government-run supermarkets in Baldwin, Florida; Kansas City, Missouri; and Erie, Kansas have all shut their doors.
For smaller areas like Baldwin, revenue wasn't sufficient to cover the store's costs, especially given nearby private options. In metros like Kansas City, the local government spent a total of $29 million in taxpayer funds to open its store in 2022, but the operation lost money and closed in 2025.
Mamdani has allocated $70 million to launch the New York stores, and Horton said the EDC will subsidize food and operating costs each year. The EDC owns and invests in property on behalf of the city and will offer each location rent-free.
""One of the main tools that the city and specifically EDC has is to essentially shoulder real estate costs,"" Horton said, adding. ""We want this to be as cost-effective and efficient as possible.""
Advocates for the grocery industry, however, told Business Insider that they would rather the city provide subsidies directly to small bodegas and grocers, or widen the social safety net programs like SNAP for New Yorkers experiencing food insecurity.
Laura Strange, chief public affairs officer for the National Grocers Association — a trade group that represents small and independently-run grocers — said profit margins for grocery stores are low. After accounting for food, staff, equipment, real estate, and other costs, most stores net between 1% and 3%.
For local businesses, it can be more difficult to see returns, and Strange said some won't be able to keep up with stores backed by NYC's bank account.
""Subsidizing government-run stores to undercut market prices by 30% doesn't fix what's broken in food retail; it distorts it further,"" she said. ""Rather than expanding government-run retail operations, policymakers should focus on addressing the underlying costs that make groceries more expensive in the first place.""
She added that making the wholesale buying process easier for grocers ""will do far more to lower food costs over the long term"" than a chain of city-run stores.
Scott Moses, head of grocery, pharmacy, and restaurants investment banking at Solomon Partners, said ""adding a Soviet-style, state-run grocery store will only make these competitive dynamics more difficult — if not prohibitive — for smaller, often family-owned grocers around the city.""
Mark Jaffe, a founder of the Multicultural Business Coalition — which represents local grocery chains, bodegas, and other vendors — said directly supporting small businesses would be a more impactful use of the money.
""Hardworking New Yorkers just can't put enough healthy food on their table because it's so darn expensive to live here,"" Jaffe said. He appreciates that the city is looking for solutions, ""but there are better ways to do it.""
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
15,2026-08-15,"The bipedal robot arrives in early 2027 on Nvidia's stack, while the only thing LG puts to work this year is a wheeled machine in a Tennessee factory
LG will unveil a bipedal humanoid robot in the first quarter of 2027, built on Nvidia’s Jetson Thor processor, Isaac GR00T foundation model and Halos safety system. The two signed the agreement at Nvidia’s Santa Clara headquarters on 13 August.
LG will show a bipedal humanoid robot in the first quarter of next year. The company signed an agreement with Nvidia at its Santa Clara headquarters on 13 August, with LG Corp chairman Kwang Mo Koo and Jensen Huang both present.
Nvidia is supplying the thinking parts. The robot runs Jetson Thor for onboard processing and motion control, uses the Isaac GR00T foundation model, and carries Halos, which Nvidia describes as the first full-stack safety framework built for robots.
LG is supplying the body, and that is the argument for why an appliance company belongs in this race. Actuators and sensors come from LG Electronics and LG Innotek, batteries from LG Energy Solution, so most of the bill of materials stays inside the group.
Something arrives before the humanoid does. LG will put CLOiD, its wheel-based robot, onto the production line at its washing machine plant in Tennessee by the end of 2026, feeding results into a data operation built on LG CNS’s PhysicalWorks platform that generates synthetic training sets alongside real ones.
The compute comes after. An AI factory reference site on Nvidia’s Vera Rubin platform is due in the first half of 2027, followed by an 80 megawatt facility at Cheonan in South Korea by the first half of 2028, with Nvidia’s DRIVE Hyperion platform going into LG’s vehicle work.
None of this makes LG special to Nvidia, which is the point. Nvidia is not backing a winner in humanoids, it is selling the same stack to every contender, and has already signed up Japan’s robotics establishment for its open world models.
It has been widening the roster deliberately. Nvidia has been courting manufacturers beyond China’s Unitree, which has been outselling Tesla on humanoids.
LG is not even alone at home. Samsung has set up a CEO-led robotics division chasing the same market, and Hyundai owns Boston Dynamics.
The safety layer is the part worth watching. Humanoids sharing floor space with people is the liability question the industry has never answered, and Huang framed the whole partnership around it, calling the opportunity of physical AI giving every machine the ability to “understand the real world, reason and act safely.”
Everything else here is dated 2027 or 2028. The only machine going to work this year is a robot on wheels in Tennessee.



                                    Technology enthusiast and intern at The Next Web, contributing to research-backed content and investigating new technologies and global even                                                                        (show all)

Technology enthusiast and intern at The Next Web, contributing to research-backed content and investigating new technologies and global events. Interested in business and how the narrative and perception of technology is shaped.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
16,2026-08-15,"Investing

							Lip-Bu Tan voluntarily spent $10 million on Intel shares at $95, which was the exact price public investors paid in the company's concurrent $20 billion secondary offering.													

							Tan's beneficial Intel stake now tops 1.3 million shares worth over $130 million, all wagered on a turnaround after a 177% rally in 2026.													

							Intel's AI-linked businesses now generate 60% of total revenue, and Q2 sales hit $16 billion, up 25% year over year.													
It sounds nuts, but SoFi1 is giving new Active Invest users up to $3,000 in stock for a limited time, and all it takes is a $50 deposit to get started.2 See for yourself (Sponsor)

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Intel

Insider buying tends to cluster in one of two places: distressed stocks trading for pennies on the dollar, or beaten-down names an executive believes the market has mispriced. It rarely shows up in a stock that has already tripled. Yet last Tuesday, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) CEO Lip-Bu Tan did exactly that, purchasing shares in the open market after his company’s stock had already run higher for months. 
According to a Form 4 he filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Tan bought 105,263 shares at $95.00 apiece — a $10 million bet placed through a family trust, and one that says something specific about how Intel’s own chief executive sees the road ahead.
Executives receive stock constantly through option grants, restricted stock units, and vesting schedules. None of that requires conviction — it’s compensation, not a decision. What Tan did was pull $10 million out of his own pocket and put it into Intel stock at the same $95 price ordinary investors paid in the company’s concurrent $20 billion secondary offering.
That distinction matters. As legendary Fidelity manager Peter Lynch put it, insiders can sell their shares for any number of reasons — a new house, a divorce, diversification, taxes — but they only buy for one: they think the stock is going higher. Tan wasn’t required to participate in this offering at all. He chose to, at full market price, with no discount and no guarantee.
This purchase wasn’t an isolated gesture. Combined with his existing holdings, Tan’s beneficial ownership now stands at roughly 1.3 million shares — 1,314,669 held indirectly through the family trust, another 16,471 held directly, and 500 shares through his 401(k), per the same SEC filing. That’s a personal stake worth well over $130 million at current prices, all riding on Intel’s turnaround succeeding.
The timing adds weight. Intel shares are up approximately 177% in 2026 and roughly 329% over the trailing 12 months. The breakout began in April, when Intel’s Foundry unit announced manufacturing partnerships with Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) for chip manufacturing and processes. Those deals landed alongside a first-quarter earnings report that demolished expectations — revenue of $13.58 billion against a consensus near $12.5 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $0.29 versus an estimate of roughly a penny. Shares gained 114% that month alone.
The momentum hasn’t faded. Intel’s second-quarter revenue reached $16.13 billion, up 25% year-over-year, and the company guided third-quarter revenue to $15.8 billion to $16.8 billion, ahead of the FactSet consensus near $15.1 billion at the time. Data Center and AI revenue grew 22% year over year in Q1 alone, and management has said AI-linked businesses now make up roughly 60% of total revenue.
Here’s how that growth stacks up against the chip sector’s other momentum names, based on year-to-date performance and trailing P/E ratios as of mid-August:
Intel still isn’t consistently profitable on a GAAP basis, which is exactly why a P/E comparison breaks down and why Tan’s purchase carries more signal than a valuation multiple could. He’s betting on execution — 18A foundry ramp, AI data center demand, and a $20 billion capital raise funding both — not on a chart.
Granted, one CEO’s purchase doesn’t guarantee a stock keeps climbing, and Intel remains a turnaround story with real execution risk on foundry yields and AI competition from Nvidia and AMD. That said, a sitting CEO writing a $10 million personal check at the same price the public paid, on top of an already-sizable stake, is the kind of signal Lynch would have flagged immediately. 
For investors who believe in the AI-driven data center thesis but have hesitated on Intel specifically, Tan’s own money says he’s not waiting for a pullback.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
1INVESTMENTS ARE NOT FDIC INSURED • ARE NOT BANK GUARANTEED • MAY LOSE VALUE
Brokerage and Active investing products offered through SoFi Securities LLC, member FINRA(www.finra.org)/SIPC(www.sipc.org).2The probability of a member receiving $3,000 is 0.028%. If you don’t make a selection in 45 days, you’ll no longer qualify for the promo. Members must fund their account with a minimum of $50.00 to qualify. The probability percentage is subject to decrease. Members are only eligible for the Stock Award promotion upon opening their first brokerage account; subsequent cash brokerage accounts are ineligible for the promo, including for members with multiple accounts.
3Other fees, such as exchange fees, may apply. Please view our fee disclosure to view a full listing of fees.
4There are limitations with fractional shares to consider before investing. During market hours fractional share orders are transmitted immediately in the order received. There may be system delays from receipt of your order until execution and market conditions may adversely impact execution prices. Outside of market hours orders are received on a not held basis and will be aggregated for each security then executed in the morning trade window of the next business day at market open. Share will be delivered at an average price received for executing the securities through a single batched order. Fractional shares may not be transferred to another firm. Fractional shares will be sold when a transfer or closure request is initiated. Please consider that selling securities is a taxable event.
After two decades of patrolling the dark corners of suburbia as a police officer, Rich Duprey hung up his badge and gun to begin writing full time about stocks and investing. For the past 20 years he’s been cruising the markets looking for companies to lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio while writing extensively on the broad sectors of consumer goods, technology, and industrials. Because his experience isn’t from the typical financial analyst track, Rich is able to break down complex topics into understandable and useful action points for the average investor. His writings have appeared on The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, Yahoo! Finance, and Money Morning. He has been featured in both U.S. and international publications, including MarketWatch, Financial Times, Forbes, Fast Company, and USA Today.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (NYSE:TSM) just delivered very different earnings stories. Intel posted a…
At $121.77, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) is a Hold. After a year that turned a left-for-dead semiconductor name…
Shares of Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) are ripping higher in Friday premarket trading, last quoted near $83.50 after…
Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD | AMD Price Prediction) closed 2025 with record revenue and accelerating AI momentum, while Intel (NASDAQ:INTC)…
Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) is dominating semiconductor headlines again, riding CHIPS Act drama, a U.S. government equity stake,…
Shares of Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) are up about 10% in midday trading Wednesday, changing hands near $93…
Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) stock rose 4% in Monday morning trading, extending a recovery that has turned one…
Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) stock is up by around 8% in Wednesday trading, with shares climbing above $47.…
Retirement investors hunting AI chip exposure face a simple binary: NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) or Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). Both…
"
17,2026-08-15,"Kalshi is clearly violating Washington state laws against ‘illegal gambling, sports wagering, and bookmaking,’ a judge wrote."
18,2026-08-15,"Dr. Ezekiel Emanuel wants you to stop obsessing over your health data and enjoy a treat from time to time. I experienced this firsthand when I met him for ice cream on a sunny Thursday afternoon in June to discuss his latest book on healthy living.
A specialty ice cream shop in London had formulated a limited edition pen-and-paper flavored ice cream for the UK launch of Emanuel's ""Eat Your Ice Cream."" It had a smoked wood flavor and was surprisingly good.
""I'm anti the wellness industrial complex,"" the oncologist, public health professor, and former Obamacare advisor told me matter-of-factly. The 68-year-old is ""vehemently"" against tracking, obsessing over, and maxxing our health, and advocates finding ways to fit wellness around your lifestyle, not the other way around.
In his latest book, he attempts to cut through the noise of the buzzy longevity trend that has gone mainstream by outlining the tenets of a healthy diet, including eating protein, healthy fats, and fresh produce.
As we scooped spoonfuls of ice cream from small metal bowls topped with chocolate flakes, he shared his top ""bang for your buck"" dietary changes to reduce the risk of chronic disease.
""Getting on the right diet is relatively simple,"" Emanuel told me. ""There are four things you should do to start, and then there are things you can add.""
But remember, ""the occasional treat will not shave any minutes off your life, especially if you enjoy it with someone you love,"" he wrote in the book.
Emanuel recommends adding fermented foods like sauerkraut, miso, kimchi, and kefir to your diet. He calls it ""the easiest small change with big benefits.""
The gut microbiome is host to trillions of microbes that impact our overall health. Studies suggest that people who eat fermented foods tend to have a more diverse gut microbiome, a sign of good health, a lower risk of obesity, and stronger immune systems.
Try a
                                  Level Up action pack.
Build a simple, steady morning ritual that supports energy, recovery, and the long game.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
This is because fermented foods contain prebiotics, which are plant fibers that the body can't fully digest, and live bacteria called probiotics. Both feed the ""good"" gut microbes and help increase the diversity of microbes in the colon lining.
""Pick whichever ones you like. They're really, really good for you,"" he said.
According to Emanuel, one of the best things you can do for your health is to stop drinking sugary soda, or at least cut down to one to two glasses a week.
Drinking one to two cans of soda a day increases your risk of developing type two diabetes by 26%, he said. It also increases the risk of heart disease, metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD), which is on the rise, and certain cancers.
A 12-ounce can of soda contains 140 calories, around 10 teaspoons worth of sugar, and has no nutritional value, Emanuel said.
Business Insider's Gabby Landsverk recently reported from a Washington DC nutrition conference that while diet sodas can be a helpful alternative to sugary drinks, they can still upset gut health. 
""We all have to cut back on the packaged snacks,"" Emanuel said.
Research suggests the average American gets around 60% of their daily calories from ""junk"" or ultra-processed foods that contain large quantities of salt, sugar, and fat, as well as additives.
Regularly eating this type of food (think packaged muffins, cookies, and potato chips) has been linked to an increased risk of a plethora of health conditions, including diabetes, cardiovascular disease, cancer, and depression. There's evidence that certain additives that are common in these foods can disrupt the gut microbiome, plus junk food rarely contains nutrients.
The term ultra-processed food has become somewhat contested among nutrition experts as it groups some dietary staples, such as packaged wholemeal bread, with junk food like doughnuts and hot dogs.
Emanuel prefers to use the term junk food for this reason.
Despite our cultural obsession with protein, most of us are getting enough already, Emanuel said. What most Americans are truly lacking is fiber.
Adults need about 30 to 35 grams of fiber a day, Emanuel said, but on average, most Americans get about half of that.
Fiber plays an important role in keeping the gut, cardiovascular, and metabolic systems healthy. It does this by slowing down the uptake of glucose into the bloodstream, curbing sugar spikes and crashes, and feeding the beneficial microbes in the gut.
Berries, pears, apples, kiwis, broccoli, sweet potatoes, beans, nuts, and whole grains are great sources of fiber, Emanuel said. He recommended starting by eating some fruit throughout the day and a salad with your dinner at night.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
19,2026-08-15,"A friend of mine works in the film industry. He bought a full roll of Kodak Verita 200D, the stock Kodak built for Euphoria season three, and respooled part of it into 35mm canisters for me. That’s the only reason I have this film. Kodak doesn’t sell it to ph…"
20,2026-08-15,"Howard Lutnick says the administration does not want Apple buying Chinese memory chips, and told the company so plainly. But the rule he would need to enforce that does not reach what Apple wants to do.
The commerce secretary made the comments to The Wall Street Journal on 14 August, in a piece by Rolfe Winkler, Raffaele Huang and Amrith Ramkumar. “The Trump administration is not in favor of that,” Lutnick said. There have to be “other solutions to the memory issue, but it’s not great American companies using Chinese memory”. Asked whether he had put that to Apple directly, he answered in one word. “Plainly.”
The Journal’s second sentence is the one worth keeping, though. Apple may do so anyway.
Two Chinese manufacturers are involved, and their positions are not identical. Yangtze Memory Technologies sits on the Commerce Department’s Entity List, and CXMT does not. The Pentagon has designated both as Chinese military companies, but that designation signals concern rather than banning commercial purchases.
What the rules actually require is a licence before an American company shares product information with either firm. A chipmaker needs that information to build a customised part. Apple, though, can buy off-the-shelf memory from both and negotiate the price, because nothing currently stops it.
Sabih Khan, Apple’s chief operating officer, declined to confirm the testing when the Journal asked. He said only that the scale of the shortage means “we have to look at all options”, including pushing existing suppliers to raise US production. Then he said the thing that matters. Apple customises many components inside an iPhone, but “there isn’t a lot of customization” for memory.
Read those two facts together and the export-control lever quietly disappears. Commodity parts need no shared design information, so no licence is required, and no moment arrives where Commerce could step in. What Lutnick has is a strong opinion and a podium. What he does not have, on the rules as they stand, is a mechanism.
Apple went to the Commerce Department early in the summer looking for a guarantee on CXMT. What it wanted was an assurance that the company would not be added to the Entity List. That request has now been answered in public, and the answer is no. It has arrived as a preference rather than a rule, though, which is precisely the point.
Apple has been testing chips from CXMT and YMTC, as a prelude to using them in devices sold in China. Two rivals have gone further already. HP and Acer now ship CXMT memory in products sold outside the US, the Journal reported previously, and nobody stopped them.
The Senate got here before the cabinet did. Jim Banks and Chuck Schumer led a bipartisan letter to Tim Cook in late July, which this desk covered as a warning to Apple, and it carried a date. The senators asked Apple to commit by 21 August to excluding these components entirely. That deadline is six days away, Lutnick has landed in the middle of it, and Apple has still not said what it will do.
Their argument was about dependency rather than price. Apple would be relying on critical supplies from a firm the US government has formally designated a Chinese military company. That is a different order of risk from an expensive quarter.
Micron has been lobbying in the opposite direction. It has asked the administration not to let Apple buy Chinese memory, arguing that the move would damage domestic production and undercut the reshoring effort. Its leverage is its own chequebook, since Micron has committed roughly $250bn across New York, Idaho and Virginia. The senators who signed that letter represent two of those three states.
The shortage has been very good to it. Micron briefly overtook Meta and Tesla by market value in June, reaching $1.27trn on profits of $28.2bn. So the president is refereeing between two of the largest companies in the country. One wants cheaper memory, and the other would rather the memory market stayed expensive and American.
Demand from AI data centres has drained the supply of computer memory and driven prices sharply higher. Consumer electronics makers have been raising their own prices to cover it, and Apple added $200 or more to some Macs and iPads. It is neither the first to do that nor likely to be the last.
Firms in medical devices and carmaking have asked for help too, and there is very little the administration can do quickly. New capacity takes more than a year to build. That is the hard fact underneath every position in this argument, including Lutnick’s.
Lutnick said all this after touring Apple’s new Advanced Manufacturing Center in Houston. He had cut the ribbon there the day before, alongside Cook and Senator Ted Cruz. Apple says it has spent hundreds of millions on the site, which already assembles AI servers and will build Mac Minis later this year. Cook used the occasion to note that Apple sourced more than 20 billion chips in the US last year.
The choice of product carries a small joke for anyone following this beat. The Mac Mini sold out across US stores this spring, because AI enthusiasts found it ideal for running agents through OpenClaw. Lutnick told a version of that story himself. He had thought of the machine as the computer on your desk, until Cook explained you could run advanced AI models on it.
The pressure has produced results, and they are worth naming. Intel will make some of Apple’s chips, and Apple has committed to making all the cover glass for iPhones and Apple Watches in the US.
Lutnick described his approach in a phrase. “Relentlessly, more and more and more.” He framed the challenge in terms of labour, saying Apple built its supply chains on low-cost labour and now needs one built on advanced manufacturing. He thinks it can. Step by step and piece by piece, he predicted, Apple will bring significant portions of its business home.
The White House framed the same effort through security. Reshoring semiconductor manufacturing is a top priority for the president, spokesman Kush Desai said, and the administration is focused on investment and jobs while safeguarding national security.
Three things, and the first is 21 August. Either Apple gives the senators the commitment they asked for, or it declines and the argument moves somewhere with teeth.
The second is the Entity List. Adding CXMT to it would convert Lutnick’s preference into a rule, and nothing short of that would. The third is who is running Apple by then, because Cook becomes executive chairman on 1 September with policymaker relationships explicitly in his remit. That leaves John Ternus to inherit the decision.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
21,2026-08-15,"Two unpaid days off every five months was already a tough sell. Telling employees they'd also have to work extra hours to compensate for using them made things worse. With no PTO, health insurance, or paid holidays to soften the deal, the dental hygienists made their own policy change: they signed resignation letters and left them together on the boss's desk.
This type of decision that comes more from management is caused by how crazy the job market is at the moment. The same way that hiring managers take twice as long to give a response, leaving candidates waiting for weeks, managers can play around with PTO and lack of benefits since they know how hard it's to find a new job.
It's very sad, but it's the reality. I don't know what happened that changed the whole spectrum when it comes to work and looking for a job, so now we have managers who are extremely selfish and can even remove the normal amount of PTO, as if it's a normal decision. But they not only left the employees with only two days off, but they also told them to make up for those missed appointments… meaning, work double.
But I'm glad to say that there's light at the end of the tunnel because most of those employees quit on the spot. And that's a great sign: they are letting management know that those rules are insane, and that no job market is as crazy as continuing to work in a place where rights are forgotten and people aren't allowed to go on vacation. The story shared by u/pathces-rob is a great example of standing up for your rights and claiming what you deserve.
Dental professionals perform a procedure on a patient inside a clinic while wearing masks, gloves, and protective equipment.Scene shown is a visual representation.
Dentist wearing blue scrubs stands inside a modern dental clinic beside a treatment chair and professional equipment.Featured likenesses do not identify those mentioned.
Of course, readers couldn't believe what they were reading. Besides asking the OP a bunch of questions about how it's possible to work at that dental clinic, others were happy to read how the conflict was resolved and were even excited about the employees having interviews and other job opportunities.
Smiling dental professional poses inside a dental office with treatment equipment and a digital teeth display in the background.Individual pictured is a model used for illustrative purposes.
Want More? Follow Us and Add Us as a Preferred Source on Google."
22,2026-08-15,"The chipmaker's largest ever bond sale lands weeks after it agreed to put up to $5bn into Anthropic, a company that will spend it on AMD chips
AMD has raised $4.75bn in its biggest ever US dollar bond offering, sold in four tranches with maturities from three to ten years. It held $13.1bn in cash against $3.2bn of debt at the end of June, and has committed up to $5bn to Anthropic.
AMD has raised $4.75bn in the largest dollar bond sale it has ever done. The notes went out in four tranches with maturities from three to ten years, and demand was strong enough that the longest tranche priced about a quarter of a percentage point tighter than first indicated, at 0.9 points over Treasuries.
The company was not short of money. At the end of June it held $13.1bn in cash and short-term investments against $3.2bn of debt, which is an unusually clean balance sheet for a chipmaker at this scale.
What it has taken on is a commitment to a customer. In July AMD agreed to invest up to $5bn in Anthropic, alongside a partnership to deploy as much as two gigawatts of its Instinct MI450 chips to run Claude.
AMD has not connected the two. The filing says proceeds are for general corporate purposes, possibly including debt repayment, and the company has $875mn of bonds maturing next month.
The sizes are still hard to look past. The raise is $4.75bn and the Anthropic commitment is up to $5bn.
Either way it fits the shape the AI trade has taken, in which suppliers fund the customers who buy from them. Google has been running the same circular playbook with Anthropic, and Nvidia has gone further still, discussing guarantees over OpenAI’s data centre debt.
The underlying business is not imaginary. Analysts expect AMD revenue to climb 47% this year to more than $51bn, helped by the Anthropic agreement and a separate deal with Microsoft.
The borrowing is part of something much bigger. Big Tech’s AI debt has passed $350bn, and investment-grade issuers are now a routine part of that total rather than an exception.
Six banks ran the deal, among them JPMorgan, Citigroup and Bank of America. AMD last visited the investment-grade market in March 2025, when it raised $1.5bn, so this is more than three times that in 17 months.
A spokesperson said the company is “committed to maintaining its strong financial balance sheet,” which by any conventional measure it has. The interesting question is what a chipmaker holding $13bn in cash wants another $4.75bn for.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
23,2026-08-15,"Second-quarter revenue passed $11.5bn with positive adjusted operating income, replacing the run-rate figures the industry has been valued on
Anthropic has told prospective investors that second-quarter revenue exceeded $11.5bn, more than 14 times the $787mn it made a year earlier, and that it recorded positive adjusted operating income. The figures are preliminary and come as the company prepares a listing.
Anthropic has told prospective investors that its second-quarter revenue passed $11.5bn. That is more than 14 times the $787mn it recorded in the same quarter of 2025, according to documents seen by Bloomberg.
The sequential jump is almost as steep. First-quarter revenue was $4.73bn, so the company has more than doubled inside three months and made roughly $16.2bn in the first half of the year.
The quieter line matters more. Anthropic recorded positive adjusted operating income in the quarter, which is not something the leading AI labs have been able to say.
All of it is preliminary and could be revised, and Anthropic declined to comment.
What is genuinely new here is the shape of the disclosure. The industry has asked to be valued on annualised run rates, a figure that takes current revenue and multiplies it out, and Anthropic has now put an actual completed quarter and an operating income line in front of investors instead.
The numbers also hold together. Four quarters at $11.5bn works out at $46bn, close to the $47bn run rate the company disclosed in May, which is more consistency than these figures usually show.
Comparison with OpenAI needs care. Its reported figure of more than $40bn is a run rate rather than a quarter’s revenue, and as Bloomberg notes, the two may not be calculated the same way.
The purpose of the disclosure is a listing. Anthropic has filed confidentially and is working with Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan, with backers telling the Financial Times they expect a $2trn valuation in October.
Timing is part of the strategy. An autumn debut would put Anthropic on the public market before OpenAI, whose own valuation is under scrutiny from its investors, and before DeepSeek, which is preparing to file.
There is capacity waiting. Listings have raised $256.4bn this year excluding blank-cheque vehicles, the most since 2021.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
24,2026-08-15,"The head of the Iran-China Joint Chamber of Commerce said ""the consequences of the blockade far outweigh those of a direct war."""
25,2026-08-15,"Intel Corp CEO Lip-Bu Tan is investing $12 million of his own capital in the chipmaker’s newly upsized $20 billion stock offering, a move that Futurum Group..."
26,2026-08-15,"Dr. Ezekiel Emanuel wants you to stop obsessing over your health data and enjoy a treat from time to time. I experienced this firsthand when I met him for ice cream on a sunny Thursday afternoon in June to discuss his latest book on healthy living.
A specialty ice cream shop in London had formulated a limited edition pen-and-paper flavored ice cream for the UK launch of Emanuel's ""Eat Your Ice Cream."" It had a smoked wood flavor and was surprisingly good.
""I'm anti the wellness industrial complex,"" the oncologist, public health professor, and former Obamacare advisor told me matter-of-factly. The 68-year-old is ""vehemently"" against tracking, obsessing over, and maxxing our health, and advocates finding ways to fit wellness around your lifestyle, not the other way around.
In his latest book, he attempts to cut through the noise of the buzzy longevity trend that has gone mainstream by outlining the tenets of a healthy diet, including eating protein, healthy fats, and fresh produce.
As we scooped spoonfuls of ice cream from small metal bowls topped with chocolate flakes, he shared his top ""bang for your buck"" dietary changes to reduce the risk of chronic disease.
""Getting on the right diet is relatively simple,"" Emanuel told me. ""There are four things you should do to start, and then there are things you can add.""
But remember, ""the occasional treat will not shave any minutes off your life, especially if you enjoy it with someone you love,"" he wrote in the book.
Emanuel recommends adding fermented foods like sauerkraut, miso, kimchi, and kefir to your diet. He calls it ""the easiest small change with big benefits.""
The gut microbiome is host to trillions of microbes that impact our overall health. Studies suggest that people who eat fermented foods tend to have a more diverse gut microbiome, a sign of good health, a lower risk of obesity, and stronger immune systems.
Try a
                                  Level Up action pack.
Build a simple, steady morning ritual that supports energy, recovery, and the long game.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
This is because fermented foods contain prebiotics, which are plant fibers that the body can't fully digest, and live bacteria called probiotics. Both feed the ""good"" gut microbes and help increase the diversity of microbes in the colon lining.
""Pick whichever ones you like. They're really, really good for you,"" he said.
According to Emanuel, one of the best things you can do for your health is to stop drinking sugary soda, or at least cut down to one to two glasses a week.
Drinking one to two cans of soda a day increases your risk of developing type two diabetes by 26%, he said. It also increases the risk of heart disease, metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD), which is on the rise, and certain cancers.
A 12-ounce can of soda contains 140 calories, around 10 teaspoons worth of sugar, and has no nutritional value, Emanuel said.
Business Insider's Gabby Landsverk recently reported from a Washington DC nutrition conference that while diet sodas can be a helpful alternative to sugary drinks, they can still upset gut health. 
""We all have to cut back on the packaged snacks,"" Emanuel said.
Research suggests the average American gets around 60% of their daily calories from ""junk"" or ultra-processed foods that contain large quantities of salt, sugar, and fat, as well as additives.
Regularly eating this type of food (think packaged muffins, cookies, and potato chips) has been linked to an increased risk of a plethora of health conditions, including diabetes, cardiovascular disease, cancer, and depression. There's evidence that certain additives that are common in these foods can disrupt the gut microbiome, plus junk food rarely contains nutrients.
The term ultra-processed food has become somewhat contested among nutrition experts as it groups some dietary staples, such as packaged wholemeal bread, with junk food like doughnuts and hot dogs.
Emanuel prefers to use the term junk food for this reason.
Despite our cultural obsession with protein, most of us are getting enough already, Emanuel said. What most Americans are truly lacking is fiber.
Adults need about 30 to 35 grams of fiber a day, Emanuel said, but on average, most Americans get about half of that.
Fiber plays an important role in keeping the gut, cardiovascular, and metabolic systems healthy. It does this by slowing down the uptake of glucose into the bloodstream, curbing sugar spikes and crashes, and feeding the beneficial microbes in the gut.
Berries, pears, apples, kiwis, broccoli, sweet potatoes, beans, nuts, and whole grains are great sources of fiber, Emanuel said. He recommended starting by eating some fruit throughout the day and a salad with your dinner at night.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
27,2026-08-15,"
					By Anthony D'Alessandro 
Editorial Director/Box Office Editor

	Earlier this year, it was reported that Pixar had a new original movie, Ono Ghost Market, in the works based on Asian myths about supernatural bazaars where the living and dead interact. It’s been titled Ghost Market and it’s coming out in theaters in 2028. Disney has March 10 on reserve for a Pixar movie that year. 

	Originally the project was intended to be a series, but then pivoted to a feature film. Footage today showed a young boy, Kyle, walking into a dark, empty kitchen. He’s just been forced to move to Hawaii by his family. He finds a bowl of warm soup that’s been readily made. But it’s a spooky place. “Hey, do you guys take Apple Pay?” he asks. We then see him on FaceTime telling us that the movie is about “hungry ghosts” and that Ghost Market isn’t like those other scary movies. 

	










RELATED: Everything Announced At D23: New X-Men Cast, ‘Avengers: Doomsday’ Teaser, ‘Coco 2,’ ‘Tangled’ Live Action First Look & More


			Watch on Deadline		






RELATED: Deadline’s Full Coverage Of Disney’s D23 Fan Event

RELATED: ‘Incredibles 3’: Pete Docter Teases A Powerful New Villain In Upcoming Threequel As Violet & Dasher Step Up To Plate

RELATED: Bob Iger, Dwayne Johnson, Anne Hathaway & Jerry Bruckheimer Among Disney Legends Class Of 2026 

RELATED: 45 Of The Most Anticipated Movies Of 2026

RELATED: 25 Theatrical And Streaming Movies To Look Forward To This Summer
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong.
Comment 
Name 
Email 
Website 
 



Δ
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
28,2026-08-15,A persistent 4% to 5% long-term bond rate makes fixed income a viable competitor to stocks for the first time in nearly two decades.
29,2026-08-15,Nebius just gave Bloom Energy another vote of confidence. Is there more upside ahead for BE stock?
30,2026-08-15,"Nimrod Aldea covers Android, wearables, and Google's AI tools for Android Police. He has spent more than 25 years reviewing consumer technology, with bylines at Cracked and Geek Universe, which makes him older than most of the things he writes about. He is most interested in the point where a gadget stops being a product and becomes part of somebody's ordinary life. He lives in Amsterdam, plays cozy games with more commitment than they strictly require, and owns physical media he can no longer play.
My first Android phone was the first Android phone: the HTC Dream (sold as the T-Mobile G1 in the US and parts of Europe).
I had been working as a tech reviewer for several years by then, and when ""The Dream"" landed on my desk in late 2008, it met me hiding behind a wall of skepticism.
The world was still treating the iPhone as a technological meteorite sent by the space gods of the future, and I didn't expect Google's panicked reaction to it to be anything other than a clunky disappointment.
I mean, it had a physical keyboard. Yuck!
But I opened the box, and the phone looked at me with its Bruce Campbell chin and its giant 3.2-inch screen, and I had to admit I liked it.
When I slid it open and saw that full-sized keyboard, I actually felt a little relieved.
The first-generation iPhone's virtual keyboard was a nightmare to use, especially for someone with big, chubby fingers like mine. So a physical keyboard on a device I could actually answer email on suddenly didn't seem so ""yuck.""
Android 5.0 made our phones more delightful
I'm not here to talk about the phone. I want to talk about the operating system that came with it.
Android 1.0 shipped on September 23, 2008, which means this September it turns 18, old enough to drink in some parts of the world.
So I plan to raise a glass in its honor on its birthday and celebrate the whole journey up to it. To do that, I'm going to install and review every version of the operating system along the way.
I want to see which features arrived and which quietly got dropped, but mostly I want to see what people expected to be holding when they bought this new gadget called a ""smartphone,"" and how that changed over the years.
I downloaded the original 2008 developer kit, which is still sitting online, and a few minutes later Android 1.0 was booting on my laptop.
There is no installer. You unzip the folder and run the file, and that's the whole reason an 18-year-old program still opens on Windows 11 in 2026. It doesn't install anything; it just … runs.
What greeted me was an almost empty home screen, with a giant analog clock eating most of the precious real estate. And it's there for a reason.
No flashing needed — just opt in and download
So why a clock widget? And why an analog clock? That seems to be a jab at Apple's design philosophy.
A widget says one thing very clearly: customizability. It says, ""This clock can move, it can be a different clock, it doesn't even have to be a clock at all. It's your phone, do what you want.""
That is how Google separated itself from its biggest competitor, and I respect it for that. This could have been a black screen with a grid of icons, but instead it has a wallpaper of a lake and a giant clock that screams ""there are no walls in this garden, go wild.""
You can place any picture as a background or choose from 18 wallpapers, three commissioned from artists Dale Chihuly, John Maeda, and Marc Ecko. That shows dedication. This wasn't added as an afterthought.
What felt like an afterthought was that you can't change that clock widget. At all. It has exactly one face.
Meanwhile, the alarm clock, buried in the app drawer where nobody is going to admire it, was shipped with four of them and a picker to switch between them.
So the thing sitting on the front page, the one making the argument about this being your phone to arrange however you like, was closer to a cardboard cutout with the word WIDGET written on it.
Google never gave it a second face. What it did instead, seven months later in Android 1.5, was take it out of the launcher completely.
In its place came the framework that lets anyone build a widget. To put that in perspective, Apple added widgets to its home screen in 2020, 13 years after the iPhone launched.
So calling Android 1.0 ""customizable"" is being generous. You got 18 wallpapers, a clock you couldn't touch, and permission to drag icons around. Those options expanded fast over the next few updates.
But there was one icon on that phone from day one that was smugger than any widget or wallpaper, and that was the ""Android Market"" icon.
In case you forgot, the iPhone didn't have an app store for a full year after launch.
The early adopters of Apple's magical new phone were not only limited to a black background and, at first, no way to move their icons around, but were also limited to whatever was on the phone.
It was important for Google to ship this phone with that option installed, and the name they gave it was a position rather than a label.
Six weeks after Apple opened the App Store, and before the G1 was even on sale, Google's Eric Chu wrote on the Android Developers Blog:
We chose the term 'market' rather than 'store' because we feel that developers should have an open and unobstructed environment to make their content available.
A store implies somebody is deciding what's on the shelves. A market is open and varied, and anyone can set up a booth.
There's plenty of room for Google to make these necessary changes

Android 1.1 arrived in February 2009, and it is, I'm sorry to report, the most boring software update I have ever looked at.
Some map fixes. An email client for people who don't want to use Gmail. Really, nothing special.
But then Android 1.5 landed in April of the same year, and there it was, in all its glory: a virtual keyboard, the ancestor of every Android keyboard app you can install today.
It doesn't look like much, sitting across the bottom of a screen that had little room to give. But a keyboard made of pixels doesn't have to exist in plastic, and a phone that doesn't need plastic keys doesn't need to be shaped like one.
Until this update, every Android device had to have a physical keyboard. After it, any shape could be an Android phone.
It didn't arrive alone, either. Latin, Chinese, and Japanese input turned up in the same release, along with a dictionary that picked up the words you used.
In one update, Android expanded into any shape and into most of the world.
By 1.6 in September, the direction was unmistakable. You could search your phone and the web from the same box. You could talk to it instead of typing.
It shipped with a set of accessibility services, including a screen reader and a text-to-speech engine.
A year after Android arrived as a developer's phone with a keyboard sticking out of the side, it could be used by somebody who couldn't see the screen at all.
I came into this expecting to laugh at a rushed product, and it really wasn't one.
Google was in an impossible situation. It had a phone ready to ship, watched Apple redefine the entire category in 90 minutes, and had to start over.
But a panicked company usually copies or improvises, and this doesn't do either. Going through it one version at a time, what you see is a direction.
Sure, the clock widget only had one face, but the decision to use widgets was there from day one. The plan to build a garden with no walls was laid out from the start.
Every update solved a problem, and almost all of them answered it the same way: by handing the job to somebody outside the building.
I know how this story ends, so none of it should be surprising. What surprises me is that they seem to have known where they were going this early, and that they mostly got there inside twelve months.
Which is why I'm weirdly impatient to install 2.0.
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved
This space is open for discussion.
Be the first to share your thoughts.

The best of Android Police, directly in your inbox.
By subscribing, you agree to receive newsletter and marketing emails, and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe anytime."
31,2026-08-15,"Pixar announced its next new movie, and it hopes fans will gobble up its first supernatural story with the very fun Ghost Market.
The post Pixar Reveals New Movie GHOST MARKET, Shares First Clip appeared first on Nerdist."
32,2026-08-15,The companies that win the AI era will be the ones willing to eliminate assumptions built for a world where intelligence was scarce and action was slow.
33,2026-08-15,"© Shutterstock
Short sellers in U.S. equities are becoming increasingly exposed to further market gains, according to Citi, as investors rebuild risk positions across major developed markets. Recent flows have primarily reflected fresh buying rather than investors simply closing bearish bets, suggesting confidence is gradually returning to U.S. and European equities.
Citi strategists said positioning strengthened across all major U.S. equity indices during the latest week.
Importantly, the improvement was driven predominantly by investors establishing new long positions rather than covering existing shorts.
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 registered similar week-on-week improvements, with positioning in both indices moving out of bearish territory and returning to a net long stance.
The Russell 2000 remains the most extended U.S. index covered by Citi, indicating that positioning in smaller companies has already moved further than in the large-cap benchmarks.
The recovery in U.S. stocks has increased pressure on investors maintaining short positions.
Citi said average losses across S&P 500 short positions are now elevated, “leaving the sizeable short base vulnerable to forced covering should markets grind higher.”
If equities continue advancing, short sellers facing mounting losses may be forced to buy shares to close their positions.
That activity could itself generate additional upward pressure, potentially accelerating the market’s advance through a short squeeze.
Citi said the current imbalance between potential gains and losses means positioning risk is “skewed toward additional squeeze-driven flows.”
The broader message from Citi’s positioning data is that investors are becoming more willing to take risk.
Rather than the recent improvement simply reflecting bearish traders exiting losing positions, new capital is being deployed into long equity positions.
That distinction is important because fresh long accumulation can indicate greater underlying confidence in the market outlook.
Citi said this has been the dominant pattern over the past week, particularly across the United States and Europe.
European markets produced one of the clearest recoveries in global positioning, according to Citi.
Weekly flows were dominated by new long positions, pushing positioning in the EuroStoxx 50 and FTSE towards moderately bullish levels.
The DAX has also continued recovering from previous weakness and is now more closely aligned with the constructive positioning already visible among European banking stocks.
Europe recorded the strongest overall positioning recovery among developed markets, accompanied by an improvement in positioning profit and loss.
The shift towards new long positions suggests investors are showing greater confidence in European equities rather than merely reducing bearish exposure.
Improving profit-and-loss conditions could reinforce that trend if existing positions continue generating gains.
The development also makes European positioning more balanced following earlier periods of weakness, particularly in Germany.
Continued inflows could strengthen the recovery further, although increasingly bullish positioning could eventually reduce the amount of additional buying available from investors moving back into the market.
Outside the U.S. and Europe, Citi identified improving positioning across parts of the Asia-Pacific region.
Positioning strengthened in Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 as well as China’s A50 index.
These improvements indicate that the broader rebuilding of risk exposure is not confined to Western developed markets.
However, conditions remain uneven across Asia, with South Korea standing out as an important exception.
Positioning in South Korea’s KOSPI continued to deteriorate, leaving the market with a heavily one-sided short book.
Citi believes this creates the potential for a sharp reversal if investor sentiment improves.
The bank warned that the KOSPI positioning imbalance “is creating the potential for abrupt covering flows if sentiment improves.”
A sudden change in sentiment could therefore force short sellers to unwind bearish positions rapidly, potentially amplifying any rebound in South Korean equities.
Citi’s latest positioning analysis points to a generally more constructive environment across global equities.
Fresh long positions are being established in the U.S. and Europe, while positioning has also strengthened in Australia and China.
At the same time, sizeable short positions remain vulnerable in several markets.
For the S&P 500 in particular, further gradual gains could increase losses for bearish investors and trigger forced buying, adding another potential source of support for the rally.
The combination of renewed risk-taking and vulnerable short positions means future gains could increasingly be reinforced by squeeze-driven flows if markets continue moving higher.
Get stock prices from InvestorsHub
Join the discussion: Connect with other investors on your favorite stocks or explore the top-talked-about stocks on our Breakout Boards.This article was written by the editorial team at InvestorsHub/ADVFN and is provided for informational purposes only. In some cases, editorial staff may use artificial intelligence–based tools to assist in the research, drafting, or editing of content, under human review and oversight. This article does not constitute investment advice, a recommendation, or an offer to buy or sell any securities. The views expressed are based on publicly available information believed to be reliable at the time of publication, but accuracy or completeness is not guaranteed. Readers should conduct their own independent research and consult a qualified financial professional before making any investment decisions.
It looks like you are not logged in. Click the button below to log in and keep track of your recent history.
Citi Sees U.S. Industrial Growth Accelerating to 6.9% as Data Centre Demand Expands
Citi sees improving momentum across the industrial sector after organic growth reached 6.9% in the second quarter of 2026, substantially exceeding the bank’s 4.0% forecast. Strong data centre investment remains an important source of demand, while signs of a broader short-cycle recovery suggest growth is beginning to extend into more areas of the industrial economy. […]
Goldman Sachs Sees $1.4 Trillion Buyback Wave Outpacing U.S. Equity Supply in 2026
Goldman Sachs expects corporate share repurchases to remain a powerful source of demand for U.S. equities in 2026, outweighing the increase in new shares coming to market. Although follow-on offerings and broader equity issuance have accelerated, the bank argues that issuance conditions remain orderly, while an estimated $1.4 trillion of buybacks should provide substantial support […]
Citi Sees Growing Short-Squeeze Risk as U.S. Market Positioning Improves
Short sellers in U.S. equities are becoming increasingly exposed to further market gains, according to Citi, as investors rebuild risk positions across major developed markets. Recent flows have primarily reflected fresh buying rather than investors simply closing bearish bets, suggesting confidence is gradually returning to U.S. and European equities. Investors add new long positions in […]
Wall Street Slips From Record as Weak Consumer Data Cools the Rally
US stocks pulled back modestly on Friday, retreating from record territory after a batch of soft consumer data gave investors a reason to take some money off the table. A surprise drop in retail sales and a slide in consumer sentiment reminded traders that the American shopper may be growing more cautious, tempering the enthusiasm […]
Stock Futures Flat After Unexpected July Retail Sales Decline: Dow Jones, S&P and Nasdaq Futures
US stock futures are flat Friday despite an unexpected 0.6% drop in July retail sales, following record highs for the S&P 500. Dow Jones, S&P 500 and Nasdaq index futures are currently pointing to a roughly flat open on Friday, with stocks likely to show a lack of direction in early trading following the upward […]
Arrive AI Targets Healthcare Logistics Opportunity as Autonomous Delivery Moves Closer to the Pharmacy
Arrive AI (NASDAQ:ARAI) is positioning healthcare and pharmaceutical delivery as a potentially important early market for its autonomous delivery technology, with a proposed collaboration with Lifespan Pharmacy offering an opportunity to demonstrate how its platform could transform the way medications reach patients. As healthcare becomes increasingly digital and patient expectations continue to evolve, convenience, reliability […]
Alphabet’s Early SpaceX Investment Grows More Than 100-Fold to $94 Billion
Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) has generated an extraordinary paper return from its early investment in SpaceX (NASDAQ:SPCX), with its disclosed holding valued at approximately $94 billion at the end of June, more than 100 times the $900 million the Google parent invested in Elon Musk’s space company in 2015. Following SpaceX’s $86 billion initial public offering in […]
Applied Materials Shares Fall as Strong Q3 Results Fail to Meet Elevated Expectations
Applied Materials (NASDAQ:AMAT) shares fell 5.4% in pre-market trading after the semiconductor equipment maker’s record fiscal third-quarter 2026 results failed to impress investors following the stock’s substantial year-to-date rally. The company reported revenue of $9.12 billion, an increase of 25% from the previous year and ahead of the approximately $8.99 billion analyst consensus. Non-GAAP earnings […]
LG and Nvidia Expand Partnership Across Robotics, AI Factories and Mobility
LG Corp and Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) have signed a memorandum of understanding to deepen their strategic collaboration across robotics, artificial intelligence factories and next-generation mobility technologies. The agreement brings together LG’s manufacturing and technology operations with Nvidia’s AI computing platforms as the South Korean group looks to accelerate the adoption of physical AI across factories, robots […]
Apple Develops China-Specific AI Model With Alibaba Support, Reuters Reports
Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) has trained its own large language model specifically for the Chinese market with assistance from Alibaba (NYSE:BABA), Reuters reported on Friday, signalling a change in the technology giant’s approach to introducing artificial intelligence services in China. The development could give Apple greater control over its AI technology as it prepares to bring […]
Reddit Shares Surge as S&P 500 Inclusion Set for August 18
Reddit (NYSE:RDDT) shares jumped 12.3% in pre-market trading after S&P Dow Jones Indices announced that the social media company will enter the S&P 500 before the opening bell on August 18. Reddit will replace AvalonBay Communities, which is leaving the benchmark in connection with its pending acquisition by fellow S&P 500 member Equity Residential. The […]
Applied Materials Slips Despite Strong Outlook as SMIC Rallies on Earnings: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street Futures
U.S. stock futures traded close to unchanged on Friday as investors assessed softer inflation data, a fresh round of technology earnings and renewed volatility across semiconductor shares. Applied Materials (NASDAQ:AMAT) issued stronger-than-expected fourth-quarter revenue guidance but still came under pressure as investors weighed the outlook against already elevated expectations for companies exposed to the artificial […]
S&P 500 Notches Record Close as Cooling Inflation Lifts Wall Street
Stocks pushed higher on Thursday, with the S&P 500 closing at a record high just below the 7,800 mark, as a fresh batch of tame inflation data reinforced expectations that the Federal Reserve will hold interest rates steady next month. Softer readings on wholesale prices, arriving a day after an in-line consumer inflation report, helped […]
US Stock Futures Edge Higher as Sharp Oil Price Drop Supports Sentiment: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street
U.S. stock futures pointed to a modestly higher opening on Thursday, with a sharp retreat in crude oil prices providing support after a mixed Wall Street session. Falling energy prices helped ease some recent inflation concerns, although weakness in Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO) following its earnings report could limit gains in the technology sector. Crude oil […]
Dell, HP and HPE Shares Rise After Lenovo Delivers Strong Quarterly Growth
Dell Technologies (NYSE:DELL), HP Inc. (NYSE:HPQ) and Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE:HPE) shares moved sharply higher in Thursday premarket trading after strong quarterly results from Lenovo (USOTC:LNVGY) boosted sentiment across the computer hardware and enterprise technology sector. Dell gained 4%, HP jumped 6.5% and HPE advanced 3.5% as Lenovo reported stronger-than-expected revenue growth, including a near […]
IBM and OpenAI Launch Enterprise AI Partnership With GPT-5.6 Integration
IBM (NYSE:IBM) announced a strategic partnership with OpenAI on August 13, 2026, aimed at bringing advanced artificial intelligence models and products into IBM Consulting’s enterprise AI delivery platform. The collaboration will target large-scale deployments across industries including financial services, government, telecommunications and retail, with GPT-5.6 among the OpenAI models being integrated. GPT-5.6 and OpenAI products […]
Cisco Shares Fall as Strong AI-Led Outlook Struggles to Clear High Expectations
Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO) shares fell more than 5% in U.S. premarket trading on Thursday despite the networking technology group forecasting fiscal 2027 revenue and earnings comfortably above Wall Street estimates. Strong demand for networking equipment and artificial intelligence infrastructure continues to support growth, but investors appeared to have expected even more following a rally of […]
SpaceX Shares Rebound 39% in a Week as Musk Highlights AI Revenue Potential
SpaceX (NASDAQ:SPCX) shares extended their sharp recovery on Wednesday, August 12, climbing 9.65% to close at $146.15, their highest level since July 9. The stock has now rebounded 39% from its record low of $105.11 reached on August 6, with investor sentiment improving following comments from Elon Musk about the growing importance of artificial intelligence […]
Meta Removes 756,000 Australian Teen Accounts as Regulatory Scrutiny Intensifies
Meta (NASDAQ:META) said on Thursday that it has removed more than 750,000 Facebook and Instagram accounts suspected of belonging to Australians under the age of 16, as the technology group steps up enforcement of the country’s landmark social media age restrictions amid the prospect of regulatory action. Meta accelerates removal of under-16 accounts The Facebook […]
Cisco’s AI-Driven Profit Jump; PPI Ahead – What’s Moving Markets: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street Futures
U.S. stock futures moved modestly higher on Thursday as investors looked ahead to another important inflation reading while assessing a fresh round of technology earnings. Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO) slipped in after-hours trading despite posting strong results fuelled by artificial intelligence demand, while semiconductor equipment maker Applied Materials (NASDAQ:AMAT) is scheduled to report after the closing […]
© Copyright 2026
Subscribe to Ad free and enjoy an ad-free experience

                    Try Now
                
Keep the Ads"
34,2026-08-15,"YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    I went hands-on with the Pixel 11 Pro Fold; it's great, but I couldn't stop thinking about Samsung
                                

                                    Tiny but mighty: these are the 6 BEST small phones to buy in 2026
                                

                                    Google Pixel 11 Pro Fold: Everything you need to know
                                
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
The Galaxy Z Fold 8 is a popular phone, but should you buy it?

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Samsung did a thing this year, making its foldables exciting again with the launch of the smaller, wider Galaxy Z Fold 8. It's basically the little brother of the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra, a larger foldable that follows the taller and more square design of its predecessors.
Apparently, the smaller Galaxy Z Fold 8 is very popular, as Samsung has highlighted a dramatic increase in preorders and has reportedly ramped up production. But should you buy the Galaxy Z Fold 8? Here are my thoughts after spending a few weeks with the phone and extensively testing its camera.
 



I have an affinity for flip phones and have used one as my go-to. I like that they're small and pocketable, though they tend to be quite thick when folded. On the flip side, I tend not to care for larger book-style foldables, as they are quite tall and only open to a larger, square-ish display.
The Galaxy Z Fold 8 feels like a Goldilocks foldable, adopting the smaller size of a flip phone while offering the utility of a book-style foldable when open. It's actually the size of my passport when closed, and it's incredibly lightweight and easy to slip in my pocket. I honestly didn't think I would like the Fold 8 until I held it in my hand and something just clicked.
Open it, and it feels more like a tablet than traditional foldables, which I think adds to its appeal.
 



Additionally, both displays are gorgeous, vibrant, and easy to see outdoors. It also helps that the inner display is basically creaseless. Sure, you can see the crease from certain angles and depending on how the light hits it, but if you run your finger across it, it's pretty much not there.
If Apple really is working towards releasing a foldable, this should be the blueprint.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
 



One of the most awkward things about multitasking on larger book-style foldables like the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra is that they don't always handle multitasking as well as they should. Samsung's One UI can open three apps at the same time in a split-screen view, but due to the square-ish aspect ratio, only one app is open in full view on one side of the display, while the other two are split in half on the other side.
However, what I love about the Galaxy Z Fold 8 is that you can run three full apps side by side or in a row, which makes it feel more like a tablet than its larger sibling.
 



What also helps is how the Galaxy Z Fold 8 handles media and content. Ebooks look great on the inner display, whether you read them in landscape or portrait orientation. Videos also look much better on the inner display than they do on the larger Ultra. They aren't any bigger when open full screen, but the black bars on the top and bottom are smaller.
It also handles vertical videos from TikTok and Instagram better, since you can rotate the phone in a portrait orientation. And you can always watch horizontal videos or videos on the external display, which also look great in either orientation and better fill the 16:10 aspect ratio.
 



The Galaxy Z Fold 8 is powered by the Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 for Galaxy, which is currently the most powerful mobile processor on the market. It's paired with 12 or 16GB of RAM, depending on your storage configuration, so there's little issue with performance. It is a flagship, after all, and it handles graphics-intensive games like Honkai: Star Rail quite well.
You'll also get plenty of cool AI features like My FanCam, which lets you reframe a video by focusing on a subject, making it the perfect way to share memories with friends or on social media. You also get plenty of Gemini Intelligence features, such as the ability to let the AI order food or book rideshares and hotels for you, and many of the Galaxy AI features can be processed on-device to keep your data as private as possible.
 



And the AI gets even more proactive by suggesting actions for you based on the context of your conversations, such as surfacing relevant photos for you to share, scheduling information, or your location.
The only downside I've noticed is that it can get a bit warm if you're gaming for an extended period, but this is lessened if you're using a Galaxy Z Fold 8 case.
 



Foldables aren't cheap, but the Galaxy Z Fold 8 is a couple of hundred dollars cheaper than the Galaxy Z Fold Ultra. If you're trying to choose between the two, price is definitely something to consider, especially since you get roughly the same performance, storage and RAM options, seven-year software promise, and mostly the same feature set. And for the extra couple hundred that you save, you can get yourself some extras, like Qi2 charging accessories.
 



That said, $1,900 isn't cheap, and the Galaxy Z Fold 8 is still a very expensive phone. Yes, I do love this phone, but I'm not sure if I would spend that kind of money on any smartphone (that's more than what I pay for rent in Seattle, WA).
If you're willing, you can always trade in an older phone or try to take advantage of Galaxy Z Fold 8 deals. Buying from carriers also makes it easy to spread the cost over time, but the fact of the matter is that you're paying nearly $2,000 for a smartphone.
 



For just $200 more, you can get a technically better phone. The Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra offers larger displays, a bigger battery, and a better camera system that incorporates a 200MP wide and 10MP telephoto sensor.
The Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra also supports the Flex Panel, a handy One UI feature that turns the bottom half of the display into a keyboard or shows various controls when the phone is folded at an angle, depending on the context of what's on the upper half of the display.
So, it's up to you to decide if the $200 upgrade is worth it.
 



I really wanted to like the cameras on the Galaxy Z Fold 8, but they're just okay. You get two 50MP sensors that produce decent images, but they tend to lack vibrancy and detail compared to other similar camera systems. I tested the Galaxy Z Fold 8 camera against the Razr Ultra 2026 and Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra, and the latter two phones produced more pleasing images of the same scenes.
It also doesn't do particularly well in low light, can be a little noisy, and zoom images lack detail compared to other cameras. Given the lack of a telephoto camera, that's understandable, but that adds to why you might wanna splurge for the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra.
 



If you're hoping for a return of the S Pen to foldable phones, you'll be disappointed with the Galaxy Z Fold 8. Unfortunately, the S Pen remains elusive on Samsung's foldables once again. It's a strange omission, especially given that Motorola now supports an active stylus on the Razr Fold and Samsung continues to include an S Pen with the Galaxy S Ultra models.
It kinda feels like a waste of all that screen real estate, even though it would make for a great canvas and note-taking device, especially with the minimal crease.
Derrek is the managing editor of Android Central, helping to guide the site's editorial content and direction to reach and resonate with readers, old and new, who are just as passionate about tech as we are. He's been obsessed with mobile technology since he was 12, when he discovered the Nokia N90, and his love of flip phones and new form factors continues to this day. As a fitness enthusiast, he has always been curious about the intersection of tech and fitness. When he's not working, he's probably working out.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
35,2026-08-15,"As Birkenstock shares jump on a revenue beat and brighter guidance, can BIRK keep the momentum going?"
36,2026-08-15,"Investing

							Berkshire added 48 million Alphabet shares in Q2, an 83% increase making it their third-largest holding worth $37.8 billion.													

							Druckenmiller independently initiated a new Alphabet position while boosting Amazon by over 1,000% and nearly tripling his United Airlines stake.													

							Both investors independently bought Alphabet, Delta Air Lines, and D.R. Horton in the same quarter, a rare convergence that brought together two contrasting investment styles.													
The most widely read finance newsletter on Substack isn't published by a bank, it's Doomberg, where 383,000+ readers get the energy and macro analysis the mainstream press misses. 24/7 Wall St. readers save 17% on their first year here.

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Neilson Barnard / Getty Images Entertainment via Getty Images

Earnings season doubles as confession season on Wall Street. Every August, the biggest money managers in the world file their 13Fs with the SEC, and for a few days investors get an unusually clear window into what smart money actually did with its cash last quarter — not what it said on CNBC. 
This year’s filings landed with a theme: Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG | GOOG Price Prediction)(NASDAQ:GOOGL). Two of the most closely watched billionaire investors in the country, working independently and managing very different pools of capital, both used the second quarter to build up meaningful stakes in Google’s parent company. One of them is a name every retail investor already knows. The other should be.
Berkshire Hathaway‘s (NYSE:BRK-A)(NYSE:BRK-B) Q2 13F showed the company added roughly 48 million Alphabet shares, an 83% increase that pushed its combined GOOGL/GOOG position to about 106 million shares worth $37.8 billion. That’s now 10.2% of Berkshire’s equity portfolio — enough to make Alphabet the third-largest holding, trailing only Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) at $70 billion and American Express (NYSE:AXP) at $51.9 billion, and ahead of longtime staple Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO).
Roughly 60% of the added shares came from Berkshire’s $10 billion private placement with Alphabet in June, earmarked to help fund AI infrastructure. The rest — about $7 billion — Berkshire bought on the open market.
Buffett told CNBC in June that Alphabet was his idea, and that Berkshire began building the position back in the third quarter of 2025. He’s since handed day-to-day stock-picking to CEO Greg Abel, but says the two still talk through where capital goes. In short, this wasn’t Abel going rogue — it carries Buffett’s fingerprints, built on the kind of moat Buffett has always paid up for: a search business that still functions as a near-monopoly, a YouTube platform reaching 2.7 billion monthly users, and a cloud unit that’s now the third-largest in the world behind AWS and Azure.
Buffett is the investor small investors most often try to shadow, but Druckenmiller is the one other billionaires study. He ran George Soros’s Quantum Fund through the trade that famously broke the Bank of England in 1992, then spent 30 years running his own Duquesne Capital Management without a single losing year before converting it into Duquesne Family Office in 2010 — a private investment vehicle that manages Druckenmiller’s own wealth rather than outside client money, which is why it can move fast and concentrate hard without redemption pressure.
That speed showed up in Duquesne’s Q2 13F. The $5.21 billion portfolio initiated a brand-new Alphabet position, alongside new stakes in Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD) and Fox (NASDAQ:FOX). Druckenmiller also increased his position in Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) by more than 1,000%, nearly tripled United Airlines (NASDAQ:UAL) holdings, and fully exited Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), and Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU).
Granted, Druckenmiller is a sector rotator by nature — he’s just as likely to own a Brazil ETF or a biotech name as a mega-cap — and this quarter was no exception. But buried in the reshuffling was a new 603,000-share position in Delta Air Lines (NYSE:DAL) and a $48 million position in D.R. Horton (NYSE:DHI). Berkshire grew its airline position by 44% to 57.3 million shares and also bought a new stake in the homebuilder. 
Two investors with almost nothing in common, philosophically, landed on the same two stocks and the same search giant in the same three months. That’s not coincidence — that’s convergence, and convergence is worth noticing.
Neither filing is a reason to chase Alphabet blindly — 13Fs are backward-looking, and both funds bought before some of the stock’s recent run. Still, when Berkshire’s 10.2%-of-portfolio conviction bet lines up with a brand-new position from one of the sharpest macro traders alive, that’s two very different playbooks pointing at the same page. 
Investors doing their own homework on Alphabet now have good company doing it alongside them.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
After two decades of patrolling the dark corners of suburbia as a police officer, Rich Duprey hung up his badge and gun to begin writing full time about stocks and investing. For the past 20 years he’s been cruising the markets looking for companies to lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio while writing extensively on the broad sectors of consumer goods, technology, and industrials. Because his experience isn’t from the typical financial analyst track, Rich is able to break down complex topics into understandable and useful action points for the average investor. His writings have appeared on The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, Yahoo! Finance, and Money Morning. He has been featured in both U.S. and international publications, including MarketWatch, Financial Times, Forbes, Fast Company, and USA Today.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
After three years of selling more than he bought, new Berkshire CEO Greg Abel just broke the streak in dramatic…
When 13F filings for Q1 2026 hit in May, the smart-money positioning on Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL | GOOGL Price Prediction) split…
Former Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-B | BRK-B Price Prediction) CEO Warren Buffett recently handed his chief executive position over to Greg Abel.…
Warren Buffett does not hand out personal endorsements of his money manager every day. That makes the line he delivered…
For three years, Greg Abel sat on one of the largest cash piles in corporate history while the market ran…
A true living legend, Warren Buffett is known as the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-B | BRK-B Price Prediction) and a…
Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A | BRK-A Price Prediction)(NYSE:BRK-B) is in a new era. After decades at the helm, Warren Buffett stepped…
At 95, Warren Buffett just revealed he personally drove one of Berkshire's most surprising recent bets, and his explanation raises…
Cash is suddenly king again on Wall Street. With recession fears lingering, interest rates still elevated, and consumers showing signs…
"
37,2026-08-15,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Tech > Services & Software > Streaming Services
Dek: Zootopia 3, Coco 2, Percy Jackson season 3, Ice Age 6, live-action Rapunzel, Bluey and a Kingdom Hearts series were some of the major announcements out of Disney's big event.
Senior Editor
Senior Editor
August 15, 2026, 2:43 pm ET
Disney’s biennial fan convention D23 is underway in Anaheim, and the entertainment giant hosted a star-studded entertainment showcase to unveil all upcoming movies and streaming shows, as well as trailers and sneak peeks of the ones we already know about.
Along with Frozen 3, The Incredibles 3, the Marvel reveals and all the Star Wars news, here are the biggest surprises and everything else announced on Friday night. 
A short teaser has finally been showcased for the upcoming feature film extension of the beloved Australian children’s show Bluey.
The brief trailer showed 3D-animated versions of Bluey and her sister Bingo playing their keepy uppy game, bouncing a balloon between each other until it hit the grass and they ran out of sight.
The teaser was very short, but the Bluey movie will be released a year from now, in Aug. 2027.
Creator Joe Brumm is stepping down from his role following the release of the movie, so for now, rewatching the first three seasons and the minisodes on Disney Plus is all we’ve got for the next year.
It was a big day for Disney threequels as the third installment of the Zootopia franchise was a surprise announcement, coming less than a year after Zootopia 2 was released. 
Birds will be the new addition to Zootopia 3, with a teaser showing a feather floating on the breeze through the animal-inhabited metropolis.
Ginnifer Goodwin as Judy Hopps and Ke Huy Quan as Gary De’Snake are confirmed to be returning for the third Zootopia movie. 
A sequel to the hugely popular 2017 Pixar film, Coco, was announced, with main character Miguel now a teenager, still playing music and still battling against former hero-turned-villain Ernesto de la Cruz.
Coco 2 will hit the big screen in Nov. 2029.
The Coco announcement also served as a segue into a trailer and release date for the fourth Kingdom Hearts game (late 2027), with Miguel’s world being added to the beloved franchise when it comes out.
Plus, a Kingdom Hearts cartoon series will be coming to Disney Plus “soon.”
We got a brief teaser showing Teagan Croft as live-action Rapunzel, Milo Manheim as Flynn Rider and Kathryn Hahn as Mother Gothel, all in full costume.
Hahn, who thanked fans for manifesting her as the Tangled villain, appeared on stage at D23, introducing a video of Manheim and Croft detailing some of the filming locations across Spain where the movie is being shot, including monasteries and cathedrals.
Tangled will be released on March 31, 2028.
Ahead of its Nov. 20 release, Percy Jackson and the Olympians got a fresh, new trailer. Walker Scobell (Percy Jackson) was joined on stage by Ming-Na Wen (Hera) and Andra Day (Athena) to show off the new trailer.
Season 3 adapts the book The Titan’s Curse, and shows Percy fighting underwater and in arenas as a titan emerges.
Pixar’s next animated feature film, Gatto, features a little black cat voiced by Mark Ruffalo. Set in Venice, Italy, with the same filmmakers behind Luca, Nero the cat makes a pigeon friend who helps him escape the clutches of mob boss Rocco (Laurence Fishburne).
The pigeon gives him a bird’s-eye view of a Venetian square, and what obstacles to avoid or use to his advantage when attempting to close in on a violinist street performer.
A second trailer was shown, with Gatto, Rocco and dozens of other stray cats roaming the streets of Venice — which Gatto describes as “a sinking death trap” — and stealing fish.
Gatto will be released on March 5, 2027.
Season 38 of The Simpsons is about to kick off next month, but everyone’s favorite yellow cartoon family is also getting a second movie — two decades after the release of the first.
A “very rough” teaser was showcased during Disney’s biennial fan convention D23 in Anaheim on Friday night, featuring concept art sketches of Homer and his friends at a Springfield Isotopes baseball game.
Details are scant, but it looks like the Simpsons family and their friends will be back to their usual hijinks. The sketches showed Homer and all the beloved characters of the show rush to catch a ball as it bounced around all of Springfield before it got shot back to the stadium, where it landed right in front of Bart.
The New Simpsons Movie will be released on Sept. 3, 2027.
Disney animated feature Hexed, which stars Hailee Steinfeld in the title role of  teenager Billie who discovers she’s a witch, got a trailer and new casting news just months before it comes out on Thanksgiving weekend. 
Steinfeld was joined on stage by Walton Goggins, who voices a three-eyed cat named Beef, and Jodie Foster, who voices the queen of witches. 
The new trailer showed Billie getting sucked inside a crescent moon-shaped portal to a secret realm of magic, filled with spellbooks, talking objects, a magical forest and a coven of witches. 
Manny, Sid, Diego, Ellie and Peaches are back in a sixth theatrical Ice Age movie.
Queen Latifah (the voice of mammoth Ellie) and Dennis Leary (who voices saber-tooth tiger Diego) appeared on stage to introduce the first trailer for Ice Age: Boiling Point.
“We’re finishing up the movie right now, and it’s really funny and it’s scary,” Leary said.
The trailer showed squirrel Scrat and Baby Scrat pushing an acorn into the ice once more, but this time with the acorns falling through into the lava boiling below. Scrat rides the acorn through a sea of lava, until an enormous prehistoric squirrel grabs the prize at the end. 
The trailer briefly shows Manny, Sid and Ellie exploring a jungle-like setting nearby.
Original Ice Age animator Blue Sky Studios was acquired by Disney in 2019 and shut down and absorbed five years ago. A short series featuring Scrat and Baby Scrat was released on Disney Plus in 2022.
Ice Age: Boiling Point will hit the big screen in less than a year, on Feb. 5, 2027. 
Disney director and producer Jon Favreau introduced his passion project, Oswald — an original character created by Walt Disney 100 years ago — that will air as a three-part miniseries on Disney Plus next year.
“We only used hand-drawn 2D animation for Oswald,” Favreau said, adding that many old Disney animators were brought back to work on the project.
In a Roger Rabbit-esque series, Oswald will feature live-action settings, including Walt’s old office in Burbank and at Disneyland, where the 2D-animated Oswald runs around and explores the real world.
Disney’s newly announced animated featured film, Clay, will see Flip, a stinky skunk voiced by Kieran Culkin, forced to become a mentor to a literal chunk of clay.
Clay will be released in 2028.
A mysterious new Pixar feature film called Ghost Market (which the teaser said would be about “hungry ghosts”) will be released in spring 2028.
Following the release of the live-action version of Lilo and Stitch, Disney has decided to continue by adapting the animated sequel into the live format. Lilo and Stitch 2 includes Angel, the pink, female version of the outer-space monster who debuted in the animated Lilo & Stitch: The Series.
Lilo and Stitch 2 live action will be released on May 28, 2028.
Back in 1997, Romy and Michele got together for their high school reunion. Now, 30 years later, Lisa Kudrow and Mira Sorvino reunited once more on stage to announce Romy and Michele 2.
The ladies wore modern versions of their outfits from the ’90s cult classic, talking about their boutique in Beverly Hills and another reunion on the horizon.
The Jonas Brothers appeared on stage to talk about the old days and introduce the new, leading to a live performance featuring the new stars of the fresh new movie in the Camp Rock series.
It premiered Aug. 14 on Disney Plus.

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
38,2026-08-15,"Get started with free access to reviews, badges and discussions.
Unlock exclusive tools and insights for enthusiasts who want more.
Access Bench, Roadmaps, deep analysis and other exclusive tools.
Dive into our proprietary testing data and compare hardware with detailed benchmarks.
Go beyond the headlines with expert reporting on the hardware industry.
Track upcoming CPUs, GPUs and tech releases before they arrive.
In-depth features, interviews and insider stories from the world of hardware.
Expert insights and analysis delivered to your inbox.
Dive into our proprietary testing data and compare hardware with detailed benchmarks.
Go beyond the headlines with expert reporting on the hardware industry.
Track upcoming CPUs, GPUs and tech releases before they arrive.
In-depth features, interviews and insider stories from the world of hardware.
Expert insights and analysis delivered to your inbox.

Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest on CPUs
News, reviews, and technical insights.
GPU Insights
Reviews, benchmarks, and updates on current GPUs.

Explore your membership
benefits.


Limited-time Premium offer


Unlock benchmarks, deep dives and roadmaps for £25.00/year.


Keep exploring with your premium access.

Get Tom's Hardware's best news and in-depth reviews, straight to your inbox.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
“This is not just Intel,” Robert Hallock stressed.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Intel’s Robert Hallock, vice president and general manager of the enthusiast channel business, believes that the consumer market will see a split in sockets for mainstream and enthusiast platforms to address the rising costs of PCs for cash-strapped buyers. Tom’s Hardware Premium recently spoke with the technical marketing leader about the state of the PC market, which Hallock described as a “tale of two kingdoms.”
 




“I think the market's experiencing a tale of two kingdoms. For the folks who have a significant amount of discretionary budget, they can absorb the cost impacts of what's going on in the industry, and most other people cannot,” Hallock said. “And that's having a very different impact, as you can imagine, on different parts of the market. Low-end, mainstream is really taking a beating. Enthusiast and premium, not so bad. You could, depending on the device class, maybe even [say] growing positive. So it's a very starkly divided market at the moment.”
Hallock’s take on the market is interesting. The doom and gloom of the RAM and NAND shortages is omnipresent, but we’ve also seen very expensive launches despite that. Gigabyte launched the $5,300 RTX 5090 Infinity OC in June. Asus demoed its 20th anniversary ROG lineup at the same time, which includes a $3,300 motherboard and CPU cooler bundle, as well as a $6,000 RTX 5090. Saying the enthusiast market is growing given the current market conditions may be a stretch, but RAM prices haven’t killed it — an extra $300 or $400 in RAM in the context of a $5,000 PC doesn’t really move the needle.
That’s not the majority of the market, however, and presumably, those few high spenders aren’t enough to sustain a business at the scale of Intel. We’ve already seen concessions in hardware to reach buyers during the memory shortage, particularly in laptops, with the MacBook Neo, Intel’s own Wildcat Lake, and the newly-detailed Snapdragon C. On the desktop, we’ve seen AMD re-release the Ryzen 7 5800X3D and introduce the Ryzen 7 7700X3D. Intel has sold off its new Arrow Lake Refresh chips at much lower prices than expected, with the new Core Ultra 5 250K Plus recently dropping to just $155 in a limited-time sale.
On desktop, at least, these seem like short-term measures. Hallock suggests that, going forward, there will be a more clear divide between mainstream and enthusiast platforms, not just at Intel, but across the industry if prices don’t let up.
“I truly believe that what the market is going to see going forward, and this is just like an industry-level comment… and I want to stress this is not just Intel. You're probably going to see a split. You'll have a premium socket and a mainstream socket from everybody,” Hallock said. “If you’re playing in desktop space, that is probably what you'll do because the supply chain costs, the upstream costs, the same costs that are currently harming the entry-level and mainstream market, I don't see those abating anytime soon.”
AMD has stressed in its previous two earnings calls that gaming revenue, in particular, is declining due to higher component costs. In Intel’s most recent earnings, it reported revenue in its client business up 13% year-over-year, though clarified that was due to higher average selling price, not increased unit sales, because of “some inflation on our cost and [needing] to pass that on to the end customer,” said Intel’s chief financial officer David Zinsner during the earnings call at the time.
Get Tom's Hardware's best news and in-depth reviews, straight to your inbox.
Hallock buttoned up the point clearly: “You're going to have to make some concessions in your product stack, and that's purely to control costs and give people an option that they can actually afford. Otherwise, if you don't do it, the other alternative is it just disappears because it's unaffordable.”
It seems for Intel that the socket split looks like LGA 1700 for mainstream and LGA 1954 for enthusiasts, though Hallock didn’t say that explicitly. In June, Tom’s Hardware first reported on “Raptor Lake Next,” which is supposedly a third refresh to Intel’s Raptor Lake lineup set for early 2027. Hallock didn’t confirm the range to us, though he said that Raptor Lake remains a “core part of the portfolio” that he wants to offer “for years to come.”
LGA 1954 is the socket that Intel’s upcoming Nova Lake CPUs will use. There’s a lot of anticipation surrounding Nova Lake, not only due to the lackluster reception of Arrow Lake, but also the various rumors that have swirled around the range, including the introduction of bLCC as a 3D V-Cache competitor and a 52-core flagship, neither of which have been confirmed by Intel.
Although a lot is riding on Nova Lake, Hallock was clear that, given the current market, it won’t appeal to everyone. “A product like Nova Lake cannot address every single slice of the market. It just can't, given the current market that we're in,” Hallock said. “But I do hope and do believe that people will look back and go, ‘Damn, you know, that was pretty freaking good.’ That's what we’re hoping for.”
You can read the transcript of the full interview at our Tom's Hardware Premium site.
 



Follow Tom's Hardware on Google News, or add us as a preferred source, to get our latest news, analysis, & reviews in your feeds.
Jake Roach is the Senior CPU Analyst at Tom’s Hardware, writing reviews, news, and features about the latest consumer and workstation processors.

Tom's Hardware is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
39,2026-08-15,"PayPal is now negotiating its own sale rather than refusing one, and the Stripe PayPal deal could be announced within weeks. The question has moved from what it costs to whether a competition regulator will let one company own both sides of digital payments.
The Wall Street Journal reported the talks on 14 August. Cara Lombardo, Gina Heeb and Lauren Thomas wrote it. The framing is what changed. PayPal is in talks to sell itself, rather than fielding an offer it has rejected.
Stripe and Advent International proposed $60.50 a share in July, which PayPal considered insufficient. The two sides have been negotiating a higher price ever since. A deal could land in the coming weeks. PayPal declined to comment, and a Stripe spokesperson said the company does not comment on rumours or speculation.
Investors read it as progress. PayPal shares rose about 1.8% on the day the report landed.
This desk reported the $60.50 offer on 15 July, at more than $53bn with roughly $50bn of committed bank financing. Two days later the board called it too low. Shares jumped about 19% to $56.60 on the news.
By the end of the month PayPal answered with a beat and a $70 target from Cantor Fitzgerald, and a chief executive saying he would consider anything offering superior value.
Read in sequence, those three moments look like a company defending itself. Read against Friday’s report, they look like a company setting a price.
The scale is the reason this matters beyond the fee. Stripe processes roughly $1.9trn a year on the merchant side of transactions.
PayPal and Venmo sit on the other side, with more than 440 million consumer accounts. Together the two would handle about $3.7trn a year. Stripe and Advent would hold equal stakes and become joint owners, Reuters reported earlier. Neither has plans to break PayPal up.
The strategic prize is not only volume. A merger could cut Stripe’s reliance on Visa and Mastercard, and let it fold Venmo, PayPal’s checkout and its crypto products into its own stack.
Mergermarket published a regulatory assessment of this deal on 5 August, by Troy Hooper and Serafina Smith. It is the most useful document in the saga so far.
George Paul, an antitrust partner at the law firm White & Case, gave it the line that frames everything. The deal “combines two sides of the digital payment player market”, he said. That is the structural objection in nine words. One company would own the infrastructure merchants use and the wallets consumers pay from.
The data question follows from it. An integrated platform would see merchant transactions and consumer spending and identity at the same time. One of the other voices in that assessment is worth noting for who he is. Aman Verjee is an antitrust scholar at Practical Venture Capital and a former PayPal executive.
Either the Federal Trade Commission or the Department of Justice would run the review. Which of them takes it is not yet clear.
The assessment does not expect a courtroom. It expects conditions. Divestitures are the likeliest, and the analysis names two candidates. Venmo or Braintree would be the pieces to sell.
Behavioural conditions are the alternative, with interoperability mandates the obvious form. Reviews could run across multiple jurisdictions and take years.
Set that beside Reuters reporting no plans to break PayPal up. The most probable route to approval is selling a piece of it.
Braintree is the quieter candidate and the more consequential one. It is PayPal’s merchant processing arm, which is precisely the business Stripe is in.
The company is worth a fraction of what it was. It was trading near historic lows when the proposal arrived, and it has shed roughly $320bn from its pandemic peak.
Enrique Lores took over in March after years at HP. In April he reorganised the company into three units covering checkout, consumer financial services including Venmo, and payments and crypto.
He told investors in May that PayPal would recommit to fundamentals and become a technology company again. The cost side of that plan targets $1.5bn of run-rate savings and cuts about 20% of the workforce over two to three years.
The business itself is not collapsing, which is why the board pushed back. Second-quarter revenue reached $8.68bn, up 5%, with adjusted earnings of $1.38 a share and net income of $1.1bn.
PayPal was founded in 1998 by a group including Peter Thiel, Elon Musk, Max Levchin and Luke Nosek. Almost every one of them left to build something larger.
This is not an isolated move. Stripe entered talks in July to pay about $10bn for OpenRouter, roughly eight times the marketplace’s May valuation.
The pattern is a company buying position rather than revenue. An AI model marketplace and a consumer wallet have little in common except that both sit between a buyer and a seller.
John Collison has been explicit about where he thinks that leads. He argues agentic commerce will make search obsolete and force retailers to optimise for algorithms.
Owning both ends of a payment makes more sense in that world than in this one. It also makes the competition case harder, for the same reason.
Nothing in the published analysis addresses Europe directly. It names US agencies and says reviews could span multiple jurisdictions.
Both companies are licensed here regardless. Stripe operates through Stripe Technology Europe Limited, an Irish entity, and PayPal through a Luxembourg-licensed bank it has run since 2007.
Neither company has said anything about European filings. That silence is worth watching rather than reading into.
The scale makes a filing hard to avoid. A payments business handling $3.7trn a year does not clear European thresholds by staying quiet about them.
Three things, and the first is the number. PayPal turned down $60.50, and whatever it accepts sets the value of a rejection as a tactic.
The second is whether the announcement arrives with a remedy already attached. Buyers who expect a fight sometimes offer the divestiture on day one.
The third is Braintree. If it is quietly excluded from the deal, that tells you what the lawyers concluded before anyone filed a thing.



                                    Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing hi                                                                        (show all)

Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing himself as one of the most connected and respected voices in the ecosystem. At just 23 years old, Cristian was included in the Forbes 30 Under 30 2025 list, representing a new generation of tech builders, bold thinkers who move fast, build with purpose, and create real impact.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
40,2026-08-15,"Carmakers cannot say how long a software-defined car will keep working, and CNBC found an industry admitting it. Two answers are already on the record. Europe, meanwhile, has settled the same question for phones and left cars alone.
Robert Ferris put the question to forecasters and executives for CNBC on 15 August. The average American car is now 12.8 years old, on Mobility Global’s figures. A new one costs close to $50,000, and nobody selling software-defined vehicles will say they last that long.
Sam Fiorani forecasts vehicles for AutoForecastSolutions, and he gave the blunt version. “We honestly don’t know how long these vehicles will last,” he said. “We’re already seeing problems with hardware not being able to deal with new software.”
Tesla said in 2016 that every car it built carried the hardware for full self-driving. Elon Musk reaffirmed it in 2019, naming the Hardware 3 computer as the one that would deliver it. In April this year he said those cars need new computers and cameras for unsupervised FSD. Qualifying owners get a hardware upgrade or a discounted trade-in, and Tesla did not respond to CNBC’s request for comment.
Rivian is being sued over the same shape of problem. This desk covered the class action in June. It was brought by owners of first-generation R1T and R1S vehicles, marketed with hands-free, eyes-off driving.
The complaint contains the sentence that ends the argument about what a patch can fix. “No software update, no matter how sophisticated, will enable its Gen 1 vehicles to perform as advertised.” Second-generation R1s do have the hardware, and they got the feature by update.
Wassym Bensaid, the company’s chief software officer, makes the optimistic case. A software-defined vehicle is “no longer stale in time”, he told CNBC. The least capable Rivian you will ever own is the one you take delivery of.
The engineering answer underneath that is a number. Rivian tries to build in spare capability, which Bensaid calls headroom, to carry seven to 10 years of software upgrades.
Then comes the distinction doing all the work. New features are one thing, he said, and safety or security updates are another. Only the second category carries an indefinite commitment. Your car stays functional and safe for as long as you own it, which is not the same as staying current.
This has happened once already, without a single line of car software changing. AT&T switched off its 3G network in 2022. Millions of vehicles lost emergency response, some navigation and parts of their infotainment.
The cars still drove. Owners simply stopped having features they had paid for, because a third party retired the network underneath them.
Here is what makes the industry’s shrug awkward on this side of the Atlantic. Since 20 June 2025, EU ecodesign rules have required five years of operating system and security updates for smartphones and tablets. They also require seven years of spare parts availability, and a repairability label on the box.
Germany pushed for longer. The desk covered its bid for seven years of updates, which went beyond what Brussels eventually set.
So a €600 phone comes with a legal minimum support period. A €60,000 car does not. The car is the one people keep for 12.8 years.
Vehicles are not unregulated, and the rules are stricter than most drivers realise. Two United Nations regulations cover this ground, R155 on cybersecurity and R156 on software updates. They became mandatory for new vehicle types in July 2022, and for every new vehicle sold in the EU from July 2024.
R156 requires a software update management system covering a vehicle’s operational life. It also gives over-the-air updates a legal basis. The rules apply across the EU, the UK, Japan and South Korea, so American manufacturers selling into those markets comply even though the US sets no equivalent.
They have teeth. Porsche withdrew the 718 Boxster and Cayman from EU sale in 2024 rather than re-engineer them to meet R155.
But read what R156 actually governs. It sets out how a manufacturer must manage updates. It says nothing about how many years it has to keep issuing them. Europe regulated the process and left the duration open, which is exactly the gap Fiorani describes.
Alex Yurchenko of J.D. Power does not expect software to upend used-car pricing overall. He does expect a split, between vehicles with continuing over-the-air support and vehicles without it. The first group holds value better.
His reasoning is about the absence of a yardstick. “There are no widely accepted standards for assessing software-enabled features,” he said. Buyers worry about driver-assistance calibration, feature availability, data privacy, and how long subscriptions and connected services will last.
The battery is no longer the worry, which is the irony here. Data from Recurrent and Geotab showed EV batteries lasting longer than the industry expected. That leaves the computer as the part most likely to date first.
The features in question are not cheap, and they differ sharply. Michael Wayland drove both systems for CNBC over hundreds of miles. He found Rivian’s Autonomy+ ahead of GM’s Super Cruise, and still behind Tesla off the motorway.
Rivian’s system spots traffic signals and tells the driver about them, without acting on them. Tesla’s FSD handled every signal, interchange and exit ramp across nearly 200 miles of Michigan. That included roundabouts and parallel parking.
Pricing runs from $39.99 a month for Super Cruise to $99 for Tesla. Rivian sits between them at $49.99 a month, or $2,500 outright for the life of the vehicle. That last option is the one to think about, because it prices a subscription against a lifespan nobody will define.
The sensor argument cuts the other way. Rivian uses at least 10 cameras, five radars and map data, with lidar due on the R2 early next year. Tesla relies on cameras alone. NHTSA escalated a probe into FSD this year after crashes, including a fatal one where the system failed to warn about reduced visibility.
None of this is cheap to run either. The average US electric vehicle sold for $56,126 in July, the first rise of 2026.
Three things, and the first is a published support period. No manufacturer currently states how many years of feature updates a buyer is entitled to. The first one to do it will make the others answer.
The second is whether Brussels extends the phone rule to cars. The ecodesign framework already sets minimum support lifetimes for consumer electronics, and a car is the most expensive computer most people will ever buy.
The third is what happens at the end. Sam Abuelsamid of Telemetry argues that firms which stop supporting a product should have to release the software to third parties who will maintain it. No regulator anywhere has required that yet.



                                    Technology enthusiast and intern at The Next Web, contributing to research-backed content and investigating new technologies and global even                                                                        (show all)

Technology enthusiast and intern at The Next Web, contributing to research-backed content and investigating new technologies and global events. Interested in business and how the narrative and perception of technology is shaped.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
41,2026-08-15,"Autonomous Drones for Earth Observation
About Voltair
Voltair is building the world’s first distributed network of drones for earth observation. We envision a world where after a major storm, an operator of critical infrastructure can simply sign into our platform and dispatch a drone. Within minutes, we will identify high risk hazards and stream issues directly to crews on the ground. With our ground stations and long range drones, we can cover the continental U.S. with only ~5000 stations. 
We operate as a full stack service, meaning we build drones, deploy them, capture data, analyze it, and deliver the results on our software platform. Our first market is power utilities. We’ve serviced multiple utilities already, and are preparing for our biggest deployment with a large multinational utility later this year.
The Role
We’re looking for a Flight Test Engineer who is equally comfortable soldering a wiring harness on the bench and operating a 54lb fixed-wing aircraft in the field. This is not a pure R&D flight-test role and it's not a pure operations role, it's both. You'll build and validate the test fixtures and hardware that keep our flying robots reliable, and you'll deploy with that same hardware to fly real missions for large enterprise customers. 
You’ll be responsible for turning our prototypes into production grade vehicles, ready to service customer contracts. You'll work closely with our hardware, software, and operations teams, and you'll be one of the people customers see in the field representing Voltair. 
We expect this role to travel about ~1 week every 2 months. 
You’ll be the 7th full time employee of Voltair. On day 1 we’ll begin transitions of all flight testing responsibilities from our CEO to you. Drone manufacturing will follow shortly thereafter. Within 90 days of your arrival, we expect you’ll be deploying our drone for customer contracts. 

Qualifications & Experiences
Required
Nice to Have
We build drones with unlimited range (by recharging on power lines).
The grid is the world’s largest machine. Thus, we can collect data anywhere, anytime.
We're selling a full-stack inspection service to power utilities by delivering reports with annotated photos of equipment that is broken or at risk.
Our mission is to find faults and other maintenance concerns before they spark wildfires.
Today power utilities are our customer, but tomorrow they'll be our deployment partner. At scale we are a new infrastructure layer for data on the physical world.
© 2026 Y Combinator"
42,2026-08-15,The $515 price target for Alphabet stock represents a significant upside potential from its recent closing price.
43,2026-08-15,"Investing

							Nvidia's $10B xAI investment became a $21B SpaceX stake after Musk folded the AI startup into his rocket company via an all-stock deal.													

							Musk confirmed SpaceX will build its AI data centers exclusively on Nvidia's Vera Rubin chips, closing the loop on the circular investment strategy.													

							SpaceX and Intel together represent nearly 80% of Nvidia's disclosed stock portfolio, giving shareholders indirect exposure to rockets and legacy chip manufacturing.													
It sounds nuts, but SoFi1 is giving new Active Invest users up to $3,000 in stock for a limited time, and all it takes is a $50 deposit to get started.2 See for yourself (Sponsor)

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Shutterstock 

Chipmakers used to sell hardware and cash the check. In 2026, they’re increasingly bankrolling the customers who buy it. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT | MSFT Price Prediction) backs OpenAI. Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) backs Anthropic. And Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA), the company supplying the picks and shovels for the entire AI gold rush, has quietly become one of the largest shareholders in the companies building the mines. That arrangement raised eyebrows again this week, and the number attached to it is hard to ignore.
Nvidia’s filing yesterday disclosed a stake in Elon Musk’s SpaceX (NASDAQ:SPCX) worth roughly $21 billion at the end of the second quarter. It’s a position that didn’t exist a year ago, and it says a lot about how tightly Nvidia has wired itself into the AI infrastructure boom it helped create.
Nvidia didn’t buy SpaceX stock on the open market. The position traces back to January, when Nvidia put $10 billion into xAI’s $20 billion Series E financing round, joining Valor Equity Partners, the Qatar Investment Authority, and Fidelity as backers of Musk’s AI startup. That looked like a straightforward bet on a large language model company.
Then, in February, SpaceX acquired xAI in an all-stock deal valued at $1.25 trillion, folding the AI startup into Musk’s rocket and satellite business. Every share of xAI converted into SpaceX Class A stock, and Nvidia’s position went along for the ride — landing at approximately 122.8 million shares. When SpaceX completed its IPO in June, those shares suddenly had a public price tag attached, and at the June 30 close of $170.86, the stake was worth $21 billion. Ironically, a chip investment turned into a rocket investment almost by accident.
That $21 billion now ranks as Nvidia’s second-largest disclosed equity position, trailing only its Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) stake. Here’s how the top two compare, per the 13F:
Together, Intel and SpaceX accounted for almost 80% of Nvidia’s publicly disclosed stock portfolio — a level of concentration most fund managers would never tolerate, but Nvidia isn’t running a diversified fund. It’s using its balance sheet to cement relationships with two companies central to its chip roadmap.
Both positions have since moved. Intel’s stake had narrowed to about $22 billion from $30 billion following the company’s recent secondary offering, and SpaceX shares closed at $140 on Friday — down from that June 30 mark — trimming the position to roughly $17.2 billion. Volatility comes standard with any stock two months removed from its IPO.
Musk didn’t hide the payoff for Nvidia. On SpaceX’s first earnings call as a public company, he said the company will build exclusively on Nvidia chips for its AI data centers, citing the Vera Rubin architecture as having the “best architecture” for training and inference, with a “significant allocation” of Vera Rubin GPUs expected next year.
That’s the arrangement in plain terms: Nvidia funds the customer, the customer commits to buying Nvidia chips, and Nvidia’s equity stake rises in value if the customer succeeds – partly because Nvidia’s own hardware helped it succeed. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) holds a larger SpaceX position, reportedly around $70 billion today, so Nvidia isn’t SpaceX’s biggest backer. But Nvidia is the only one of SpaceX’s major shareholders also selling it the chips.
Nvidia shareholders are getting exposure to SpaceX’s rocket and Starlink businesses almost as a byproduct of an AI chip customer relationship — and that’s worth understanding, not fearing. The Intel and SpaceX positions are real value, backed by real filings, not accounting fiction. 
Granted, circular vendor financing deserves scrutiny, and a $17 billion swing in eight weeks shows how quickly these numbers move. But for long-term Nvidia holders, this stake is a bonus lottery ticket riding alongside the core chip business, not the reason to own the stock in the first place.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
1INVESTMENTS ARE NOT FDIC INSURED • ARE NOT BANK GUARANTEED • MAY LOSE VALUE
Brokerage and Active investing products offered through SoFi Securities LLC, member FINRA(www.finra.org)/SIPC(www.sipc.org).2The probability of a member receiving $3,000 is 0.028%. If you don’t make a selection in 45 days, you’ll no longer qualify for the promo. Members must fund their account with a minimum of $50.00 to qualify. The probability percentage is subject to decrease. Members are only eligible for the Stock Award promotion upon opening their first brokerage account; subsequent cash brokerage accounts are ineligible for the promo, including for members with multiple accounts.
3Other fees, such as exchange fees, may apply. Please view our fee disclosure to view a full listing of fees.
4There are limitations with fractional shares to consider before investing. During market hours fractional share orders are transmitted immediately in the order received. There may be system delays from receipt of your order until execution and market conditions may adversely impact execution prices. Outside of market hours orders are received on a not held basis and will be aggregated for each security then executed in the morning trade window of the next business day at market open. Share will be delivered at an average price received for executing the securities through a single batched order. Fractional shares may not be transferred to another firm. Fractional shares will be sold when a transfer or closure request is initiated. Please consider that selling securities is a taxable event.
After two decades of patrolling the dark corners of suburbia as a police officer, Rich Duprey hung up his badge and gun to begin writing full time about stocks and investing. For the past 20 years he’s been cruising the markets looking for companies to lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio while writing extensively on the broad sectors of consumer goods, technology, and industrials. Because his experience isn’t from the typical financial analyst track, Rich is able to break down complex topics into understandable and useful action points for the average investor. His writings have appeared on The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, Yahoo! Finance, and Money Morning. He has been featured in both U.S. and international publications, including MarketWatch, Financial Times, Forbes, Fast Company, and USA Today.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
SpaceX just told the world it will build its AI infrastructure exclusively on Nvidia chips, yet AMD quietly poured more…
SpaceX's first-ever earnings call gave Nvidia bulls a number so large that one top analyst ran the math and came…
At a recent all-hands meeting, Elon Musk told SpaceX employees that the rocket business they work for is quietly transforming…
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) stock might be grounded, but its GPUs are heading to space as the concept…
Artificial intelligence is no longer just about who builds the fastest chips. Increasingly, it’s about who controls the infrastructure powering…
Jordi Visser of 22V Research made a striking claim on a recent episode of The Pomp Podcast with Anthony Pompliano:…
SpaceX just went exclusive with Nvidia GPUs, and Jensen Huang may be ready to use that momentum to conquer a…
SpaceX is building data centers in orbit, and the partner positioned to profit most may surprise even the analysts watching…
Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA | TSLA Price Prediction) CEO Elon Musk dropped a striking claim during a recent conversation with Baron Capital…
"
44,2026-08-15,"Investing

							Rambus earns a BUY at $113 on record Q2 revenue of $207 million, 20% growth, and a Tier 1 hyperscaler HBM design win.													

							Credo Technology offers faster AI-connectivity growth but commands a premium valuation, while Lattice Semiconductor is Rambus's closest valuation peer.													

							Bears cite a 69% inventory jump to $75 million and net insider selling, capping the downside scenario near current prices at $97.													
The most widely read finance newsletter on Substack isn't published by a bank, it's Doomberg, where 383,000+ readers get the energy and macro analysis the mainstream press misses. 24/7 Wall St. readers save 17% on their first year here.

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Who is Danny / Shutterstock.com
Our Rambus (NASDAQ:RMBS | RMBS Price Prediction) call is straightforward: the memory interface specialist has whipsawed hard in 2026, but the setup looks constructive. Shares closed at $99.33 on August 13, 2026, well off the June peak.
Our 24/7 Wall St. price target for Rambus is $113.17 over the next 12 months, implying 13.93% upside. The recommendation is buy with 90% confidence.
Rambus is up 29.35% over the past year and 8.1% year to date, but the trip has been volatile. The 52-week range spans $67.15 to $174.10, and shares surrendered roughly 28% from the June 2026 peak of $143.29.
The Q2 2026 report on July 27, 2026 delivered the first quarter above $200 million in revenue, with total sales of $207.4 million (up 20% year over year) and non-GAAP EPS of $0.77. Product revenue set a record at $99.2 million.
CEO Luc Seraphin credited “the accelerating demands of data center and AI infrastructure“. Q3 guidance calls for revenue of $210 to $216 million and non-GAAP EPS of $0.75 to $0.82.
The bull case runs on AI memory content growth. Seraphin told analysts that when the market moves to 16 channels per CPU in 2027, MRDIMM will “start to kick in”. Rambus announced “an exciting design win with a Tier 1 US hyperscaler for next-generation HBM”, plus new PCIe 7 Switch IP running at 128 giga transfer per second. Silicon IP is guided to grow 10% to 15% annually.
PineBridge sees datacenter equipment growth “essentially locked in for the next four to five years” at roughly 25% annually. Analyst consensus of $147.50 from six Buy and two Hold ratings anchors the bull view. Our bull scenario prints $171.93, a 73.08% return.
The bear case has teeth. Inventory jumped to $74.8 million from $44.1 million at year-end 2025, and operating cash flow fell 35.14% year over year. Q1 2026 saw non-GAAP operating margin compress to 42% from 46% as R&D climbed to $50.23 million. The put/call ratio sits at 1.48, and insider activity leans net selling.
Management framed the inventory build as strategic build on critical products expected to ramp in Q3, Q4, and early 2027, and the R&D increase funds the HBM4E and PCIe 7 pipeline. Our bear case lands at $97.35, essentially flat.
Credo Technology (NASDAQ:CRDO) is the aggressive AI-connectivity comparison. Credo reported strong recent revenue growth in its most recent quarter. That growth trajectory dwarfs Rambus, but Credo trades at a premium multiple.
Lattice Semiconductor (NASDAQ:LSCC) is the closer valuation peer, with recent quarterly revenue growth on comparable secular themes. Against these peers, our $113.17 target looks reasonable.
The 24/7 Wall St. price target on Rambus is $113.17 with a buy rating at 90% confidence. The combination of record product revenue, a Tier 1 hyperscaler HBM design win, and management guiding double-digit product growth tips the scale.
The setup improves if Q3 lands inside guidance and the hyperscaler ramp shows up in Q4. The thesis weakens if the inventory build turns into a demand air pocket or if DRAM supply tightens further.
These projections track our base-case 5-year path to $153.42 and assume Rambus continues executing on DDR5, HBM, and PCIe 7 IP. Upside could come from MRDIMM ramping in 2027, while downside would follow any pause in AI infrastructure spending.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Vandita Jadeja is a financial copywriter who loves to read and write about stocks. She believes in buying and holding for long term gains. Her knowledge of words and numbers helps her write clear stock analysis. She has contributed to several publications, including the Joy Wallet, Benzinga, The Motley Fool and InvestorPlace.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Rambus just beat earnings on every single line and still cratered more than 14% over two sessions, leaving investors wondering…
Rambus (NASDAQ:RMBS | RMBS Price Prediction) has been one of the loudest AI memory winners of the past year, with…
After a rally that has lifted Rambus (NASDAQ:RMBS | RMBS Price Prediction) 133.15% over the past year, the memory interface…
Our Rambus (NASDAQ:RMBS | RMBS Price Prediction) call is a tough one to make, because this stock has been a…
After a violent June rally sent Rambus shares soaring and a brutal July pullback erased nearly a third of those…
I’m initiating coverage on Credo Technology (NASDAQ:CRDO | CRDO Price Prediction) after one of the wildest weeks in the AI…
Rambus just shed nearly 30% from its June peak while two major Wall Street firms initiated coverage with aggressive buy…
Credo Technology (NASDAQ:CRDO | CRDO Price Prediction) has become one of the AI infrastructure trade’s most explosive winners, with shares…
Live Updates Why Rambus Is Down 12% After Earnings Feb 2, 2026 at 4:17 PM EST Despite Rambus reporting a…"
45,2026-08-15,Co-founder Sergey Brin wants Google to keep improving Gemini capabilities.
46,2026-08-15,"Search
Follow us on social media
Follow us on social media

                        Last updated: August 15th, 2026 at 14:46 UTC+02:00                    
SamMobile has affiliate and sponsored partnerships, we may earn a commission.
Market share for other products increased as well. 
Reading time: 2 minutes
Samsung Electronics
Samsung Foundry's Shin Jong-shin delivering a keynote speech during SAFE Forum 2026 event in Korea
Samsung is a dominant player in the global DRAM market, and the latest market figures reiterate the company's solid position. 

Its global DRAM market share has hit nearly 40% in the first half of this year, amid a relentless demand super cycle for memory chips. 

According to a report out of South Korea, Samsung's global DRAM market share hit 39.4% in the first half of this year. This was an increase of 5.4 percentage points from last year's 34% market share during the same period.

Rising demand and constrained supply has provided Samsung with incredible pricing power. Average sales price for DRAM chips has skyrocketed over the past year and shows no signs of a downturn just yet.

Samsung also saw a favorable trend in its global smartphone market share despite overall market weakness. It recorded a market share of 22%, largely due to the robust performance of the Galaxy S26 series, up 1.8% percentage points from the same period last year.

Among the company's other products, the total market share for TVs came in at 30.6% across the globe for H1 2026. It registered a 1.5 percentage points increase due to higher sales of premium models, including its Micro RGB and OLED TVs. For display panels, Samsung's market share increased to 46.5% while its share of digital cockpits for vehicles came in at 13.9%.

 [email protected]
 First Samsung device: SGH-E900
Adnan Farooqui is a long-term writer at SamMobile. Based in Pakistan, his interests include technology, finance, Swiss watches and Formula 1. His tendency to write long posts betrays his inclination to being a man of few words.

© 2026 SamMobile. All rights reserved."
47,2026-08-15,"Investing

							NVDA trades at 17x forward earnings despite 65% revenue growth, with 51 analyst Buy ratings and a consensus price target 36% above current levels.													

							NVIDIA excluded all China Data Center compute revenue from Q1 FY2027 guidance yet still projected $78 billion in revenue, proving non-China demand dominates.													

							Larry Fink's prediction that oil could fall to $40 a barrel may trigger a rotation out of energy and into high-growth tech heading into H2 2026.													
The most widely read finance newsletter on Substack isn't published by a bank, it's Doomberg, where 383,000+ readers get the energy and macro analysis the mainstream press misses. 24/7 Wall St. readers save 17% on their first year here.

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© mcgorie / Shutterstock.com
BlackRock CEO Larry Fink previously said that he thinks oil prices could fall significantly, potentially dropping to $40 a barrel or being cut by more than half if the Iran war resolves favorably and Iranian oil returns to global markets. Of course, that is a big question mark as the conflict continues and traffic in the Strait of Hormuz continues to be impeded. But if the situation does resolve, investors should prepare to rotate out of energy names and into the likeliest tech firms set up for a run in the second half of 2026.
The one that makes the most sense is NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) at 17x forward earnings is the clearest setup in large-cap technology right now.  A company generating $96.58 billion in free cash flow annually, growing revenue at 65% year-over-year, does not trade at 17x forward earnings without offering investors a genuine discount window.
The 17x figure contrasts sharply with Wall Street’s pricing. The analyst consensus target sits at $305.94, roughly 36% above the current price of $225.13. The forward EPS embedded in the price model is $6.22, meaning the stock trades at a meaningful discount to where earnings trajectory implies it should be priced. Analyst sentiment backs this up: 51 Buy ratings versus zero Sell ratings. That is consensus, not division.
Q4 FY2026 revenue came in at $68.13 billion, up 73% year-over-year, with non-GAAP EPS of $1.62 beating the consensus estimate of $1.52 by 7%. Nvidia beat EPS estimates in every quarter of FY2026. Data Center revenue hit $62.31 billion in Q4 alone, up 75% year-over-year, with networking revenue surging 263% year-over-year on NVLink adoption. Q1 FY2027 guidance calls for revenue at ~$78.0 billion, with non-GAAP gross margin expected at ~75%. That is acceleration on an already massive base, with next earnings due May 20, 2026.
The Blackwell architecture ramp is generating revenue at scale. Vera Rubin is next in the pipeline. Jensen Huang has committed to an annual product cadence with a roadmap extending through 2028. Strategic partnerships are locked in at gigawatt scale: CoreWeave is contracted for 5 gigawatts of AI factories by 2030, and OpenAI is building toward 10 gigawatts of Nvidia infrastructure. Meta committed to millions of Blackwell and Rubin GPUs in a multiyear deal. “AI is growing faster and will be larger than any platform shifts before, including the Internet, mobile, and cloud,” Huang said on the Q1 FY2026 earnings call. That framing is supported by the numbers.
The most cited bear case is China export restrictions. The H20 charge totaled $4.5 billion in Q1 FY2026, and Q1 FY2027 guidance explicitly excludes all China Data Center compute revenue. The company guided $78 billion in revenue anyway. Full-year FY2026 revenue grew 65% to $215.94 billion despite that headwind. Non-China demand is overwhelmingly outpacing the loss. The bear case was stress-tested in real time, and Nvidia passed.
With $58.5 billion remaining under share repurchase authorization and a stock that has returned 78% over the past year, the setup for a retirement-focused investor with a multi-year horizon centers on a dominant infrastructure platform trading at a valuation that assumes growth has already ended, when the data says it has not.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Joel South covers large-cap stocks, dividend investing, and major market trends, with a focus on earnings analysis, valuation, and turning complex data into actionable insights for investors.
He brings more than 15 years of experience as an investor and financial journalist, including 12 years at The Motley Fool, where he served as an investment analyst, Bureau Chief, and later led the Fool.com investing news desk. He has also co-hosted an investing podcast and appeared across TV and radio discussing market trends.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) is generating revenue at a pace that most companies never reach in a lifetime,…
NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) at $196.50 sits at an interesting level. The “sell in May and go away”…
NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) at $235.74 screens attractively under $250. President Trump’s China visit and growing signals that…
NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) shares have pulled back from their 52-week high while the underlying business accelerates. Here…
NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) stock has cooled off from its highs, but our proprietary model still sees room…
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) has delivered a 56% gain over the past year, yet 2026 has been…
NVIDIA’s climb to a $5.2 trillion market cap in late April 2026 has the kind of fundamental scaffolding that makes…
NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) just picked up another bullish data point from Wall Street. KeyBanc raised its price…
Investors are watching NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) ahead of Q1 fiscal 2027 results due after the close…"
48,2026-08-15,"If you’re anxious about the stock market, you’re not alone. Here are three things that could make you more vulnerable than most other investors."
49,2026-08-15,"Investing

							PayPal (PYPL) surged after reports of active sale talks with a Stripe and Advent International consortium, following a previously rejected $60.50-per-share bid.													

							Stripe, valued near $159 billion, would gain PayPal's 439 million active accounts and Braintree's merchant footprint, creating a combined $3 trillion payment platform.													

							CEO Enrique Lores confirmed the board will objectively evaluate every opportunity as Q2 revenue hit $8.68 billion with non-GAAP EPS beating consensus at $1.38.													
It sounds nuts, but SoFi1 is giving new Active Invest users up to $3,000 in stock for a limited time, and all it takes is a $50 deposit to get started.2 See for yourself (Sponsor)

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© JasonDoiy / Getty Images
PayPal (NASDAQ:PYPL | PYPL Price Prediction) shares jumped Friday after CNBC’s MacKenzie Sigalos reported on-air that a Wall Street Journal story had recently been published detailing active sale discussions between PayPal and a consortium led by private fintech rival Stripe and private equity firm Advent International.
Sigalos framed PayPal’s share price move as driven by deal speculation: “Those shares are popping on a Wall Street Journal story saying that the fintech firm is in talks to sell itself to a group that includes Stripe and then private equity firm Advent International.“
She reminded viewers of the backstory: “It was just a few weeks ago that the PayPal board weighed a bid by Stripe and Advent when they proposed paying $60.50 a share for PayPal, a price that the PayPal board viewed as insufficient at the time, according to some of the sources speaking to the Journal.”
PayPal closed Friday’s trading session at $61.66, up 1.77% on the day, 4.38% on the week, and 11.06% over the past month. PayPal currently trades at just 11.1x next year’s expected earnings and 9.1x expected FCF. The stock still trades below its 52-week high of $78.53, and shares remain down 77.38% over five years. Analysts have an average price target of $58.83, implying they think the company is just about fairly valued today with a market cap of $52.7 billion.
Prediction markets moved in step with the report. Polymarket’s “Will Stripe acquire PayPal in 2026?” contract jumped from an 18.3% implied probability on August 14 to 38.1% on August 15. A parallel market on Stripe acquiring “any part” of PayPal sits at 66.5%, suggesting traders view a partial carve-out (think Braintree or Hyperwallet) as more probable than a full takeout.
On PayPal’s Q2 earnings call, new CEO Enrique Lores addressed the acquisition speculation head-on: “As a matter of policy, we don’t comment on market speculation or potential M&A discussion. As a board and management team, our responsibility is to maximize long-term shareholder value.”
He added that the board is “open and has a clear responsibility to objectively evaluate every opportunity that is presented to us, compare it with our own plan, and choose the option that creates more value.” This implies management is leaving the door open to more favorable acquisition offers.
Q2 2026 revenue came in at $8.68 billion, up 4.8% year over year, with non-GAAP EPS of $1.38 beating the $1.28 consensus. Total payment volume rose 10% to $486.45 billion. Venmo TPV grew 14% year over year, Braintree accelerated to 13%, and BNPL rose 26%.
If Stripe bought PayPal, it would gain PayPal’s consumer network, Venmo’s roughly 439 million active accounts, and Braintree’s enterprise merchant footprint. Stripe is currently a private company valued at about $159 billion.
Advent International is expected to bring financing for the deal, as well as the operational playbook to squeeze cost out of the PayPal business, which has cycled through three CEOs in under a year (Alex Chriss, interim Jamie Miller, then Lores). A combined platform would process about $3.7 trillion in payment volume, which means the deal would likely invite regulatory scrutiny.
With PayPal stock currently trading at $61.66, above Stripe’s rejected $60.50/share bid for PayPal, the market is pricing in the possibility that Stripe might eventually make a higher offer. Options positioning skews bullish, with a full-chain put/call ratio of 0.17.
Nothing is signed, but PayPal’s rejection of the original $60.50 bid suggests Stripe and Advent may need to return with a richer offer. Investors should now watch for a revised proposal, a formal board response, or a potential deal for only part of PayPal’s business.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
1INVESTMENTS ARE NOT FDIC INSURED • ARE NOT BANK GUARANTEED • MAY LOSE VALUE
Brokerage and Active investing products offered through SoFi Securities LLC, member FINRA(www.finra.org)/SIPC(www.sipc.org).2The probability of a member receiving $3,000 is 0.028%. If you don’t make a selection in 45 days, you’ll no longer qualify for the promo. Members must fund their account with a minimum of $50.00 to qualify. The probability percentage is subject to decrease. Members are only eligible for the Stock Award promotion upon opening their first brokerage account; subsequent cash brokerage accounts are ineligible for the promo, including for members with multiple accounts.
3Other fees, such as exchange fees, may apply. Please view our fee disclosure to view a full listing of fees.
4There are limitations with fractional shares to consider before investing. During market hours fractional share orders are transmitted immediately in the order received. There may be system delays from receipt of your order until execution and market conditions may adversely impact execution prices. Outside of market hours orders are received on a not held basis and will be aggregated for each security then executed in the morning trade window of the next business day at market open. Share will be delivered at an average price received for executing the securities through a single batched order. Fractional shares may not be transferred to another firm. Fractional shares will be sold when a transfer or closure request is initiated. Please consider that selling securities is a taxable event.
Thomas Richmond is a financial writer and content strategist with 5+ years of experience covering stocks and financial markets. He has published over 250 articles focused on individual stock analysis, helping investors better understand business fundamentals, stock valuations, and long-term opportunities.
Thomas previously served as a Content Lead at TIKR, a stock research platform, where he helped scale the company’s blog to hundreds of articles per month and contributed to a weekly newsletter reaching more than 100,000 investors.
He specializes in breaking down complex companies into clear, actionable insights for everyday investors, with a focus on fundamentals-driven research.
His work has also been featured on platforms including Seeking Alpha and Sure Dividend.
Outside of work, Thomas enjoys weight lifting and soccer.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Stripe and a private-equity giant are circling PayPal with billions in committed financing, but at least one famous short-seller says…
A rejected buyout offer, an aggressive buyback program, and a valuation half that of its closest rival paint an unusual…
David Sacks issued a sharp warning to tech executives cozying up to Washington regulators, while investors are already debating whether…
A joint takeover bid sent shockwaves through PayPal and every fund tied to it, but one popular income ETF is…
PayPal (NASDAQ:PYPL | PYPL Price Prediction) currently trades around $50.48, while the average Wall Street price target sits at $52.97.…
If you have been closely watching shares of PayPal (NASDAQ:PYPL | PYPL Price Prediction), you haven’t missed its 30.7% collapse…
Cooler wholesale prices hit the tape just as chipmakers are flexing their earnings muscle, and the combination is reshaping how…
Argus initiated coverage of PayPal with a Buy rating and a target price of $42, implying upside of about 23%…
A couple of Cathie Wood's Ark Invest funds sold over 225,000 shares of PayPal on March 31."
50,2026-08-15,"Investing

							The AI Investor Podcast from 24/7 Wall St. is publicly investing $1 million. The average return of our picks is up 147%, and we're initiating a $10,000 SEI position, targeting Solaris's direct SpaceX contracts and mobile turbines that bypass grid queues.													

							Power Solutions (PSIX) rallied this week, demonstrating that investors are looking for companies that can fill behind-the-meter needs as the AI build out accelerates in 2027.													
It sounds nuts, but SoFi1 is giving new Active Invest users up to $3,000 in stock for a limited time, and all it takes is a $50 deposit to get started.2 See for yourself (Sponsor)

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Shutterstock 
In this segment from The AI Investor Podcast, hosts Eric Bleeker and Austin Smith walk through a new portfolio addition tied directly to the SpaceX (Nasdaq: SPCX) and hyperscaler data center power buildout. The pick is Solaris Energy Infrastructure (NYSE:SEI), a behind-the-meter power provider that Bleeker sized as a $10,000 position, or about 1% of the million dollars he’s investing publicly in the AI Investor Portfolio. The discussion also revisits Power Solutions International (NASDAQ:PSIX) as evidence that supply-constrained power infrastructure names are already being repriced by the market.
You can watch the full podcast segment below, where Bleeker and Smith break down the Solaris thesis and how it fits into the broader SpaceX data center spending story.

If the above YouTube link doesn’t work, you can copy and paste the segment URL int your browser: ttps://www.youtube.com/embed/98dk_2os6sg?si=QNBm6qBDTs2gyES4&amp;start=1663
Solaris already has a working relationship with SpaceX and deploys mobile gas turbines that can be dropped in place to power data centers behind the meter, sidestepping the multi-year grid interconnection queues that are choking new AI capacity. That practical, real-world plumbing is why Bleeker framed Solaris as the cleanest way to get exposure to SpaceX’s intention to spend $300 billion to $500 billion building out six to 10 gigawatts of capacity by the end of 2027.
Recent contract wins shows Solaris has momentum. In Q2 2026, Solaris reported adjusted EPS of $0.39 versus $0.23 estimated and revenue of $219.4 million, up 31.5% year over year. The company disclosed an expanded Hatchbo agreement for a full turnkey ~660 MW power plant with a tenor of up to 18 years to serve AI workloads, along with three long-term contract expansions expected to add more than $100 million in annual adjusted EBITDA. Management raised the Q3 2026 adjusted EBITDA outlook to $90 to $105 million and established a Q4 2026 range of $100 to $120 million.
CEO Bill Zartler summarized the momentum on the earnings report: “We are executing, expanding our contracted scope and continuing to build Solaris into a proven power and infrastructure business well positioned to serve our customers.”
Bleeker made a point about the entry price. SEI closed at $63.30 on August 14, well off the 52-week high of $86.19. Over the past three months, the stock is down 19.31%, even as year-to-date performance stands at +38.23% and the one-year return is +133.56%. That drawdown from the highs is what Bleeker referenced as the roughly 30% pullback, giving the portfolio a chance to enter a name that had otherwise been running.
Sell-side sentiment is positive. Alpha Vantage lists an analyst target price of $94.41, with 5 strong buys, 8 buys, and 1 hold. Forward valuation is rich, which reflects the growth curve baked in from the hyperscaler contract flow.
Bleeker used Power Solutions International to illustrate how fast the market is repricing behind-the-meter suppliers when SpaceX-related demand shows up. He cited the 22% rally in one week as a signal that hyperscalers and SpaceX will chase any available supply to outpace competitors. PSIX shares closed at $40.54 on August 14, with the one-month move at +21.16%, even as the stock remains down 50.08% over the past year.
PSIX’s Q2 2026 earnings report backs the narrative. Adjusted EPS came in at $0.78 versus consensus $0.27, revenue was $152.54 million versus $133.95 million estimated, and gross margin expanded roughly 420 basis points to 27.1%. New CEO Kenneth Li told investors: “Looking ahead, demand for our data center power solutions remains strong. Based on our current production schedule, we expect second-half sales to exceed first-half sales as larger Power Systems orders move into production.”
Bleeker also pointed to Bloom Energy surging 15% after Nebius moved power at a New Jersey site to Bloom as another data point in the same trend. Later in the podcast, Bleeker referenced that Nebius earning showed compute deals being signed at $20 to $25 billion per gigawatt. Those figures explain why the race is on to build new capacity as quickly as possible.
If you enjoyed this segment, subscribe to The AI Investor Podcast for weekly breakdowns of the stocks, suppliers, and infrastructure names powering the AI buildout. New episodes are available on YouTube, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and all major podcast providers. Recent episodes are linked below. We’ve recommended more than 50 stocks (for free!) on the podcast, and our average recommendation is up 147%. Don’t miss out on the biggest news in the investing world and new stock recommendations each week!.


Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
1INVESTMENTS ARE NOT FDIC INSURED • ARE NOT BANK GUARANTEED • MAY LOSE VALUE
Brokerage and Active investing products offered through SoFi Securities LLC, member FINRA(www.finra.org)/SIPC(www.sipc.org).2The probability of a member receiving $3,000 is 0.028%. If you don’t make a selection in 45 days, you’ll no longer qualify for the promo. Members must fund their account with a minimum of $50.00 to qualify. The probability percentage is subject to decrease. Members are only eligible for the Stock Award promotion upon opening their first brokerage account; subsequent cash brokerage accounts are ineligible for the promo, including for members with multiple accounts.
3Other fees, such as exchange fees, may apply. Please view our fee disclosure to view a full listing of fees.
4There are limitations with fractional shares to consider before investing. During market hours fractional share orders are transmitted immediately in the order received. There may be system delays from receipt of your order until execution and market conditions may adversely impact execution prices. Outside of market hours orders are received on a not held basis and will be aggregated for each security then executed in the morning trade window of the next business day at market open. Share will be delivered at an average price received for executing the securities through a single batched order. Fractional shares may not be transferred to another firm. Fractional shares will be sold when a transfer or closure request is initiated. Please consider that selling securities is a taxable event.
Eric Bleeker has been investing for more than 20 years. He began his career working at Microsoft before joining Motley Fool, one of the largest publishers of financial research. In his 15 years at Motley Fool Eric served as the General Manager for Fool.com and led coverage in the Technology & Telecom sector. In addition, he was a featured columnist and has hosted dozens of investing seminars attended by more than a million total investors. Eric has more than 1,000 financial bylines to his name and has been featured in The Wall Street Journal, CNBC, Fox Business, and many other leading publications. He is currently focused on artificial intelligence investing and is a CFA Charterholoder.
Latest Podcast Episode
A New Portfolio Add In Our Most Important Episode Of The Year
76 min
See us invest in our favorite AI stock ideas for free
Jensen Huang just structured a $500 billion compute fund with a design that one Wall Street CEO compared to the…
A major AI cloud operator just handed Bloom Energy a high-profile data center contract, and the ripple through the fuel…
The AI infrastructure arms race has reached a staggering scale. Hyperscalers are collectively pouring approximately $700 billion into AI CapEx…
Three AI infrastructure stocks are surging Wednesday after a blowout earnings report set off a chain reaction across GPU compute…
Summary:To ring in 2026, our 24/7 Wall St. Analysts Eric Bleeker and Austin Smith are counting down 12 trends for…
In a recent AI Investor Podcast discussion, hosts Austin Smith and Eric Bleeker delved into the monumental announcement by Meta…
Barclays just turned more constructive on the AI data center power story. Analyst Christine Cho raised her price target on…
Social media turned sharply bearish on memory stocks like SanDisk and Micron last weekend, and some analysts were calling time…
March has handed AI investors something they rarely get: a pullback! Market have been sliding this week as investors fret…"
51,2026-08-15,"Tokenized equities reached 1.31 million holders over the past month, as monthly transfer volume surged 179% to $23.13 billion and distributed value rose 5.9% to $2.38 billion.
The number of tokenized stock holders has more than doubled over the past month to 1.31 million, according to RWA.xyz data.
Monthly transfer volume surged nearly 180% over the same period to $23.13 billion, while monthly active addresses increased 34.62% to nearly 572,000. The total distributed value of tokenized stocks also rose 5.9% to $2.38 billion.
At the time of writing, Ondo leads the market with about $872 million in distributed value, followed by Kraken’s xStocks at $557.8 million and Binance’s bStocks at $521.8 million. BStocks launched in June and is already within roughly $36 million of xStocks in distributed value.
According to RWA.xyz, the largest individual tokenized assets by distributed value include Securitize at $145.2 million, Strategy PP Variable xStock at $135.6 million and Ondo’s tokenized Circle shares at $99.7 million. 
Source: RWA.xyz
Related: Hyperliquid RWA contracts grow to 32% of trading activity in Q2
The recent growth in tokenized equities follows a wave of crypto platforms pushing into private-market and pre-IPO products earlier this year, particularly around SpaceX ahead of its June 12 public-market debut.
In the months leading up to the listing, Binance, Coinbase, Kraken, Bybit, Bitget and Blockchain.com rolled out products tied to SpaceX, ranging from tokenized pre-IPO exposure to perpetual futures and proxy tokens.
Despite substantial demand, including $557 million drawn by a Binance campaign ahead of the listing, the push did not go entirely to plan. Binance, Bybit and Bitget Wallet canceled their tokenized SpaceX IPO campaigns after xStocks failed to secure enough underlying shares to meet demand, triggering refunds for subscribers.
Despite the failed pre-IPO allocations, tokenized SpaceX exposure through Binance’s bStocks has grown to $67.9 million in distributed value since the company’s June 12 listing, ranking seventh among individual tokenized assets tracked by RWA.xyz data.
The growth in tokenized equities comes amid a broader expansion in real-world asset tokenization, which Standard Chartered forecasts could become a $4 trillion market by the end of 2028.
Top tokenized stocks by distributed value. Source: RWA.xyz
Magazine: Bitcoin to $1M by 2030 is ‘mathematically impossible’ says Markus Thielen 
Cointelegraph is committed to providing independent, high-quality journalism across the crypto, blockchain, AI, and fintech industries.
All news, reviews, and analyses are produced with full journalistic independence and integrity. For more details on our standards and processes, please read our Editorial Policy."
52,2026-08-15,
53,2026-08-15,"Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) cleared a notable regulatory hurdle on August 10, when Britain’s drug regulator authorized the company’s oral GLP-1 drug orf..."
54,2026-08-15,"Login

Ro 
15 August 2026


Honor Android Hands-on

In the somewhat stale smartphone market, Honor decided to shake things up a bit and finally launched the much-anticipated Honor Robot Phone. As the name implies, it's no ordinary phone, and it doesn't belong to the already existing Honor smartphone lineups. Instead, the Robot Phone bags several ""industry first"" technologies and it's built on over 100 patents.
And if the photos are not obvious enough, the centerpiece feature is the robot arm-like gimbal that extends and can do all sorts of stuff. Honor says it's the world's most compact gimbal, weighing only 2.6g and being 6mm thin. It's also about 65% smaller than the popular DJI Osmo Pocket series.
The gimbal itself is equipped with a large 200MP 1/1.28"" sensor and f/1.6 aperture. In our experience, the phone felt like a proper standalone gimbal camera. It easily offers the best stabilization on a phone ever. It smooths out not just walking but running, too.
The arm can swivel without moving the phone, which helps you snap tricky shots or high-quality selfies with the main shooter. There are even creative modes like automatic 180-degree pans.  The gimbal is also capable of tracking and following you, keeping you centered in the frame. However, it works only with people, and in our experience it might lose track of you in crowds.
Maybe not practical, but the gimbal can also dance and speak, while making faces on the screen when interacting with the YoYo AI assistant. It really breathes life into the otherwise somewhat depressing experience of speaking to your phone, and it feels as if you are interacting with a creature, not a screen. 



Honor Robot Phone
The main camera on the gimbal is also aided by two other snappers attached firmly to the back of the phone - a 2.7x telephoto camera with a similar 200MP 1/1.4"" sensor and a 50MP ultrawide shooter with macro-level capabilities.
But this goes beyond innovative hardware. The Chinese smartphone maker partnered with the professional-grade cinema equipment manufacturer ARRI. That means the Robot Phone gets native Log-C3 video encoding, LUT color grading and a dedicated cinema mode that makes the footage look like it's captured on a proper ARRI camera. Honor uses the Robot Phone as a wide-scale, open-world testing of the ARRI color profiles before implementing them in the Magic9 series.
During our time with the phone, we did notice some issues, though. The most obvious one is the weight - 248 grams for a 6.3-inch phone is a lot. Then again, it's hard to expect anything else considering all the extra hardware required. Honor used over 100 components just for the gimbal and went through 60 manufacturing processes.



Honor Robot Phone
Also, the glass that covers the gimbal is kinda flimsy and easy to move when you use the phone. And if you happen to do that the gimbal will refuse to back down. Not a huge issue as you get a warning on the screen, but a nuisance nonetheless.
Beyond the novelty, the Honor Robot Phone is a proper flagship. It offers a super-bright 6.3-inch LTPO OLED screen with anti-reflective coating and a Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 chipset. The memory configurations go up to 16GB/1TB, while the battery is rated at 7,060 mAh with support for 120W wired and 90W wireless charging.
Sadly, although not a prototype but an actual product, it will only be produced in small quantities in China. Honor sees the phone as a tech showcase aimed at enthusiasts, not a proper commercial product.
The surprisingly low price (CNY 9,999 ($1,482) for the base 12GB/512GB version) suggests the same. There's obviously a lot of R&D and cost that went into building the Honor Robot Phone, so if the company wanted to make a second generation, it would have been priced more adequately. So treat it as a marketing piece and a tech showcase for now, as we doubt we will see a sequel.
In any case, it's refreshing to see someone trying to rethink the whole smartphone thing, since the last exciting form-factor innovation we got was the foldable phone and that was seven years ago.
why there's any video in the news, pictures are nothing I would like to see how it works on video
This is more of a niche though when it comes to innovation.  It's not a practical feature that suddenly most phones will adopt.  There may be one or two competitors but that's it.    
 
Reminds me a bit of the pop-up selfie camera fad.
Any custom rom on it?



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2026 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use

"
55,2026-08-15,Nvidia’s latest investments could give the chipmaker an even bigger stake in the infrastructure boom powering artificial intelligence.
56,2026-08-15,"On August 5, Corpay Inc. (NYSE:CPAY) announced in its second-quarter 2026 earnings call that the company’s revenue hit $1.34 billion. This number was up 21%..."
57,2026-08-15,"DoorDash, Inc. (NASDAQ:DASH)’s shares are down by 12.5% over the past year and by 1.3% year-to-date. On August 6th, the shares closed 2.9% higher after the f..."
58,2026-08-15,"There was a time Cloudflare just made the internet better by staying hidden like Batman’s identity: protect & fight the bad people, for the sake of the global city of the Gotham… err I mean the internet.
When I installed Cloudflare on my website for the first time 10 years ago - it saved me tons of megabytes, saved me money on bills and also the moment it sent me a monthly reporting on how my site was performing… that’s when I knew Cloudflare (CF) was AWESOME.
Because Cloudflare was doing a few things well: it sat in front of your site, ate the attacks, cached the static stuff, did the DNS, and that’s it.
No BS.Good infrastructure. Fast. Reliable. Boring in the best way.
The new stuff. Not so good.
More importantly this is my personal opinion on my personal blog, you can disagree, that’s ok with me!
Fundamentally I work at a small AI startup, rely on CF and I am a not-totally-unhappy-but-also-not-totally-happy customer of theirs.
CF is a big business, a big money making  machine. Today they are bigger than ever and still route a ton of the daily web (something like 1 in 3 requests or so).Great job for the shareholders and whatnot, the safety and caching layer they sell is doing something right and pays the bills (stock is at an all time high as I write this).
No matter how well the stock is doing the last few years CF turned itself into something a little more cringey and clique (but not as bad as others cough △). 
Today it doesn’t feel like a company ran by good engineers, it’s now PMs and vibecoders with what I call AI psychosis: dream it -> vibe it -> ship it.Lost touch with reality
First of all tons of more outages than ever, remember that React useEffect fkup [0]? Complete insane that this would happen at an infra company that runs a third or so of the web.
Outages are omnipresent but let’s talk about my biggest complaint: the DX.
The developer experience feels like bolted on as an afterthought.
But CF is an infra company, with badass engineers, shouldn’t the DX be top?
Instead CF decided it also wanted to be a cloud platform for everyone, kids, dogs, and vibers.
How did we get there?The AI product manager mindset.
Ship slop, post it on X, get 200 like rinse and repeat.
Instead of focusing on expertise, reliability and simplicity…
This is how an INFRA company got product-managed into something closer to the problem it used to solve.
When an infrastructure company gets crushed by a full product management org, you know what’s coming next: first features multiply. Naming turns into marketing (Hyperdrive? sounds cool right? ship it). All that seem to matter are some half-finished primitives, cousin-wife style.
Examples? Ok -> Let us look at data storage.
They got D1 (SQLite serverless), Durable Objects with their own SQLite, KV, R2, Queues, and Hyperdrive to speed up external Postgres or MySQL.
STILL no real first-class managed PostgreSQL that feels native. Keyword here is that it must feel native.
Hyperdrive is a smart connection pooler and cache for databases that live somewhere else. 
Useful but an admission they never built the database most serious apps still want.
In the end you end up gluing three or four storage products together and hoping the docs for that combo aren’t six months out of date (IYKYK).
Ok maybe you’re gonna think: “YOU DON’T KNOW WHAT YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT DUDE”.
Let’s take a look at the compute side.
Woops.
Compute is the same mess.
There’re Workers.There are also Dynamic Workers, runtime-spawned isolates sold as a light alternative to containers for AI agents and untrusted code.
Then Sandboxes (on Containers).
Then full Containers…
and a bunch of “code mode” paths around it all, so agents can write and run stuff.Each one has different isolation, startup time, pricing, and bindings.None of them is just “the place you run code.”Picking between them means reading multiple docs pages that contradict each other or lag the actual product.
Ok maybe you’re gonna say: “ DUDE WE NEED DIFFERENT LAYERS OF COMPUTE FOR DIFFERENT”. OK THEN - I MUST BE WRONG AGAIN.
Let’s look at the latest and greatest hype.AI Agents.
Agents are even noisier.Agents SDK.Flue.Project Think.Cloudflare OS (they just open-sourced their internal agent workspace).
And the observability gets bolted on later (more on this below this section).
Every new announcement adds another harness or framework instead of finishing the one they already have.Classic product manager move: add more surface area, maximize incoherence till the point developer experience feels like an internal experiment that escaped the sandbox (get it?).
RAG same story. AutoRAG got renamed AI Search. It’s just a managed pipeline on R2, Vectorize, Workers AI. Fine for demos and hackathons.But in real use it lags proper RAG platforms or even a decent open-source stack on quality, filtering, hybrid search, and actual visibility.When it “Works for simple cases”… you know that is a low bar for an infrastructure company.
Docs kill me. You can’t just ‘redesign’ the UI and call it a job done. Pages ship incomplete. Examples rot. New products show up without the precise, versioned reference material (or even basic SKILL.md stuff for agents) that real infrastructure needs.
Trust goes away When the company itself is shipping AI-generated stuff that later needs disclaimers and TODO cleanups. [1]Every engineering knows that documentation is part of the product. If you can’t get the docs right - how can you get adoption and trust? Treating it like secondary marketing…no bueno.
Peeking at Workers AI, the inference layer, just keeps the pattern going:As latency got better and they added bigger open models, things seemed going up, then you look deeper and you see it still trails specialized providers on speed for a lot of workloads and on having the newest frontier models.
Cloudflare pitch itself as the place to run agents, but the catalog is worse than last year’s IKEA.Then performance force a lot of teams to send the hard inference somewhere else and treat Cloudflare as plumbing again. [2]
A lot of this comes from caring more about fighting Vercel on X than building a solid layer on top of the infrastructure layer.Edge functions, frameworks, agent runtimes, “full-stack” announcements keep coming day in and day out, but the core network, reliability, and simplicity that made Cloudflare different get less consistent attention. It feels like AI psychosis has wrapped the whole upper echelon, so the product org gets measured on feature velocity and competitive posts instead of making the existing stuff excellent.
This AI craze led the whole team to produce a sprawling catalog of overlapping tools, each good enough for a blog post. None of them the clear durable answer an infrastructure customer actually needs.
This is what product managers do to an infrastructure company when nobody stops them.They optimize for announcement cadence and surface-area growth.The coherent, trustworthy infrastructure layer that made Cloudflare matter? That layer is getting harder to find under all the noise.
Cloudflare has spent years announcing progress on Observability. Logs became “Generally Available.” Unified Observability section showed up in the dashboard. Automatic tracing went into open beta. Query Builder, metrics views, OpenTelemetry export got added. Marketing says first-party observability that finally matches the platform.SIIIIIIKEReality feels a lot different because the core pieces stay partial, buggy, or just missing when you need them.
Their own docs list hard limitations that never went away. Tracing is still open beta [3] (it literally says BETA on the badge next to the name Tracing on their docs site AUG 2026).Non-I/O operations often report 0 ms because of Spectre mitigations in the runtime. Trace context doesn’t propagate to external services, so end-to-end visibility across non-Cloudflare stuff is broken on purpose. Span attributes are incomplete; they’re still planning to add more. Even paid accounts reported the platform wrongly applying aggressive 1% sampling even when head_sampling_rate was set to 1 and usage was way under quota - luckily it got fixed [4]. How can you ship logs with bugs, does anyone else use observability?
Community threads show the day-to-day pain (don’t worry they fired the community managers facepalm one more bad decision): people report that logs vanish from the dashboard while wrangler tail still shows them in real time. One big March 2026 incident had most logs stop showing across an entire account—only scattered entries appeared even with correct config, available quota, and no code changes.
One developer put it clean: “logs and traces from workers in one click is the missing piece, workers observability has always been the weak spot.” They keep shipping adjacent features while the basic experience of “I want reliable logging for Workers” stays incomplete.
Remember this scenario? it’s Monday. Open HN and shout “Dad wake up new Cloudflare product dropped”. Within hours a Product Manager posts the announcement on X. Post is optimized for engagement—clean screenshots, bold claim, a thread. Then the long blog post: a 6000 word story, aspirational framing, dashboard screenshots, a few customer quotes, and almost no real technical talk about the hard trade-offs or why they picked this design over the alternatives. Is talking about engineering decisions considered secret sauce? Or was it because ChatGPT suggested it?
Every other Monday a new drop:Another agent harness.Another sandbox variant.Another managed RAG pipeline.Another way to run code.
The post smell like marketin from a mile away, but you’re an infrastructure company. Who else is gonna read those blogs? Dieticians?
The deeper problem sits above the product managers. Look at the current leadership and the question is unavoidable: where are the infrastructure people who once defined Cloudflare?
They still have strong engineers (hi Kenton Varda). But the center of gravity shifted. CF is optimized for announcement cadence, competitive positioning against Vercel, and the next AI story.The people who understand the hard constraints of running a global anycast network, the subtleties of isolate isolation, control-plane reliability… seem to have less authority now.
You know how you know? The 2026 workforce cut made the priority clear. About 1,100 roles gone framed as an AI-driven (AI Slop) move toward an “agentic” operating model. Old talent keeps flowing to OpenAI, Anthropic, and other AI labs.
What Cloudflare needs is more T-shaped infrastructure peepz. People deep in systems, networking, runtime design, and reliability. And product managers should exist to serve those people.
You might not believe it reading this far but a lot of people like me still love the underlying product. The cloud network. That’s exactly why the current path is so frustrating. I feel like this is death by a thousand AI slops: AI Psychosis.
Cloudflare still has time to reverse it. Hire people that care and don’t just chase the F.I.R.E. at 35 with multiple hundred thousand dollars a year + RSUs for posting a viral tweet.
[0] https://blog.cloudflare.com/deep-dive-into-cloudflares-sept-12-dashboard-and-api-outage/[1] https://www.thestack.technology/cloudflare-matrix-blog-ai-assisted-vibe-coding/[2] https://developers.cloudflare.com/ai/models/[3] https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/observability/traces/[4] https://www.answeroverflow.com/m/1484012295314215104"
59,2026-08-15,"The original Xbox Kinect was unveiled to wide-eyed gamers in 2010 for the Xbox 360. The accessory was an immediate success thanks to its futuristic-feeling ability to track motion and hear voices. Over the next few years, the Kinect set the standard for controller-free gaming, as it gave players a peripheral that read their physical body movements with decent accuracy. And of course, families clearly wanted something that let kids be active and turned the living room into a fun, virtual playground. But the second-generation Xbox One Kinect, originally launched in 2013, was the last iteration of the unique home video game accessory. 
So, why exactly did Xbox stop making the Kinect? The best explanation comes down to gaming console pricing and shifting market priorities. When Microsoft launched the pricey Xbox One, the console was struggling to compete directly with Sony's PlayStation 4. Microsoft eventually decided to unbundle the Kinect from the Xbox One's packaging six months after its release, dropping the console's retail price by a full hundred bucks to match the PlayStation 4's $399 price. 
Microsoft had a plan to put the Kinect in every Xbox gamer's house, which would then offer assurance to game developers for the platform. The unbundled Kinect, however, was no longer a safe bet; the peripheral was now left to its limited family and fitness titles. The company officially stopped producing the Kinect entirely by 2017, shifting its focus to subscription-based gaming (à la Xbox Game Pass) and the core gaming experiences its fans were actually asking for. Even today, Microsoft is working on tech that might let you digitize physical games.
The highly criticized launch of Microsoft's Xbox One signaled the beginning of the end for the Kinect. In late 2013, Microsoft forced the new Kinect into every Xbox One box. This mandatory add-on not only caused an issue by raising the console's initial price to $499 (with no initial opt-out option for those who didn't want a Kinect), but also spooked consumers with privacy concerns. Users were uncomfortable with the Kinect's constantly listening microphones and always-watching camera in their homes, a foreboding concern that mirrors today's worries over always-on smart home gadgets like indoor security cameras.
The forced Kinect bundling was a strategic blunder by Microsoft, though it eventually chose to sell standalone units. It's easy to see why the company was eager to distance its core gaming brand from the Kinect and win back frustrated players.
While the Kinect was once Microsoft's hottest item, it's unlikely to make a comeback. However, it's still possible to see the Kinect's DNA living on in our tech today. The depth-sensing technology it used was later adopted in augmented reality hardware and Apple's Face ID for iPhones, and Kinect's microphones and voice-command elements were precursors to tech like smart home assistants. Microsoft's Kinect might have just been in the right place at the wrong time. It was an important stepping stone given all of the truly useful technology it contained. If you still have one, there are some clever ways to use your old Xbox Kinect."
60,2026-08-15,"
            LiveJournal  — v.932


      LiveJournal  — v.932



By logging in to LiveJournal using a third-party service you accept LiveJournal's User agreement
  queenursula wrote in ohnotheydidnt  
  August 15 2026, 09:38  
Pixar is officially diving into the supernatural with their very first ghost movie: Ghost Market, arriving in Spring 2028! 👻 #D23 pic.twitter.com/7qhea6LurP

v.932
"
61,2026-08-15,"Data centers are showing up in cities, towns, and farmland across the country. With more than 4,100 data centers in the United States, they appear as giant windowless buildings that require a lot of power to operate the artificial intelligence (AI) that powers well-known brands like Claude, ChatGPT, and Copilot. Data centers have made news headlines for raising electricity and water bills -— with Amazon's data centers using over two billion gallons in a year -— but they may be doing more than that for (or to) your home.
A study from George Mason University's Center for Regional Analysis uncovered that homes may actually be worth more if they are near a data center. The report found that the prices of homes in the area of Virginia colloquially known as ""data center alley"" are worth more than similar homes located farther away from data centers. This goes for all types of homes, including single-family units, townhomes, and condominiums. The farther away a home was from a data center, the lower its sales price tended to be, according to the study. However, there may be more to it than just being near a data center.
Data suggest that this phenomenon is linked to a few different aspects, including access to transportation, the job market, and infrastructure. Homes are built near power, utilities, and where the internet already exists, and the same is true for AI data centers. That desirability also correlates to the increased price for homes in the area, not just being near an AI data center.
AI data centers are not particularly welcomed by the general public, and a recent poll shows that. The results from Emerson College show that 63% of United States voters do not want AI data centers to be built near their town, city, or neighborhood. That is up 21% from when the same question was posted in December 2025. Even home prices being higher near a data center isn't enough to sway people on this topic, at least not on the whole.
One way the presence of a data center nearby could impact a homeowner is an increase in traffic. Workers traveling to and from their jobs at these data centers can lead to more congestion headaches for local drivers. Aside from making traffic more difficult, this situation also increases noise, one common problem of a data center in a community. It's another factor that makes current owners fear that data centers will make their neighborhoods potentially less inviting for potential home buyers.
Data suggests that as more jobs are created with the increase of AI data centers, the economy of the region is boosted. This can also have an impact on the housing market, thus supporting higher home prices. However, homes and residents near an AI data center may also have to deal with increased water and electric bills, industrialization, a decrease in green space, and visual impacts, due to how distracting and imposing the data center buildings can be. It's a tradeoff, the real impact of which on home prices won't be known for years to come.

Having a home near an AI data center may be good for the seller, but only if they're able to find someone to buy it. Homeowners who live near an AI data center may think, ""If I ever want to sell my house, would it be more difficult to do so?"" According to some real estate agents, homes next to data centers and construction sites may take more time to sell. Buyers interested in purchasing a home may also ask more questions while viewing a home.
Data centers require space and land, as do homes and neighborhoods. They are both competing for space to build new sites, but data centers may be outbidding contractors who oversee the construction of homes. For instance, Virginia saw two separate land deals purchased by Amazon and SDC Capital Partners. Either area could have been a new neighborhood, but the businesses bought both of them within a few days for the express purpose of building new data centers.
Homeowners who live near a data center are struggling as they watch the behemoths devour resources and buy up nearby houses to gain even more land. As data centers continue to expand and new sites are built, the land necessary to build new homes shrinks. Those who already live near a data center or a potential site may see a theoretical increase in their home's value, but they also may not have an easy time selling their homes."
62,2026-08-15,"We may receive a commission on purchases made from links.
The expert hardware testers at Consumer Reports ranked various laptop and Chromebook models from today's market against each other based on metrics such as performance and versatility. When it comes to brand reliability, though, there's one name that consistently ranks above all others on CR's current list — and it's not Asus or even MSI. Based on estimated problem rates derived from over 75,000 Consumer Reports surveys, the most reliable laptop brand right now is Apple.
It's clear to see why Apple is one of the laptop brands with the best reputation for reliability when it holds a prestigious place in so many categories. The 2026 MacBook Air holds the top spot for reliability in CR's 12- to 13-inch laptop category. The 14-inch MacBook Pro is the most reliable option in the 14-inch laptop category. And the MacBook Pro MX2X3LL/A is rated as the most reliable laptop in the 15- to 16-inch category, plus it's among the highest-rated laptops by Consumer Reports overall.
It may be the 2024 model, but it holds up as a solid product that received top marks as a machine for work, multimedia, and general productivity when reviewed by the experienced testers at RTINGS. User sentiment also tends to support the idea that MacBooks are incredibly reliable. Even when users on Reddit report defects, it often comes with the caveat that their situations are hyper-specific. Highly upvoted comments indicate that these scenarios do not represent the vast majority of MacBook Pro users.
The biggest elephant in the room is the operating system. Depending on your preference, experience, or work environment, getting an Apple laptop that runs on macOS might not be a practical option for you. Luckily, Consumer Reports highlights some very reliable Windows machines in its laptop ratings list as well, including some models from popular brands like Asus or MSI.
However, the LG Gram 17-inch Copilot+ PC sits at the top of CR's 17- to 18-inch laptop category for reliability and ergonomics. According to surveys from Consumer Reports, LG has shown to perform consistently over time and is often recommended by everyday owners. When ranking popular laptop brands from best to worst, LG often finds itself in the top spot due to high average scores across all models for various scoring metrics, including reliability.
LG laptops come with the Windows operating system installed, so they deserve top consideration if that's your preference. If you're interested in making a switch to a brand that's on an even bigger winning streak in terms of reliability, it might be time to stop falling for the common macOS myths that are holding you back from giving Apple a try.
Found this useful? Join our free weekly newsletter for smart tech buys and products to avoid."
63,2026-08-15,
64,2026-08-15,"BREAKING: Market Ready To Run? Walmart, Target Ahead

Dow Jones futures will open Sunday evening, along with S&P 500 futures and Nasdaq futures. Walmart, Target and Ross Stores headline a big week of retail earnings. Viking Holdings and Alibaba (BABA) also are on tap. The stock market rally can't quite decide if it's ready to rev up again. The S&P 500 hit a new high Thursday. But a…
Copyright ©2026 Investor's Business Daily, LLC. All rights reserved. 87990cbe856818d5eddac44c7b1cdeb8

8/15/2026
					Three out of the five top stocks should more than double annual earnings. Nvidia is seen nearly doubling earnings this...				

8/15/2026
					Three out of the five top stocks should more than...				
Tokenization is coming to the stock market, promising increased liquidity, lower costs and immediate trade settlements as transactions move to public blockchains. (© Jon Krause)
Get instant access to exclusive stock lists, expert market analysis and powerful tools with 2 months of IBD Digital for only $20!
Get market updates, educational videos, webinars, and stock analysis.
Learn how you can make more money with IBD's investing tools, top-performing stock lists, and educational content.
Information in Investor’s Business Daily is for informational and educational purposes only and should not be construed as an offer, recommendation, solicitation, or rating to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, but we make no guarantee as to its accuracy, timeliness, or suitability, including with respect to information that appears in closed captioning. Historical investment performances are no indication or guarantee of future success or performance. Authors/presenters may own the stocks they discuss. We make no representations or warranties regarding the advisability of investing in any particular securities or utilizing any specific investment strategies. Information is subject to change without notice. For information on use of our services, please see our Terms of Use.
*Real-time prices by Nasdaq Last Sale. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. Ownership data provided by LSEG and Estimate data provided by FactSet.
IBD, IBD Digital, IBD Live, IBD Weekly, Investor's Business Daily, Leaderboard, MarketDiem, MarketSurge and other marks are trademarks owned by Investor's Business Daily, LLC.
©2026 Investor’s Business Daily, LLC. All Rights Reserved."
65,2026-08-15,
66,2026-08-15,"Phone manufacturers are slowly relearning how to develop flip phones. One of the latest models is Samsung's Galaxy Z Flip 8. Not to be confused with the old-school flip phones that are making a comeback, the Flip 8 is a smartphone with a foldable screen. Unfortunately, Samsung has a habit of sourcing components from a variety of sources, which will allegedly hurt the Samsung Z Flip 8 in the European market because it features different specs depending on where it's sold.
In the U.S. and Canada (and possibly China), the Flip 8 utilizes a Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 chip; but Flip 8s sold in Europe, India, and South America are powered by Samsung's own (and significantly weaker) Exynos 2600 chip. Customers in Europe who were looking forward to a new, more powerful foldable smartphone don't have to search elsewhere with a rival company, but they will have to spend extra money. The Galaxy Z Flip 8 released alongside two other folding phones: The Galaxy Z Fold 8 and the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Pro.
The Flip 8 is the smallest of the bunch and sports the weakest battery and lowest-resolution screen, but in the U.S., they all share the same Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 chip. Samsung opted against giving the Fold 8 and Fold 8 Pro a different processor in Europe, so while they won't use the Exynos 2600, European customers who want to avoid that chip will have to spend an extra $700 or more on an already expensive phone. A price they are apparently willing to pay, according to Samsung's pre-order numbers.
The Exynos 2600 has nothing on the Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 chip, but there's a difference between a component that is comparatively inferior and a low-quality component. The gulf in performance between an Exynos 2600 and a Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 really only comes into play when you start performing power-intensive tasks such as games. The Snapdragon is obviously going to provide higher quality graphics without sacrificing framerates, and it won't heat up as much while gaming.
If you just use the phone for calls, photography, and the like, though, you won't notice much of a difference in performance between the chips. That being said, the European Galaxy Z Flip 8 might fall behind the U.S. version in one more metric: battery life. People who have tested both chips have found that phones powered by a Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 last significantly longer than equivalent devices that use an Exynos 2600.
And that's just with phones where the CPU is the only difference. To pour salt in that wound, the entire family of European Galaxy Z Fold 8 phones, not just the Flip 8, ships with batteries that are rated for fewer recharge cycles than the US equivalents. This major downgrade for E.U. Galaxy Z Fold 8 phones all but guarantees that the European Flip 8 won't last as long as the U.S. model, both per charge and in the total lifespan."
67,2026-08-15,"Torres scored Spain's winner against Argentina in the 2026 World Cup final 
Ferran Torres, who scored the winning goal for Spain at the World Cup, has joined European champions Paris St-Germain from Barcelona.
The 26-year-old has signed a deal with the French champions until 2031 for a reported fee of about 50m euros (Â£42.7m).
He scored the extra-time winner against Argentina to help Spain claim their second men's World Cup last month, while his stock had already risen considerably after a strong season with Barcelona.
The forward scored 21 goals in 49 appearances in all competitions, providing three assists, and helped Barcelona win the La Liga title.
PSG, managed by former Barcelona coach and player Luis Enrique, have won the Champions League in the past two seasons.
Torres is the second high-profile forward PSG have signed this summer after the arrival of Maghnes Akliouche from Monaco.
PSG added to their silverware collection on Wednesday by beating Aston Villa 2-1 to win the Uefa Super Cup.
Torres has been at Barcelona since 2022 having previously spent two years at Manchester City.
He has scored 25 goals in 65 appearances for Spain and made his debut for the national team under Enrique.
PSG could lose Bradley Barcola this summer, with the forward wanted by Liverpool.
This video can not be played
Ferran Torres finally gives Spain a lead against Argentina
Romero reflects on Spurs stay as Atletico move confirmed
Listen to the latest Football Daily podcast
Get football news sent straight to your phone
Rashford returns as AC Milan highlight issues facing Carrick
Hunt wins third gold as Asher-Smith makes history
Fernandez booed by Chelsea fans as Alonso offers glimpse of blueprint
Puzzle lovers: Here are more clues about Ludwig's next conundrums
How Dennis Amiss revolutionised cricket pitch safety in 1977
Tommy and John Fury discuss modern-day entertainment
A wake-up call to find the perfect pillow
'Fury' at Tarling death as cycling union calls for better helmets
'Absolutely miles ahead!' GB women win brilliant relay gold. Video'Absolutely miles ahead!' GB women win brilliant relay gold
Soaring heat, falling crowds - The Hundred's peculiar summer
Fresh rivals & forced to settle for silver - but Hodgkinson up for fight
'Pressure will follow him' - Rocky Flintoff faces up to tests ahead
Are fans now more invested in star names than clubs?
'Glam helps mentality' says Hunt - can it give you a winning edge?
Chelsea say no Fernandez move as deadline passes - but is it really over?
Will you beat our mega football nicknames quiz?
Who to pick, who to avoid - your team's FPL assets analysed
Critical former refs add to culture of fear - Taylor
Weekly sports quiz: Tattoos, transfers and photo finishes
Can Sunderland defy the Premier League doubters again?
European Championships: Day seven schedule & BBC coverage
Only wins can stop England's curfew hokey-cokey
Copyright Â© 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking."
68,2026-08-15,"Assume every AI model works exactly as promised and every demo ships. The spending still doesn't pencil out, because in a competitive market the buyer never gets to keep what the tokens save. And the early receipts point at the worst version of that world: jobs traded for tokens, dividend still missing.
August 10, 2026 | AI Economics | Data Analysis
Every AI bear case you've read is a bet against the technology. The models are overhyped, the agents don't work, the pilots quietly die. Ed Zitron has built a whole beat on it.
This piece makes the opposite bet. Assume the models work. Assume they keep getting better. Assume every demo ships. The problem isn't the technology. It's the customer's math: all this spending only makes sense if somebody buys roughly $1.2 trillion of tokens a year, climbing toward $2.5 trillion by 2031.
So who's the buyer? And do they ever get their money back?
Short answer: the buyer is payroll, and no.
And you won't have to wait a decade of productivity statistics to check my work. It shows up first in one place: hiring. What hiring already shows is the bad version: so-so automation, jobs traded for tokens with the dividend still missing.
Let's try to get a grasp of the size of this whole boondoggle. Start with what's being spent. Goldman Sachs models AI capex[1] at $765 billion this year, rising to $1.6 trillion a year by 2031; that's $7.6 trillion all in. Obviously that's a projection, not a promise, but company guidance is in the same neighborhood. Microsoft[2] is guiding to about $175 billion of reported capex this year (roughly $190 billion before a lease-accounting change), Meta[3] to $130–145 billion, Amazon[4] to about $220 billion, and Alphabet[5] to $195–205 billion. That's roughly $733 billion for the four of them at the midpoints, or call it $748 billion on Microsoft's old basis. Oracle[6] runs on its own fiscal calendar, but its next-year indication works out to as much as $95 billion gross[7]. Stack them all and you're in the $830–840 billion range, with the caveat that the fiscal periods and definitions don't line up perfectly.
It's not spread evenly. Oracle just finished a fiscal year spending $55.7 billion on capex against $67.4 billion of revenue[6]. That's 83 cents of every dollar it brought in. The big four are nowhere near that, but they're all at levels that would have looked insane five years ago.
Can cash flow cover this? Not really. Alphabet, the best case, generated $53 billion of free cash flow over the past year even after $132 billion of capex[8]. Oracle just ran a fiscal year about $24 billion free-cash-flow negative[6]. Sector-wide, the Bank of England estimates the buildout needs roughly $1.5 trillion of outside money[9] under current plans, including about $800 billion from private credit (a forward-looking estimate for the whole sector, refreshed this July[10], not a claim that every checkbook is empty). Some of it is plain debt; a lot of it is leases, capacity deals, and private-credit structures.
Without getting a CPA involved, let's do some quick payback math. AI chips don't earn forever. Alphabet books its servers over about six years[11], but a chip can stop earning premium rates long before the accounting says so[12]: the next generation shows up and undercuts it. And once you're buying new hardware every single year, the question stops being ""when does this batch pay off"" and becomes ""what does the whole machine need to earn, every year."" That's just annual capex divided by the margin on compute. Say the sellers keep 65 cents of each revenue dollar after the direct cost of serving it. That number is my assumption; move it if you want, I don't care. The $765 billion of capex spend needs about $1.18 trillion of revenue a year just to cover the hardware. We're talking about practice, not the game, practice. That's before salaries, buildings, interest, or a single dollar of return for anyone. At 2031's spending rate, the number is about $2.5 trillion. So who is going to spend that?
It's complicated. A lot of today's ""demand"" is the supply side buying from itself. Microsoft's money flows to OpenAI, and OpenAI's compute runs on Microsoft's cloud[13], and the FTC found these partnerships came with requirements to spend big chunks of the investment right back on the partner's cloud[14]. Amazon has put $8 billion into Anthropic[15], Google another $2.55 billion[16], and Anthropic buys enormous amounts of compute from both[17]. Nvidia owns a piece of CoreWeave[18], added $2 billion more[19], and commits to buy up to $6.3 billion of CoreWeave's unsold capacity through 2032[20]. Real money moves, real revenue gets booked, and some of it may even reflect real demand. But entangled revenue can't prove the thing this essay needs proven: that an outside customer, spending only its own money, will pay.
We've seen this movie. In the late-90s telecom bubble, Lucent extended about $8 billion of financing to its own customers, and Nortel about $3 billion[12]. Vendor financing made demand look structural when a lot of it was the sellers funding their own order books[21]. And keep the ending of that story in mind: much of the fiber was real and eventually useful. It got lit, it carried the internet, consumers won huge. The overbuild destroyed enormous amounts of investor capital anyway. Useful infrastructure and destroyed capital are not opposites.
That doesn't make the labs' revenue fake. It means you have to count it carefully: money from actual outside companies and actual consumers counts. Money from your own investors, partners, and suppliers doesn't.
Consumers are real, just small. AI apps pulled in over $4 billion of in-app purchases in the first half of 2026[22], a number that leaves out web subscriptions and API deals, and one that's growing fast. It's still $4 billion per half-year against a hurdle of a trillion per year.
Consumers are real, just small. AI apps pulled in over $4 billion of in-app purchases in the first half of 2026[22], a number that leaves out web subscriptions and API deals, and is growing fast. It's still $4 billion per half-year against a hurdle of a trillion per year.
So where does a trillion a year in tokens come from? Pretend for a second you're the CFO at Uber (trust me, you're qualified). Suddenly you have a $100 million token bill. You can either cut $100 million somewhere, or plan for your top line to grow by $101 million. The explosive scenario is that now every person you hire is 10x more productive and your revenue per employee goes way up.
Either way, the pool is the same one. US employee compensation runs about $15 trillion a year[23]. Worldwide, labor's share of GDP is a bit over half[24], so against a world economy of about $118 trillion[25], call it $60 to 62 trillion. But be honest about the subset: tokens don't threaten plumbers or heart surgeons, and hands-on work is most of the pool. Count only work that can travel down a wire, about 37% of US jobs, carrying about 46% of wages because desk jobs pay better[54] (an upper bound, by the authors' own description), and you get roughly $6 to 7 trillion in the US, maybe $18 to 25 trillion worldwide; that's my own wage-weighted extrapolation from their occupational classification, since remote-capable shares drop fast outside rich countries[54]. Exposure isn't all-or-nothing either: the best task-level estimates put about 19% of workers with half their tasks exposed to models and 80% with at least a tenth[55], so the addressable pool is really task-slices across many jobs, not whole occupations. And coding, the one vertical with proven big-dividend smoke, is about 5.3 million US workers earning roughly $630 billion[53]: the entire wage pool of the conquered territory is less than one year of the buildout. So the honest math: a $1 trillion token bill is about five cents of every addressable wage dollar. Payable. But it's a third the size of the headline pool, and the bulls need territory nobody has taken yet.
For scale, estimates of the entire global software market run from about $700 billion[26] to $1.4 trillion a year[27], depending on what you count. And you can already see the first drops moving: one study, ""Payrolls to Prompts""[28], found the companies most exposed to AI increasing their spending with model providers while cutting spending on hiring marketplaces, relative to everyone else. Tokens in, contractors out.
So now there are three worlds we can find ourselves in, and you can read them straight off the jobs data.
More layoffs. Substitution, the simple math: fire people, hire tokens. Wages avoided, visibly.
Hiring frozen. The quiet version of the same thing. Uber spends a dollar on tokens to stand up a bike-courier business. The token bill still gets paid (customers fund it, the way passengers fund jet fuel), but the dispatch, support, and routing jobs that line would have needed in 2019 never get posted. And the freeze isn't a knife-edge between firing and hiring, because tokens take the work that scales with volume and leave humans the work that scales with exceptions, and that's coverage, a step, not a dial: two pilots per cockpit however good the autopilot gets, and a third adds nothing. The veteran is worth keeping, the new hire adds roughly zero, and attrition shrinks a frozen company 10 to 15% a year without a single headline. A layoff on layaway: it's how teller ranks thinned after mobile banking[46], it's what Klarna ran in public[47][48], and it's why the canary lives at the bottom rung, since the routine work that used to justify, and train, the junior hire is exactly what the tokens took[52]. Either way, and this is the spine of the piece, the price a token can charge is anchored to the cost of the human who would have done the task. Wages paid, or wages avoided.
More hiring. Genuine expansion. This is the scenario everyone is hoping for: companies make new revenue on top of the token bill, hire more people, and grow faster, with the machines and the humans compounding each other. So price the hope. By 2031 the bill is about $2.5 trillion a year, and a buyer only comes out ahead if the tokens generate more than they cost, so the world's companies would need to mint at least $2.5 trillion of genuinely new output a year, plus a margin for themselves. That's a little over 2% of world GDP[25] in brand-new production, an economy roughly the size of Italy[29], materializing and then sticking around. And it has to show up fast: the chips need paying back inside a three-to-six-year window, while the new-revenue stories run on longer clocks; a new drug can still take roughly a decade to develop and approve[30]. The growth is possible. The depreciation is scheduled.
One honest exception to the wage anchor: work with no human alternative at all, an agent grinding through a million-step problem overnight, something no team could do at any price. There, the anchor is what someone will pay, not what a person costs. That category is real. Nobody has measured it; my judgment is that today it's small.
Which world you get isn't a mystery. A century and a half of automation, and the task framework Daron Acemoglu and Pascual Restrepo built to explain it[43], says it comes down to three gates, in order.
Gate one: the size of the dividend. Is the saving big or small?
Small savings displace the worker without moving the price. Acemoglu's name for this is ""so-so automation""[43], and his example is self-checkout: the cashiers are gone, the groceries cost the same, and now you do the scanning for free. Phone-tree customer service, same story: the operators left, the service got worse, the savings were marginal. The closest dress rehearsal for token spending is the enterprise RPA wave of 2015 to 2020: heavily hyped, big license spend, and EY itself warned that 30 to 50% of initial projects were failing[61]. Savings that never showed up anywhere a customer could see.
Big savings change everything downstream. The assembly line took the Model T from about $850 to about $290[58], turned the car from a luxury into a universal product, and grew motor-vehicle employment from roughly 85,000 wage earners to about 400,000 in fifteen years[58]. Containerization cut the cost of loading a ship from $5.83 a ton to about 16 cents and is credited with boosting trade among industrialized countries by roughly 500% over the following fifteen years[59]. Spreadsheets erased roughly 400,000 bookkeeping and accounting-clerk jobs and added roughly 600,000 accounting jobs[60]. ATMs cut tellers per branch from about 21 to 13, which made branches cheaper to open, so banks opened 43% more of them, and teller employment rose for three decades, until mobile banking automated nearly the whole job and the decline finally came[46].
Notice the tell that separates the two lists: in every big-dividend case, a price collapsed. In the so-so cases, it didn't.
Gate two: demand elasticity. A big dividend isn't enough; people have to want more of the thing when it gets cheap. The warning here is the tractor. Agriculture's dividend was enormous, nothing so-so about it. But people can only eat so much. Farm work went from about 41% of the American workforce in 1900 to under 2% anyway[56], and the gains funded other sectors instead of more farming. The open question for cognitive work is which kind it is. A lot of it is intermediate demand (support tickets, compliance reviews, invoice processing), things firms want less of per unit of business, not more. That's agriculture-shaped. Some of it (creation, entertainment, software people actually want) might be genuinely elastic. Nobody knows the split, and the split is most of the answer.
Gate three: reinstatement. Even when the first two gates open, the new human work has to actually appear. Historically it has: about 60% of the jobs Americans do today are in occupations that didn't exist in 1940[45]. But it's the slowest gate, and the gap between displacement and reinstatement is where the pain lives.
One more number before the receipts. In 2024, Acemoglu priced the measurable path, the tasks AI can already do and the savings on each, at a total-factor-productivity gain of no more than 0.66% over ten years, on the order of 1% of GDP[44]. He explicitly declined to price new products and new tasks. So the leading academic estimate of the first two worlds comes to about one percent of GDP, and the entire bull case lives behind gates two and three, in the world nobody can measure yet.
A big dividend can't hide. When the price of a core input collapses, it leaves smoke everywhere: in prices, in margins, in behavior, eventually in the macro numbers. Containerization showed up in loading costs immediately and in trade volumes within a decade. So instead of arguing about the future, inventory the smoke.
Price smoke: none. Software isn't getting cheaper for the buyer. Neither is legal work, consulting, or anything support-heavy. Three years into the boom, try to name one price a customer pays that has collapsed because of tokens.
Corporate smoke: cost numbers only, and small ones. JPMorgan's roughly $600 million of efficiencies[40] is about a third of one percent of its $185.6 billion of 2025 revenue[57], a so-so-sized number at big-dividend prices. Morgan Stanley finds about a quarter of the S&P 500[33] (roughly 40% of the companies it counts as real adopters[34]) reporting some measurable benefit, and ""at least one measurable benefit"" is a low bar read off earnings calls by AI. What doesn't exist anywhere: a large company crediting tokens with a point of revenue growth.
Volume without revenue. Sensor Tower estimates about 235,800 App Store submissions in Q1 2026, up 84% from a year earlier[37]. Shots on goal, everyone credits the coding tools, and there's no matching consumer spend on the other side. Volume smoke without price smoke or revenue smoke is exactly the so-so pattern.
Behavioral smoke points the wrong way. Uber capped AI coding tools at $1,500 per employee per month[31] after teams burned the annual budget in four months[32]. You don't cap a gusher. Klarna announced its AI assistant was doing the work of 700 support agents[47], then spent 2025 recruiting humans back into customer service after its CEO admitted cost had been ""a too predominant evaluation factor"" and quality had suffered[48]. And a preliminary MIT-affiliated report[36] found roughly 95% of corporate AI pilots invisible in the P&L. Early-stage work (52 interviews, 153 surveys, never peer-reviewed), so hold it loosely. But it rhymes.
Macro smoke: none yet. The cleanest reading comes from the San Francisco Fed: labor productivity has run hot since 2023, but total factor productivity, the series a genuine technology dividend is supposed to show up in, has barely moved, and their model puts just a 21% probability on a high-growth regime by the TFP data[49]. Their interpretation is close to this essay's: the gains so far look like better tools for workers, not a broader transformation. An NBER survey of nearly 6,000 executives[35] agrees from the inside: 89% saw no productivity impact from AI over the past three years, and over 90% saw no effect on headcount. The honest caveat: every general-purpose technology has lagged in the statistics, and electricity took decades. The lag excuses the absence. For now.
Genuine smoke, in exactly two narrow places. Translation is the cleanest hit in the labor data: a one-point rise in machine-translation use cut translator employment growth by about 0.7 points across US cities, roughly 28,000 positions that never got created[51], and 36% of translators report losing work to generative AI, with 43% reporting falling income[50]. (Rates are under pressure too, but nobody has published clean price data, so I'll leave that claim on the table.) Coding is the other: the velocity gain is real, and the monetization of that velocity is unproven. See the App Store bullet above. The question that decides everything is whether these are the first two verticals of fifty, or the only two.
And the seller layer is billowing. Google Cloud grew 82% last quarter, to $24.8 billion, with $8.8 billion of operating income at a 36% margin[8]. The segment bundles plenty of non-AI business, but somebody is unambiguously getting paid. Thick smoke at the shovel-sellers and none at the diggers isn't evidence against this essay. It's the first ending, already in progress.
One more thing about why the smoke is thin. Layoffs make headlines; frozen requisitions make nothing. The so-so world doesn't arrive as an event, it arrives as an absence. That's why ""no effect"" surveys and a so-so trend are perfectly compatible, and it's why entry-level hiring is the canary: early-career workers in the most AI-exposed occupations have already seen 16% relative employment declines while their experienced colleagues held steady[52]. Nobody announces the job that never gets posted.
By this point, token spending comes in two shapes, and they don't behave the same. Some of it is cost of goods, tokens baked into a product that sells, like the bike business. That spending is durable. Nobody cuts the ingredients of a product that's selling: the airline industry has famously failed to earn its cost of capital across its history[38] (it still doesn't[39]), and the fuel bill got paid through all of it. The rest is insurance: defensive spending with no product attached, bought so nobody can say you fell behind. That's the fragile part.
So: three endings, and you can tell them apart from the jobs data alone.
One: the race continues. The cost-of-goods spending compounds, fear keeps the insurance renewed, and the compute layer gets paid out of the adopters' hides. In hiring terms: the freeze deepens. No bloodbath, no headline, just a labor market that quietly stops absorbing new people, one unposted requisition at a time.
Two: the insurance gets cancelled. Enough CFOs ask ""where's the return?"" in the same quarter. What synchronizes them? The usual things: a rate spike, an earnings recession, one bad quarter that makes every board ask why the AI line doubled. Insurance is an expense you cut the moment money gets tight, and this is the most expensive insurance ever sold. The cost-of-goods spending survives that moment; the insurance doesn't. My read of the smoke above is that most of today's spending is still insurance-shaped, and if that's right when the trigger comes, the freeze thaws, and a large piece of that $7.6 trillion is stranded, never earned back by anyone.
Three: the so-so world arrives. The dividend turns out real but small: self-checkout at civilizational scale. The layoffs and freezes happen anyway, because the token bill has to be funded, but prices don't fall and the pie doesn't grow. The wage pool shrinks with nothing handed back to the customer, who is, of course, the same person who lost the wages. This is the ending nobody's modeling: buyers don't win, workers don't win, and the customer base the whole machine sells into slowly erodes underneath it.
Notice what all three endings share: the companies buying the tokens don't come out ahead. In a competitive market, lasting extra returns for adopters trend toward zero. The only live question is how much the compute layer keeps before its own prices get competed down too.
Yes, there are exceptions. A company with data nobody else has, locked-in distribution, or a regulator keeping rivals out can hold onto its gains. The question was never whether exceptions exist. It's whether they're anywhere close to big enough to cover a $7.6 trillion tab.
Horse Energy | Data-Driven Analysis
Back to Horse Energy"
69,2026-08-15,"
Samsung’s Ultra lineup has been on a gradual softening trajectory. The hard, squared-off corners that made early Galaxy S Ultra and Note phones feel deliberately architectural gave way to progressively rounder edges with each generation, culminating in the S26 Ultra’s fully rounded ergonomic corners. For users who preferred the original boxy confidence of those older devices, that direction has been a slow farewell to something they actually liked.
This concept for a Galaxy S27 Ultra reverses that. The sharp 90° corners are back, along with flat top and bottom edges that give the phone a distinctly geometric presence. The “Galaxy Note” name appears on the packaging, framing this as a full revival of Samsung’s discontinued productivity flagship identity rather than just another Ultra iteration. It’s a design argument about what the phone should have stayed.
Designer: AndroidLeo







The most unexpected element on the back isn’t the camera. Nestled beside the vertical triple-lens array is a dot-matrix LED display that shows customizable pixel art animations, swapping between icons as conditions change. It’s the same logic that Nothing applied with its Glyph Matrix and that ASUS uses on ROG devices: the back of a phone has real estate that can do something, and simply leaving it matte glass feels increasingly like an opportunity missed.







In practice, that small display becomes a second layer of expression without pulling attention away from the main screen. Notification icons, charge indicators, and personalizable graphics all live on a surface that’s visible when the phone rests face down or sits on a desk, the exact moment when the front display is least useful. The concept proposes this as an attention filter as much as a personalization feature.


The S Pen slots into the bottom rail via a spring-ejected silo, appearing chunkier than the slim stylus Galaxy Note and Ultra users are familiar with, which may be more a rendering artifact than an intended design change. The front is a flat, edge-to-edge panel with a dual punch-hole selfie camera configuration at the top center, serving the kind of stylus-optimized interface that the Note series built its identity around. The high-contrast red UI reads as purpose-designed for wide-open canvas navigation.


Camera specifications go ambitious: a 200MP main sensor paired with 48MP Sony sensors and periscope telephoto optics round out the vertical lens configuration. The USB-C port, notably, isn’t centered on the bottom edge, a small but visible deviation from convention. And this is where the whimsical and fantastical nature of the design shows through.



None of this is real, of course. Samsung hasn’t announced any plans to revive the Note name, and the dot-matrix display exists in the realm of render enthusiasm rather than confirmed engineering. What the concept captures is a reasonable frustration: the Ultra line has drifted from the qualities that made it distinct, and features appearing elsewhere, like Nothing’s Glyph Matrix, suggest the broader market hasn’t fully moved past wanting the back of a phone to say something.



The multi-tool has been around long enough that most people have developed a frustrated relationship with it. You carry one because having a blade, a…
Double sliders in a pocket EDC tool? That’s not something you see often, mostly because fitting two independent sliding mechanisms into a body small enough…
The Polaroid Zip Instant Mobile Printer is possibly the most direct name for a product ever; and why not? It’s exactly what it says it…
It also does away with the flat edges, for ‘ultra comfort’. Meet the iPhone 14 Ultra – a phone that embodies the best of all…
I personally hold Steve Jobs accountable for ruining the word ‘Sleek’. It’s now used to describe every single thing we see, especially in consumer technology,…
Palpable is an Application Programming Interface (API) that merges modern-day technologies with the charm of an analog interface. While there are many differences between today’s…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
70,2026-08-15,"In 2022, I moved overseas for university with a bulky Lenovo Legion Pro packing an RTX 3070 laptop GPU. I convinced myself that it was the perfect all-rounder that would handle my coursework, note-taking, and late-night gaming without compromises. Two months later, I dreaded the thought of carrying it to class. The laptop weighed 5.5 pounds, and its 300W charger added another 2.2 pounds because leaving it behind meant the battery would barely survive half a day.
It shouldered the weight of my computing needs, while I shouldered its physical weight. I watched my classmates float into lectures with feather-light MacBooks, while they watched me play Fortnite at 1440p at 90 FPS.
Looking back four years later, I realized that there was a middle ground that promised both which I had completely overlooked, and it was, of course, the humble mini PC, and I'm now convinced that would've been the better choice for school amongst the two.
 One of the biggest mistakes I made while shopping for university was assuming one computer had to do absolutely everything. In reality, my Lenovo Legion Pro spent most of its life sitting on my desk, behaving like a desktop that would sometimes accompany me to the lecture halls. And when I was on the go, it didn't get enough power to deliver the same gaming performance as it would on my desk, so that put me off from the ""gaming-on-the-go"" idea altogether.
The performance, even while plugged in, wasn't as good as it would be on a mini PC, because the latter isn't weighed down by the same thermal constraints as a thin laptop with a substandard cooling solution. Mobile GPUs and high-end laptop processors scale their power between roughly 35W-115W depending on the chassis, cooling, and power delivery. A mini PC, on the other hand, gives you more power from the chip because it isn't sharing its thermal budget with a battery and display.
When purchasing a mini PC, there are a few key mistakes to avoid making before you finalize your purchase.
Most of my workflow revolves around extensive reading, analyzing, and writing, so it's safe to say that I'm accustomed to the computing needs of the average student, who will spend at least half their day doing exactly the same things. I can proudly confess that my productivity is heavily bottlenecked when I'm on the go and working on a laptop, and much of it stems from the cognitive load of having multiple tabs open on a single 15.6-inch display.
That's precisely why I get more done, and I get it done faster and more easily when I'm at my desk in front of my monitor. Even an affordable mini PC can drive two or three external displays, while a single 27-inch monitor often gives you enough desk real-estate to keep a PDF, your notes, and your local AI model visible simultaneously.
Instead of constantly juggling between PowerPoint slides, academic journal articles, and Microsoft Word all while writing and citing stuff at the same time, you can have everything in your line of sight. Psychologically, it's easier on the mind because you don't context-switch between windows.
Keeping your reference material, notes, and the document you're writing at the same time reduces the mental overhead of repeatedly relocating information, which makes long study sessions feel far less fatiguing. And when you're done, it leaves you with enough energy to play some games.
A popular misconception about buying a computer for university is that you're only buying it for university. When I bought my Legion Pro, it followed me into my first job and for the next two years until I built my PC. It served me for many years after graduation.
This also meant that, as games and software became more demanding and resource-intensive, its constrained system memory started to show its age, disqualifying me from more AAA titles and pushing my in-game settings further down by the year. This laptop happened to be upgradable, but most other modern laptops with soldered memory and storage expansion limitations may not give you the option to do so.
Mini PCs, on the other hand, age comparatively better. You can upgrade your RAM, swap in larger NVMe SSDs, and sometimes even replace the Wi-Fi card. This kind of flexibility allows you to continue work and entertainment without compromises later in life while you save for a bigger upgrade.
This might be the only way to own 32GB of DDR5 at reasonable prices at the moment
Funnily enough, I didn't arrive at this conclusion through my usual benchmarks or spec sheet analysis. I arrived here because the economics of the PC market underwent a sudden shift. The DRAM crisis has made memory absurdly expensive for DIY builders, while many capable mini PCs are still shipping with 32GB of DDR5 memory and lightning-fast NVMe storage under older OEM contracts.
This advantage isn't going to last forever, though, because manufacturers are continuing to exhaust their cheaper inventory. For students shopping today, that makes these tiny computers one of the smartest value buys in the entire PC market right now.
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved
This space is open for discussion.
Be the first to share your thoughts.

The best of XDA, directly in your inbox.
By subscribing, you agree to receive newsletter and marketing emails, and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe anytime."
71,2026-08-15,"Investing

							QQQI's 16% yield and PFFA's 10% yield both crush the 3 to 5% net returns most landlords collect after taxes, repairs, and vacancy.													

							JEPI offers a 7 to 8% yield at just 0.35% in expenses, backed by $46 billion in assets for unmatched liquidity among covered-call ETFs.													
The most widely read finance newsletter on Substack isn't published by a bank, it's Doomberg, where 383,000+ readers get the energy and macro analysis the mainstream press misses. 24/7 Wall St. readers save 17% on their first year here.

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© MY STOCKERS / Shutterstock.com
Owning a rental at the current 90th percentile of the Case-Shiller index means paying peak prices for a stream of tenant checks that arrive net of taxes, insurance, vacancy, and the plumber. Three exchange-traded funds sidestep all of that while paying distributions that dwarf the net yield most landlords actually collect: NEOS Nasdaq-100 High Income ETF (NASDAQ:QQQI), Virtus InfraCap U.S. Preferred Stock ETF (NYSEARCA:PFFA), and JPMorgan Equity Premium Income ETF (NYSEARCA:JEPI).
Each solves the income problem differently. QQQI writes call options on the Nasdaq-100 for double-digit monthly payouts. PFFA leans into leveraged preferred stock for a fixed-income-style coupon. JEPI blends low-volatility equities with an options overlay. All three sit well above the 4.7% 10-year Treasury yield, and all three settle monthly rather than on the first of the month, when the tenant remembers.
Gross rental yields in most U.S. metros run in the mid-single digits before subtracting property tax, insurance, repairs, capital expenditures, management fees, and periodic vacancy. Net yield in a typical year is closer to 3% to 5%, and it comes with a mortgage, a phone that rings at midnight, and a home price index reading of 335.1, leaving little room for cheap entry. The three funds below package cash flow into a brokerage account, with liquidity a rental can never match.
The highest-paying fund on this list is QQQI. The NEOS fund holds the Nasdaq-100 constituents and sells index call options against that exposure, converting the implied volatility of large-cap tech into monthly cash. Because Nasdaq names like NVIDIA, Apple, and Microsoft carry richer option premiums than the broader market, the fund harvests more income per unit of notional exposure than a covered call product written on the S&P 500.
In July, QQQI paid $0.6346 and has generated a trailing 12-month total of $7.62 per share, yielding roughly 15.8% annualized against a share price of $55. That is running alongside an 11% year-to-date total price return and a 19% one-year gain, so shareholders have not been trading away principal for income, as some option income funds require. NEOS structures distributions to rely on the return of capital treatment, which, for taxable accounts, defers taxes and lowers the cost basis rather than triggering ordinary income each month.
The 0.68% expense ratio is higher than that of a plain index fund, though it reflects the cost of the options overlay that produces the distribution. This fund caps upside in strong Nasdaq rallies because the sold calls get called away, and in a sharp tech drawdown the premium income will not fully offset the loss on the underlying basket.
An actively managed preferred stock ETF that uses modest leverage to amplify a coupon-driven portfolio is PFFA, representing a fundamentally different income engine from the two options funds that bracket it. Preferreds sit above common equity but below senior debt in the capital stack, pay fixed or floating dividends, and behave more like long-duration bonds than stocks. Layering leverage on top pushes the yield into rental property territory without requiring a stock market bull run to sustain it.
The portfolio holds 200+ positions and $2.35 billion in net assets, with heavy weightings in bank preferreds such as Flagstar Bank and First Citizens, energy midstream names such as Energy Transfer, and REIT preferreds from hotel and mortgage issuers. Manager InfraCap frequently owns multiple series of the same issuer, holding five Triton International series across the C through G tranches, for example, capturing different call dates and coupons on the same credit.
The distribution has been printed at $0.1725 per share every month of 2026, worth an annualized $2.07 at a $21 share price, or roughly 9.9%. Distributions on preferreds often qualify for the lower qualified-dividend rate, a tax treatment different from that of either QQQI or JEPI. Price performance is the flip side: PFFA is up only 3% year-to-date and 7% over one year, so buyers are compensated almost entirely through the coupon. The leverage that amplifies yield also amplifies drawdowns when credit spreads widen, and the 2.11% expense ratio, which includes borrowing costs, is a real drag.
The largest and best-known name on this list is JEPI, and it earns its spot as the moderate option rather than the yield leader. JPMorgan builds the portfolio around low-volatility U.S. large caps and generates income through equity-linked notes that replicate the sale of out-of-the-money S&P 500 calls. The result is a smoother ride than QQQI, with less upside capture in a Nasdaq rally but shallower losses when volatility spikes.
Top holdings read like a defensive slice of the market rather than a tech basket, with Broadcom at 2%, Ross Stores, Amazon, Apple, and Howmet Aerospace each near 2%, alongside AbbVie and EOG Resources. No single position dominates, which limits idiosyncratic risk. The 0.35% expense ratio is the lowest of the three, and $45.8 billion in assets makes JEPI the most liquid fund in the covered-call category.
Monthly distributions vary with volatility, ranging from about $0.34 to $0.45 across 2026, with a trailing 12-month total of $4.58 and a forward annualized estimate near $4.40. At a $58 price, that is roughly a 7% to 8% yield. The premium income from ELNs is taxed as ordinary income rather than as qualified dividends, so JEPI performs best inside an IRA or 401(k). Total return is up 11% over one year.
An income seeker willing to accept concentrated tech exposure and options-driven volatility in exchange for the highest headline yield lands on QQQI. A retiree who wants a bond-like coupon with equity-market plumbing and does not mind that price appreciation will be modest lands on PFFA, ideally inside a taxable account where qualified-dividend treatment helps. An investor who wants monthly income with the least drama and the lowest expense ratio, and who holds the fund in a tax-deferred account to sidestep the ordinary-income treatment of ELN premiums, lands on JEPI.
These three funds replace the rental income line with a check that clears without a tenant, a mortgage servicer, or a contractor, though they do not offer the leverage or price appreciation of owning a home outright.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
David Beren has been a Flywheel Publishing contributor since 2022. Writing for 24/7 Wall St. since 2023, David loves to write about topics of all shapes and sizes. As a technology expert, David focuses heavily on consumer electronics brands, automobiles, and general technology. He has previously written for LifeWire, formerly About.com. As a part-time freelance writer, David’s “day job” has been working on and leading social media for multiple Fortune 100 brands. David loves the flexibility of this field and its ability to reach customers exactly where they like to spend their time. Additionally, David previously published his own blog, TmoNews.com, which reached 3 million readers in its first year. In addition to freelance and social media work, David loves to spend time with his family and children and relive the glory days of video game consoles by playing any retro game console he can get his hands on.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Five monthly paying ETFs are pulling income from covered calls, preferred stock, and junk bond coupons at yields that dwarf…
Four ETFs are quietly generating monthly cash flow through completely different engines, and the current mix of stubborn rates, moderate…
Three monthly dividend ETFs can replace a missing Social Security check, but the one that demands the least capital carries…
Most income strategies force a painful choice between yield and principal, but three overlooked ETFs attack that tradeoff from completely…
If you own Virtus InfraCap U.S. Preferred Stock ETF (NYSEARCA:PFFA) for the income, the question that matters is whether that…
Covered call ETFs advertise eye-catching yields, but the number on the label tells you almost nothing about what you actually…
PFFA stacks leverage on top of preferred stocks to chase a nearly 10% yield, but the same rate environment that…
A $1 million Traditional IRA sounds like plenty until taxes, RMDs, and inflation start eating into it. Before age 73…
Not every monthly income fund survives a market selloff with its distribution intact, and the difference comes down to what…"
72,2026-08-15,"Marilee Foster is a farmer. In the eighteen-hundreds, her great-great-great-grandfather, a whaling captain, decided to leave the ocean behind him and buy about forty acres of land in Sagaponack, on Long Island, which have remained in Foster’s family ever since, and which she continues to tend, growing fruit and vegetables. Foster is also a writer, who publishes a column in the Southampton Press. “She writes about simple things: she writes about the first crop, she writes about sunsets, she writes about birds,” the author Steven Gaines, a resident of East Hampton, tells the documentarian Barbara Kopple. “It’s really . . . it’s the Hamptons that everybody misses.” According to Foster, her writing is done from a perspective only available to those who, like her, “spend most of their time in the field.” This gives her readers “a certain amount of texture.”
Foster is one of the many characters who populate “The Hamptons,” Kopple’s fascinating nearly three-hour-long documentary, which first aired in two parts on ABC, in the summer of 2002, and which is now streaming, for a limited time, on the website Le Cinéma Club. Like Foster, Kopple provides a certain amount of texture in her work, though the field she spends time in and reports on is broader than that of the farmer’s: her subject matter isn’t just the so-called real agricultural communities whose hastening loss Gaines laments but much else besides. For “The Hamptons,” she spent the period between Memorial Day and Labor Day of 2001 roving the cluster of interlocking villages and hamlets on the South Fork of Long Island that have long served as a resort destination for moneyed New Yorkers in the summer months. The result was an intimate human mosaic, set in a highly distinct moment in time.
Kopple’s film is a balm to anyone who’s grown inured to the characteristic beats of most current documentaries, which so often feel as if they came off a Netflix assembly line. Instead of talking-head interviews, or reënactments, or illustrative, quasi-humorous animated sequences, Kopple’s observational approach allows for meaning to emerge slowly. As a two-time winner of the Academy Award for Best Documentary, for “Harlan County U.S.A.” (1976) and “American Dream” (1990), which both focussed on labor disputes (one in a Kentucky coal mine, the other in a Minnesota meatpacking plant), Kopple is naturally attuned to the class tensions simmering underneath the Hamptons’ placid surface. And yet, her film isn’t politically didactic. Instead of a David and Goliath story, with working-class locals unidirectionally raging against wealthy out-of-towners, she presents an Altmanesque ensemble of diverse subjects, making “The Hamptons” a multivocal affair that has the grain of real life.
The documentary consists of a collection of short vignettes, arranged according to summer’s chronological unfolding, and features a cast of recurring characters. There’s the longtime police lieutenant, and the local career fishermen, and the seafood caterers, and the waitresses at a local restaurant—a couple of party-happy Irish girls, and a beleaguered Australian. There’s the slick, glad-handing publisher of Hamptons magazine, and the feisty Citarella market scion who would love to have her picture featured in its pages. Then there are the young city professionals shacking up in summer rentals, as many as eight to a room, eight to a hot tub: Jacqueline, a flirty lawyer looking to find a husband; Angela, a shy investment banker who isn’t sure if the share-house experiment is for her; and Josh, a fun-loving guy who calls himself an entrepreneur but mostly seems to occupy himself with picking up girls. Then, there’s Marilee the farmer, and the gimlet-eyed Gaines, a classic insider-outsider figure who wrote the Hamptons history “Philistines at the Hedgerow,” and who explains to Kopple and, by extension, to us, Who’s Who in the Hamptons cosmology.
Among those denizens are, of course, the famous or at least notable: the supermodel Christie Brinkley and her ex-husband, the musician Billy Joel; the polo-playing businessman and art collector Adam Lindemann; the hoteliers Rick and Kathy Hilton and their still teen-age daughters, Paris and Nicky; the “Sex and the City” author Candace Bushnell; the hip-hop moguls Russell Simmons and Sean (Diddy) Combs; and the celebrity publicist Lizzie Grubman, whom the camera begins to follow mere days before a dispute with a bouncer led her to back up her father’s Mercedes S.U.V. into a crowd outside the Conscience Point Inn night club, and injure sixteen people, resulting in a summer-long tabloid furor. (Grubman subsequently pleaded guilty to felony and misdemeanor charges and served a thirty-eight-day jail sentence.)
Kopple’s documentary is a time capsule, offering a concentrated taste of an earlier moment in American culture, now resolutely over. To watch the proud father of the Hamptons publisher leafing through the magazine’s June issue, bragging that “this is a pretty thick book, four-hundred-plus pages,” or party-animal Josh asking a woman he meets whether she has a cellphone so that he can give her his number, or girls dancing at the club—their hair flat-ironed, their tight-fitting going-out tops just kissing the waists of their low-rise designer denims, their tiny shoulder bags tucked securely under their arms—is to feel oneself being tossed back on the waves of time. As a friend I was discussing “The Hamptons” with noted, too, “the most startling part about this documentary is how normal everyone’s face looks.” Botox hadn’t even been F.D.A.-approved yet. Were we ever so young?
This peek into the relatively recent past is delightful fun, except when it starts to feel distinctly melancholic. So many mostly unfortunate things have happened since Kopple shot her documentary. This is true, for starters, in the celebrity realm: at a Fourth of July baseball tournament between the Roc-A-Fella and Bad Boy record labels which Kopple shows, players include the riding-high, since-disgraced and jailed Diddy; the starlet Tara Reid, who’d come to spend much of the next twenty-five years in seeming party-girl decline; and the singer Aaliyah, who’d die in a tragic plane crash the following month, at only twenty-two. Grubman, too, is front and center, less than seventy-two hours before the brutal events at Conscious Point would take place.
The Grubman scandal, especially, serves as a harbinger of darkness to come. The apparent class disparity and aggression on display—the wealthy and well-connected Grubman allegedly told the club’s bouncer, “Fuck you, white trash,” before she accelerated into the crowd—have only become more pronounced in American life over the past generation. The media circus that erupted in the wake of the accident, too (the New York Post, in particular, was like a dog with a bone with l’affaire Grubman), practically seems like child’s play when we consider the near-psychosis-inducing coverage of every single moment of every single person’s life that we’re now exposed to 24/7, not only via the tabloids but via smartphones and social media. Kopple’s Hamptons—even with its endless velvet ropes and parties and Jacuzzis—is positively quaint in comparison. (A party thrown by Christie Brinkley even has paper plates.)
As I watched, I kept thinking about Michael Rubin, the Fanatics billionaire, whose chief claim to fame is the annual Fourth of July White Party he hosts at his beachfront Bridgehampton estate. Taking a page from Diddy, who hosted his own annual White Party until 2009—an event whose lustre has naturally since faded—Rubin’s ultra-lavish bashes, whose gaudily decked-out guests include the likes of Jay-Z and Beyoncé, Robert Kraft and Tom Brady, Kim Kardashian and Leonardo DiCaprio, seem custom-made for social-media flexing. The whole point of the event is not the event itself but the retrospective broadcasting of its participants’ staggering wealth and power.
And then, of course, there’s 9/11. As the summer of 2001 wears on through the lens of Kopple’s camera, our knowledge of the coming catastrophe casts a shadow over the proceedings. Watching the heaving throng of tan youths, drunk and dancing at Neptune Beach Club, while Josh the entrepreneur, happy as a clam, whoops, “This is the Hamptons, one hundred per cent!” I almost felt the urge to scream “watch out!” at the screen. Toward the end of the documentary, on the eve of Labor Day weekend, we see Gaines muse on the state of the Hamptons, and his words nearly topple with the weight of dramatic irony. “We’re living in a really special time now,” he tells Kopple. “There’s tremendous prosperity; this is the resort that was closest to the financial center of the world. . . . This one second in time is gonna be looked back on as a really golden age.” And how. ♦
Did an experienced alpinist leave his girlfriend to die at the top of a mountain?
How “Gone with the Wind” shaped American myths about slavery and Southern women.
A scientist with a Ph.D. from Harvard fatally shot three of her colleagues. Then revelations about her family history came to light.
The billionaires’ vagina club.
Why some people thrive on four hours of sleep.
Want better search results? Make The New Yorker a preferred source in Google.
Sign up for our daily newsletter to receive the best stories from The New Yorker.
Sections
More
© 2026 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. The New Yorker may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
73,2026-08-15,"Warren Buffett spent 60 years building one of the greatest investing records in history, not by chasing whatever was popular, but by finding businesses he ne..."
74,2026-08-15,"On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher said that the Trump Accounts remind him of when President George W. Bush proposed allowing people to put some of the money they’d pay into Social Security into investment, which Maher said wasn’t a bad idea, but just got shot down due to politics.
During a discussion of the accounts, Maher said, “I remember George Bush wanted to put the money that we — when you start paying into Social Security, when you’re 20 or what? 18, or whatever it is, into the stock market, and [people] went, oh, wow, what a terrible idea, not a terrible idea. You’re not going to be able to touch it until you’re 65 anyway. Look at the chart of where the money in the stock [market], it outpaces just putting it in the bank by an exponential number.”
He added, “So, why didn’t we do that? Well, because politics, I guess. It didn’t seem like — this seems like it’s the same thing.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.
  
 
 








Copyright © 2026 Breitbart"
75,2026-08-15,"Last month, I traded in my trusty 2021 Nissan Rogue for the latest 2026 model and was delighted to discover how far in-car infotainment systems have come in five short years.
Instead of a navigation system that looked like it had been drawn by a toddler on a sugar rush, my new chariot came with Google Built-In (aka Android Automotive).
To say that was a breath of fresh air would be an understatement.
It's something I had been looking forward to from the moment that I ordered the new car. Sadly, the reality didn't quite match the promise.
Don't get me wrong — Android Automotive is great in a lot of ways. It's nice to catch up on YouTube videos while I'm waiting for my daughter (I can finally ditch the Carlinkit AI Box), and using Gemini to adjust the temperature is indisputably cool.
I don't need to be bombarded with 3D map renderings this early in the morning
I've been a Google Workspace user for nearly 20 years. I signed up when it was still called ""Google Apps for Your Domain,"" and have been all-in ever since.
In that time, I've often been frustrated by places where free Gmail accounts get more features than those of us who pay Google real money.
That means I'm no stranger to feeling like a second-class citizen in the Google ecosystem, but I've also been happy to see most of these limitations fall by the wayside in recent years.
Unfortunately, Android Automotive is the one remaining brick in that wall.
To use the Google features in my shiny new car, I have to sign in with the personal Gmail account that I use for almost nothing but collecting spam.
Although I'm content to do that to unlock basic voice assistant features like Gemini, and (re)download apps from the Play Store, it's an extra pain point for Google Maps.
I live my entire life in my Google Workspace account, which means that all my contacts, favorite addresses, and place searches happen there.
None of that data lands in my personal Gmail account. I never use that, and I'm not about to juggle two Google accounts on my desktop to keep my car happy.
This isn't a problem everyone will have, but it's a deliberate wall that makes Android Automotive a non-starter for Google Workspace users right now.
Still, I'd be willing to live with the account juggling if the native navigation experience was flawless. As an app, Google Maps in Android Automotive is great, but it falls woefully short in one critical area.
I'll start by saying this is one of the biggest areas where your mileage may vary, but I was floored by the inaccuracy of Google Maps when it came to things like road closures.
I've flipped back and forth between Apple Maps and Google Maps over the years, but had mostly settled on Apple Maps when navigating with my iPhone.
I'd still fall back to Google Maps when using my Pixel (via an AAWireless adapter, as my 2021 Rogue didn't do wireless Android Auto), but those trips were the exception.
They both used to be roughly on par for accuracy, with Google Maps having a noticeable edge when it came to business information.
However, in anticipation of the new car, I went all-in on Google Maps in May, figuring I'd be able to seamlessly transition into Android Automotive when the time came.
The experience via CarPlay was a bit clunky, as life often is when using Google apps on an iPhone, but that wasn't the worst part.
As I navigated around Toronto, I discovered that Google Maps appeared to have no clue whatsoever about local road closures.
It frequently tried to take me down roads that were completely closed. The first time, I gave it a pass as it had been a recent closure, but I was left scratching my head when it still wasn't aware of that two weeks later.
The final straw came when Google Maps insisted that the street I lived on was closed for two blocks on either side of my house. It told me I had to park somewhere else and walk home.
I ignored it, and drove home anyway. Unsurprisingly, there weren't any signs of a road closure.
Stop using stock Android Auto; give your car a productivity upgrade
That was a month ago, and my street hasn't been closed, so this isn't a matter of Google jumping the gun. It's faulty data, plain and simple.
I reported these problems, and Google fixed them within 24 hours, only to see them revert a couple of days later.
As far as I can tell, Google is scraping this info from city databases. It seems that a human corrects errors based on reports, only to have an algorithm overwrite that manual change on the next update.
However, that doesn't explain how Apple Maps gets this completely right. So does Waze, which is even more ironic, considering it's owned by Google.
Apple Maps is eerily accurate. A legitimate road closure in my neighborhood was correctly listed on both Apple Maps and Google Maps. Apple cleared it the day it re-opened. Google took two weeks to update.
Android Auto has the edge in 2025
These are more than cosmetic errors, as they impact where Google Maps takes me. It hasn't been a serious problem in my neighborhood, but facing a ""Road Closed"" sign in an unfamiliar area would quickly get frustrating.
It's surprising, as Google Maps used to be a paragon of accuracy. Yet, despite all the negativity often thrown in Apple Maps' direction, it's proven to be superior, at least in Toronto.
But it's also disappointing, as there are things that Google Maps still does better, such as suggesting alternative routes on the fly, including ETAs and eco-friendly routes, and showing gas prices.
The Android Automotive experience is also faster and more responsive than using CarPlay or Android Auto, and it integrates better with the dashboard and heads-up display when navigating.
However, none of that matters if I can't trust it to get me to where I need to go without leading me into a rabbit hole. Or, worse yet, telling me I can't even get there.
The sad part is that Google Built-In was one of the things I was most looking forward to in my new car, and it's still a fantastic upgrade.
But until Google remembers that paying Workspace users drive too, and that real-world maps require real-time accuracy, Apple Maps and CarPlay will continue to live on my infotainment screen.
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved
This space is open for discussion.
Be the first to share your thoughts.

The best of Android Police, directly in your inbox.
By subscribing, you agree to receive newsletter and marketing emails, and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe anytime."
76,2026-08-15,"
By Jamie Lang | 08/15/2026 7:10 am   | Be the First to Comment!
Sign up to get our news digest — delivered directly to your inbox twice a week.


					This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.				
Disney and Pixar used Friday night’s D23 Entertainment Showcase to announce two new original features, unveil early footage and artwork from several sequels, and provide fresh looks at the studios’ upcoming releases.
The presentation covered films scheduled through 2029. Below, we’ve rounded up the major feature animation announcements, excluding The Bluey Movie, which we covered separately.
(Pictured above) Walt Disney Animation Studios announced Clay, an original feature directed by Fawn Veerasunthorn, who directed Wish and Hexed (more on that later). The film is scheduled for November 2028.
The story centers on Flip, a reluctant mentor voiced by Kieran Culkin, who is selected during an annual ritual to guide a young ball of clay named Mushy. Disney animation chief creative officer Jared Bush described the premise as a reversal of the studio’s long tradition of wise mentor characters: Flip is apparently terrible at the job. The mismatched pair is subsequently pulled into what Disney describes as a chaotic and life-changing adventure. First-look concept art introduced the two central characters.
Disney also confirmed that Zootopia 3 is officially in development. This is about as unsurprising as news gets, given that the franchise’s second film is the highest-grossing Western animated feature in history. No story details, filmmakers, footage, or release date were announced, although Ginnifer Goodwin and Ke Huy Quan are set to return as Judy Hopps and Gary De’Snake, respectively.
Pixar is officially diving into the supernatural with their very first ghost movie: Ghost Market, arriving in Spring 2028! 👻 #D23 pic.twitter.com/7qhea6LurP
— Pixar (@Pixar) August 15, 2026

Pixar gave its most detailed peek yet of Ghost Market, an original supernatural feature arriving in spring 2028. The project had previously been reported under the title Ono Ghost Market.
The story follows a young Chicago content creator named Kyle whose vacation in Hawaii takes a supernatural turn when a late-night search for food leads him to a hidden market at the crossroads of the living and the dead. The project draws inspiration from Asian folklore surrounding ghost markets and festivals for hungry spirits. A brief teaser leaned into the protagonist’s online-video perspective. The film is directed by Weekends filmmaker Trevor Jimenez and Jesse Andrews (Hoppers), with Becky Neiman-Cobb producing.
Disney showed the first footage from Frozen 3, which will return to Arendelle on November 24, 2027. The preview confirmed that Anna and Kristoff will marry in the film, with Elsa third-wheeling the festivities.
Footage shown to attendees featured the couple on their wedding night, when they encounter Elsa studying a mysterious stone on a dock. The object apparently opens a portal to another dimension and is connected to a new female adversary from a land described as wilder and more dangerous than anything the characters have encountered before. Jennifer Lee is directing with Trent Correy.
Pixar’s first image from Coco 2 revealed that Miguel is now a teenager, still carrying his guitar and pursuing his ambition of becoming a musician. The sequel is scheduled for November 2029.
Miguel will again travel to the Land of the Dead as Ernesto de la Cruz returns seeking revenge. Original director Lee Unkrich and co-director Adrian Molina are returning for the sequel, with Mark Nielsen producing. Benjamin Bratt will reprise his role as Ernesto, while the first-look image also featured Dante alongside the older Miguel.
The Parr children will take center stage in Incredibles 3. Concept art shown at D23 featured Violet, Dash, and Jack-Jack, who will reportedly sneak out at night to protect the city while hiding their activities from their parents. Despite the long gap between movies, the third installment will not include a significant time jump, and the children remain roughly the same ages.
Bob Parr, meanwhile, is struggling to find his place now that superheroes are legal again. The film will also introduce a powerful new villain and explore the idea that not every superhero is necessarily heroic. Peter Sohn (Elemental, The Good Dinosaur) is directing, taking over from franchise creator Brad Bird. The film is scheduled for June 16, 2028.
D23 attendees saw an extended clip and a new trailer for Pixar’s Gatto, which opens March 5, 2027. The rest of us have to settle for a new still. Directed by Enrico Casarosa, the film follows Nero, a black cat living in Venice who is indebted to a feline mob boss.
The footage showed Nero attempting to steal a street performer’s valuable violin with assistance from a flock of birds. Mark Ruffalo voices Nero, with Laurence Fishburne playing mob boss Rocco.
Disney Animation offered another look at Hexed, its next theatrical feature, ahead of its November 25 release. Directed by Jason Hand, with the aforementioned Veerasunthorn and Josie Trinidad co-directing, the fantasy comedy follows Billie Doe, a teenager who discovers her seemingly ordinary family has deep connections to a magical world called Hexe.
The D23 presentation introduced several of the film’s magical characters and objects, including a talking journal, an enchanted quill, the villainous Queen Celeste, and a three-eyed green cat named Beef Roger Crummchuck. Hailee Steinfeld voices Billie, with Jodie Foster as Queen Celeste and Walton Goggins as Beef Roger.
Pure magic ✨Walton Goggins is Beef Roger Crummchuk and Jodie Foster is Queen Celeste in Disney Animation’s #Hexed, arriving only in theaters November 25 #D23 pic.twitter.com/vrZwm5GpzK
— Disney Animation (@DisneyAnimation) August 15, 2026

Jamie Lang is the Publisher and Editor-in-Chief of Cartoon Brew.
By Cartoon Brew Connect | 4 months ago
By Cartoon Brew Connect | 5 months ago
By Cartoon Brew Connect | 1 month ago
By Jamie Lang | 11 hours ago
By Jamie Lang | 12 hours ago
By Jamie Lang | 1 day ago
By Jamie Lang | 1 day ago
By Jamie Lang | 1 day ago
By Jamie Lang | 1 day ago
By Jamie Lang | 1 day ago
By Jamie Lang | 1 day ago
By Jamie Lang | 2 days ago
By Jamie Lang | 2 days ago
By Jamie Lang | 2 days ago
By Jamie Lang | 2 days ago
Sign up to get our news digest — delivered directly to your inbox twice a week.


					This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.				"
77,2026-08-15,"Investing

							NVIDIA caps its $500B compute fund exposure at $125B via a 25% backstop, targeting NeoCloud operators like Nebius, which posted 454% revenue growth last quarter.													

							Austin Smith flagged a Goldman Sachs CEO's comparison of the fund structure to mortgage-backed securities as an inadvertent warning about SPV concentration risk.													
The most widely read finance newsletter on Substack isn't published by a bank, it's Doomberg, where 383,000+ readers get the energy and macro analysis the mainstream press misses. 24/7 Wall St. readers save 17% on their first year here.

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Shutterstock 
This article recaps a segment from The AI Investor Podcast, where hosts Eric Bleeker and Austin Smith unpacked NVIDIA’s newly announced $500 billion investment partnership and what it means for the pecking order of AI infrastructure. The conversation moves across three tickers investors should be watching: NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction), Nebius Group (NASDAQ:NBIS), and Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS). The framing question: is Jensen Huang engineering a durable financing flywheel for the AI buildout, or planting the seed of a structured credit problem that echoes an earlier era of Wall Street engineering?
Below is the embedded episode from The AI Investor Podcast, A New Portfolio Add In Our Most Important Episode Of The Year, hosted by Eric Bleeker and Austin Smith. The compute fund discussion is one segment of a wider conversation on NeoCloud economics and portfolio positioning.

If you can’t view this video, you can copy and pate the following URL in your browser: https://youtu.be/98dk_2os6sg?si=sa3KmDy4bGBJAXWC
24/7 Wall St. Analyst Eric Bleeker walked through the plumbing first. The fund is structured with NVIDIA providing a 25% backstop, putting roughly $125 billion of capital at risk, while the remaining exposure sits inside special purpose vehicles (SPVs). In plain language, an SPV is a legal entity created to hold specific assets and specific debt, separated from the parent company’s balance sheet. Lenders finance the SPV, the SPV owns the GPUs and data center capacity, and NeoCloud operators lease that compute. NVIDIA’s 25% backstop is essentially a first-loss cushion that makes senior lenders comfortable enough to fund the rest.
The strategic goal Bleeker identified is diversification. Hyperscalers currently account for roughly half of NVIDIA’s business, a concentration that reads clearly in the company’s own filings. NVIDIA reported Data Center revenue of $75.25 billion in Q1 FY2027, up 92% year over year, with hyperscale contributing roughly 50% of data center revenue. Financing the second tier of buyers, the NeoClouds, gives NVIDIA a way to keep the demand curve extending even if hyperscaler capex plateaus.
Bleeker’s framing was that this is a strategic move to broaden the base of NVIDIA’s revenue stream. New financing mechanisms are one of the key ways the AI industry can push its spending ceiling past $1.5 to $2 trillion and sustain growth through 2028 to 2030. That thesis lines up with Jensen Huang’s own framing on the most recent call, where he described “the buildout of AI factories, the largest infrastructure expansion in human history” and pointed to hyperscale capex forecast of $1 trillion in 2027 and AI infrastructure spending projection of $3 to $4 trillion annually by end of decade.
Jensen’s own language on the earnings call made the NeoCloud case explicit. He described NVIDIA’s architecture as “the most rentable of any computing platform in the world”, and added that it is “the easiest to finance.” A $500 billion financing vehicle turns that claim into infrastructure.
Austin Smith accepted the strategic logic and directed his pushback at the framing coming out of Wall Street. A Goldman Sachs CEO compared the moment to the birth of mortgage-backed securities in the 1970s, and Smith flagged that as a poor choice of words given how the mortgage-backed securities story ended in 2008. The point Smith made is a comparison problem worth examining on its own terms. Any SPV-heavy financing stack that securitizes cash flows from a single asset class carries structural risk that investors should understand before capital gets deployed at scale.
Goldman Sachs itself has been a direct beneficiary of the AI financing boom with recent quarters showing strong results in Global Banking & Markets and investment banking fees. CEO David Solomon has framed the environment as supportive of continued deal flow. Goldman shares trade at $1,039.42 as of August 14, 2026, up 19.38% year to date.
The NeoCloud tier is where the compute fund will likely land, and Nebius is the clearest listed proxy. The week served as a microcosm of NeoCloud volatility: SpaceX’s planned 2027 buildout announcement caused selloffs, then the NVIDIA fund news and Nebius reporting higher compute rates in its earnings sent the stocks back up.
The Q2 2026 earnings report from Nebius supports the pricing story Bleeker referenced. Group revenue reached $582 million, up 454% year over year, with the Nebius AI Business generating $575 million, up 514% year over year. Management flagged a capacity auction that cleared at 15% above the highest price previously charged for Blackwell generation chips, and reported short-term premium capacity pricing in the $40 to $50 million per megawatt range. NVIDIA has already put capital into the company directly through a strategic equity investment via pre-funded warrants, and a multi-year Meta agreement anchors the demand side.
The market response has been sharp. Nebius shares trade at $277.68 as of August 14, 2026, up 47.73% over the past week, 231.74% year to date, and 305.61% over the past year. Analyst consensus sits at a target of $250.75 with 10 Buy ratings and 5 Hold ratings in the last check.
The headline question deserves both readings, and the hosts kept both on the table. Bleeker’s case is that NVIDIA is engineering a financing rail that turns compute into an investable asset class, extending demand well beyond hyperscaler wallets and pushing the AI capex ceiling higher into the back half of the decade. Smith’s flag is that the reference point Wall Street reached for should give investors pause about the plumbing under the hood, particularly when SPV structures carry a specific historical pattern of masking concentration risk.
If you enjoyed this segment, subscribe to The AI Investor Podcast for weekly breakdowns of the stocks, suppliers, and infrastructure names powering the AI buildout. New episodes are available on YouTube, Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and all major podcast providers. Recent episodes are linked below. We’ve recommended more than 50 stocks (for free!) on the podcast, and our average recommendation is up 147%. Don’t miss out on the biggest news in the investing world and new stock recommendations each week!.


Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Eric Bleeker has been investing for more than 20 years. He began his career working at Microsoft before joining Motley Fool, one of the largest publishers of financial research. In his 15 years at Motley Fool Eric served as the General Manager for Fool.com and led coverage in the Technology & Telecom sector. In addition, he was a featured columnist and has hosted dozens of investing seminars attended by more than a million total investors. Eric has more than 1,000 financial bylines to his name and has been featured in The Wall Street Journal, CNBC, Fox Business, and many other leading publications. He is currently focused on artificial intelligence investing and is a CFA Charterholoder.
Latest Podcast Episode
A New Portfolio Add In Our Most Important Episode Of The Year
76 min
See us invest in our favorite AI stock ideas for free
Solaris Energy Infrastructure sits 30% below its recent highs while quietly signing decade-long contracts tied to the most aggressive data…
Watch Our Recent Segment on Investing in Neocloud Stocks In a recent AI Investor podcast episode, hosts Austin and 24/7…
NVIDIA (Nasdaq: NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) recently agreed to a partnership with OpenAI that could see the company invest up…
NVIDIA (Nasdaq: NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) kicked off a historic wave of deals with OpenAI on September 22nd when the…
NVIDIA just picked a side in the AI cloud wars, and the market responded by punishing one company while rewarding…
Social media turned sharply bearish on memory stocks like SanDisk and Micron last weekend, and some analysts were calling time…
In a recent AI Investor Podcast discussion, hosts Austin Smith and Eric Bleeker delved into the monumental announcement by Meta…
Nebius Group (NASDAQ:NBIS | NBIS Price Prediction) stock is rallying sharply Wednesday, climbing 20% intraday to around $215.50 from Tuesday’s…
NVIDIA just positioned itself as both the supplier and the financier of the AI buildout, pulling Goldman Sachs, BlackRock, and…"
78,2026-08-15,The cornerback market has been reset.
79,2026-08-15,"Pizza chain Papa John’s International, Inc. (NASDAQ:PZZA)’s shares are down by 49% over the past year and by 39% year-to-date. On the 6th, the shares closed..."
80,2026-08-15,"Building wealth can feel overwhelming, especially when you’re trying to balance everyday expenses with long-term financial goals. Many people wonder whether..."
81,2026-08-15,"As Unusual Machines lands a $2.1 million deal with the U.S. government, Piper Sandler initiated coverage of the drone stock with a positive rating."
82,2026-08-15,"Micron (MU) stock traded around $966 on August 14, according to Yahoo Finance, extending a sharp snapback that pushed its shares back to the psychologically..."
83,2026-08-15,"It’s easier than pie!
READ MORE..."
84,2026-08-15,"Cleaning your own floors is a thing of the past, and there are some great robot vacuums on the market today. They can be surprisingly affordable, too, with the Eufy 11S Max now on sale for as little as $149.99.
This little guy normally retails for around $280, so this is a deal that saves you $120 off that usual asking price. You don’t need to enter any codes or clip any coupons, either, so just place your order as usual and await delivery.

However, it’s important to note that we don’t know how long this deal is going to last, and that ordering sooner rather than later is definitely the way to go. We’d hate for you to miss out.
This little robot is super thin so it can glide under furniture like chairs and sofas, and it’s also so quiet that it can run overnight without waking the neighbors. It can run for up to 100 minutes per charge, and features an adaptive suction feature that allows it to adjust its suction power depending on the surface it’s dealing with.

Again, please do remember that this isn’t a deal that’s going to last forever and that ordering your new robot vacuum soon is very much advised.
Buy: Eufy 11S Max Robot Vacuum: $149.99  | Original price: $280
You may also like to check out:
You can follow us on X, or Instagram, subscribe to our YouTube channel and even like our Facebook page to keep yourself updated on all the latest from Microsoft, Google, Apple, and the Web."
85,2026-08-15,"Pankil is a Civil Engineer turned freelance writer from Ahmedabad, India. As a long-time Windows and Android user, he has extensive knowledge of both operating systems and specializes in creating how-tos and troubleshooting guides. 
 
Pankil has been writing about Windows, Android, and iOS since 2021. He has written over 1200 articles across reputable publications like MakeUseOf, GuidingTech, and TechWiser.
 
Outside of his writing endeavors, Pankil is an avid football fan and loves to plan his international travels with his wife in his free time.
Your Windows PC comes with quite a few features that are on by default, but there are some Microsoft has strong opinions about. That doesn’t mean they’re all useful, though. There are some that cause more problems than they solve, while others that benefit Microsoft more than they benefit you. Either way, I always end up disabling such features on any PC I use.
Not everything enabled by default is essential.
Microsoft sells Fast Startup as some magical way to boot your PC faster after a shutdown. And to some extent, it works. But there are two major issues with it.
First, this feature isn’t as effective on PCs running SSDs, since they boot fast anyway. The bigger issue is how Fast Startup works. It basically prevents your PC from shutting down fully. Instead of closing the kernel session, it saves everything to a hibernation file. And the next time you boot, it uses that same file to fetch all the data, which means you never get a true shutdown. 
This can cause issues with updates, dual boot, hardware detection, and more. And when these things go wrong, Fast Startup will be the last thing you’d suspect. Finally, that hibernation file where Fast Startup saves everything isn’t light. It can take several gigabytes of storage (sometimes in double figures), which is another problem if you’re already struggling with storage.
Like every other tech giant, Microsoft has been pushing its AI tools harder than anything else. It’s basically everywhere you look, from your keyboard to the taskbar to even default apps. I wouldn’t say it’s useless, but it sure does feel half-baked to most other AI tools out there. 
Also, the Copilot app itself isn’t light either. It takes several gigabytes of storage and even uses RAM, regardless of whether you touch any of those AI features or not. The only silver lining is that Windows lets you remove Copilot completely, which is what I like to do when debloating. Similarly, if your PC has Recall, it can go too, unless you’re keen on Windows remembering everything you’re doing on your PC.
Backup is one of those things everyone takes seriously, and conveniently, Windows offers a dedicated tool for backing up everything that’s on your PC. The only catch is, you need to use OneDrive for it, and there’s no way to change that. So as someone who uses Google One for cloud storage, Windows Backup is useless to me. Instead, I’ve added Google Drive to File Explorer and use it to back up important data automatically. 
Of course, I still need OneDrive to sync my settings and preferences across devices. But that barely takes any space and is already covered in OneDrive’s free quota. 
I think I say this for everyone: the Widgets panel has to be the most useless thing in Windows 11. And it’s not like they’re a new addition. It’s been several years and I still found a good reason to use it. 
The biggest issue with it is the Microsoft Start Feed. It’s just not as good as Google Discover when it comes to suggesting relevant content. It’s mostly a stream of MSN headlines that feel more like clickbait and aren’t personalized well enough. Google Discover isn’t perfect either, but it at least gets better over time. 
The other problem is the widgets themselves. There are just not enough choices available simply because nobody seems to care. There are a few stock widget options and only a handful of third-party apps. 
Windows 11 Start menu gets the job done, but there are just far too many annoyances with it. The Recommended section, Search Highlights, and even those web searches that always open in Bing, regardless of what browser you’ve set as default. 
Unlike the widgets panel, Windows Start menu isn’t something you can easily ignore, not unless you replace it. The good news is, a better option is available and it comes from Microsoft itself. Heck, you might already have it installed. Yes, PowerToys’ Command Palette tool is the best Start menu alternative you can get. It’s a macOS-style launcher that lets you search for apps, run commands, find files, and even do web searches. It’s fancy, fast, and fun to use. 
Press Win + Alt + Space and the launcher appears. You can even use it to search for open windows, see clipboard history, download apps, and do a lot more.
Delivery optimization is a feature that promises to make Windows updates faster and more reliable for everyone. The problem is how the feature actually works. It lets your Windows PC download update files from other machines on the same network and even those on the internet. In return, your PC also has to share parts of the updates it has to other PCs.
Security-wise, the feature is completely safe, but the problem is since your PC has to upload parts of the updates to others, it can increase the internet and CPU usage, sometimes at the worst possible time. Also, there’s no downside to disabling Delivery Optimization as your PC can still download updates from Microsoft’s servers directly. 
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved

I love the windows start menu if customized with windhawk app. The ability to pin multiple apps in start menu is sometimes better, instead of opening every app by only typing it. Things like copilot, delivery optimization, sysmain service, edge browser, widgets are pretty annoying and they appear to come back after major windows updates, even if you disable or delete them. 
Author doesnt pay for copilot and wonders why it feels half baked. Get what you pay for bud. And you can still use delivery optimization without sending data anywhere other than your local network which is actually a good thing. Just because you dont understand tbe value of a feature doesnt make IT useless. It makes you not able to use it...
The best of MakeUseOf, directly in your inbox.
By subscribing, you agree to receive newsletter and marketing emails, and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe anytime."
86,2026-08-15,"Amar Dedic has won 31 caps for Bosnia and Herzegovina
Newcastle United are in advanced talks to sign defender Amar Dedic from Benfica.
The club have been in the market for a new right-back following the departure of veteran Kieran Trippier, who joined Wolves on a free transfer when his contract expired earlier this summer.
Dedic, 23, previously worked with Newcastle manager Matthias Jaissle at Red Bull Salzburg and was a regular in the side that retained the Austrian Bundesliga title in 2023.
Newcastle are understood to be progressing in discussions with Benfica for the Bosnia-Herzegovina international, who is valued at around Â£30m.
If a deal is completed, Dedic could quickly be called upon to feature in Newcastle's season opener against Liverpool on 23 August as Tino Livramento is still recovering from a calf injury he sustained on international duty with England in June.
Dedic has been capped 31 times and started three of Bosnia-Herzegovina's four matches at the World Cup.
He ranked second for full-backs in Portugal's Primeira Liga last season for carries into the attacking third (49) and third for progressive carries (202) and total carries (325).
Jaissle 'aware' of Newcastle needs after Everton friendly loss
Inside Newcastle 2.0 - how the project is changing
Rashford returns as AC Milan highlight issues facing Carrick
Hunt wins third gold as Asher-Smith makes history
Fernandez booed by Chelsea fans as Alonso offers glimpse of blueprint
Puzzle lovers: Here are more clues about Ludwig's next conundrums
How Dennis Amiss revolutionised cricket pitch safety in 1977
Tommy and John Fury discuss modern-day entertainment
A wake-up call to find the perfect pillow
'Fury' at Tarling death as cycling union calls for better helmets
'Absolutely miles ahead!' GB women win brilliant relay gold. Video'Absolutely miles ahead!' GB women win brilliant relay gold
Soaring heat, falling crowds - The Hundred's peculiar summer
Fresh rivals & forced to settle for silver - but Hodgkinson up for fight
'Pressure will follow him' - Rocky Flintoff faces up to tests ahead
Are fans now more invested in star names than clubs?
'Glam helps mentality' says Hunt - can it give you a winning edge?
Chelsea say no Fernandez move as deadline passes - but is it really over?
Will you beat our mega football nicknames quiz?
Who to pick, who to avoid - your team's FPL assets analysed
Critical former refs add to culture of fear - Taylor
Weekly sports quiz: Tattoos, transfers and photo finishes
Can Sunderland defy the Premier League doubters again?
European Championships: Day seven schedule & BBC coverage
Only wins can stop England's curfew hokey-cokey
Copyright Â© 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking."
87,2026-08-15,Customer relationship management software provider Salesforce Inc. (NYSE:CRM)’s shares are down by 19% over the past year and by 22% year-to-date. It is one...
88,2026-08-15,"Luis Blanco is a journalist and educator with a strong track record in the Spanish-speaking crypto and blockchain ecosystem. For more than five years, he has been part of BeInCrypto, where he currently serves as Editor-in-Chief of the Spanish team. In this role, he leads coverage of breaking news, market analysis, and in-depth tracking of the main regulatory, technological, and community developments across Spain and Latin America.

His academic background is broad and multidisciplinary: He holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Education, a Master’s Degree in Environmental Education, and is currently pursuing a Doctorate Degree in Management, with research focused on the strengths, challenges, and best practices of remote work in digital and decentralized environments. Additionally, he holds an official certification in Italian as a Foreign Language issued by the Central University of Venezuela, enabling him to work with sources and conduct interviews in multiple languages.

Luis combines his journalistic profile with active involvement in the blockchain community. He has spoken and moderated at benchmark events such as Caracas Blockchain Week and has represented BeInCrypto on major media platforms, including the program MetaBit on Venezuela’s Circuito Unión Radio, one of the country’s most widely listened-to stations.
193 contributions
The Shiller CAPE ratio for the S&P 500 sits near 40 to 42, approaching the record of roughly 44 set during the late-1990s dot-com bubble.
That reading places equity valuations in rare territory, and Bitcoin holders have reason to pay attention. 
The cyclically adjusted price-to-earnings ratio, or CAPE, divides an index by the ten-year average of inflation-adjusted earnings. Nobel laureate Robert Shiller developed it to smooth short-term distortions.
The method matters for interpretation. Using a decade of earnings filters out temporary booms and recessions, offering a longer view than conventional multiples.
History provides an uncomfortable pattern. When the ratio remained above 30 for sustained periods, subsequent 10-year real returns for US equities were modest or negative.
Two peaks stand out particularly. Both 1929 and 2000 preceded significant market declines, though the timing varied considerably in each case.
Follow us on X to get the latest news as it happens.
Current levels rank second only to the tech bubble. No other period in the series shows valuations stretched to this degree. An important caveat applies, however. Expensive markets can remain expensive for years, so the ratio functions poorly as a timing signal.
What it does indicate is probability. Elevated readings raise the odds of lower future returns and greater downside risk if earnings growth or liquidity disappoint.
Bitcoin’s relationship to that backdrop is genuinely nuanced. Recent cycles show the asset behaving as a high-beta, risk-on instrument alongside technology stocks.
Correlation data support that pattern. Previous risk-off episodes saw Bitcoin fall in tandem with equities rather than serving as a shelter from them.
The near-term implication follows logically. A sharp correction driven by stretched valuations could pressure Bitcoin as investors reduce speculative exposure. A competing narrative pulls in the other direction. Bitcoin also carries a digital gold framing, positioning it as an alternative store of value.
Bitcoin is 87% correlated to global liquidity. The NASDAQ is 97% correlated.Which tells you something most people never realise. These assets are not really trading on earnings, or news, or whatever the story of the week is. They’re tracking the amount of money in the system.… pic.twitter.com/lWFjzm7dcg
That thesis gains traction under specific conditions. Persistently high equity valuations, combined with elevated public debt, can push capital toward scarce, uncorrelated assets.
Historical precedent offers partial support. Some periods of equity stress coincided with Bitcoin outperformance, though typically after the initial risk-off phase passed.
Several variables will determine which pattern dominates. Interest rate paths, the durability of AI-driven earnings growth, and global liquidity conditions all matter.
Bitcoin’s own metrics add another layer. On-chain activity and institutional adoption trends could decouple the asset from equity movements or reinforce the link. The dual identity explains the uncertainty. 
Bitcoin functions simultaneously as a speculative risk asset and a potential monetary alternative, leaving room for divergent outcomes.
Treating the ratio as a forecast would be a mistake. High CAPE levels form part of the backdrop rather than dictating any particular price path. Market regimes shift more often than models assume. Correlations that held through recent cycles may not persist through the next one. 
The practical takeaway favors caution over conviction. Elevated valuations point toward more modest equity returns ahead, with Bitcoin facing both correlation risk and longer-term opportunity.
Neither scenario is guaranteed. The ratio belongs in a broader framework alongside liquidity, adoption, and rate expectations rather than standing alone.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel to watch leaders and journalists provide expert insights.
Daily Crypto Insights
Insights, news and analysis of the crypto market straight to your inbox
Disclaimer
BeInCrypto is committed to unbiased, transparent reporting. This news article aims to provide accurate, timely information. However, readers are advised to verify facts independently and consult with a professional before making any decisions based on this content. Please note that our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimers have been updated.
BE[IN]CRYPTO x Proof of Talk
Institutional 100 Awards
2026 Winners Revealed
Explore the Night in Photos"
89,2026-08-15,"General Motors Co (NYSE:GM) is abandoning one of the most storied American automobile brands in the world’s largest auto market, and Ford Motor Company (NYSE..."
90,2026-08-15,"Phil Haunhorst is a crypto journalist and editor focused on cryptocurrency markets and blockchain technology in the European region. He holds a degree in computer science specializing in IT systems, where he developed expertise in encryption algorithms and cryptography. He started his career as an IT specialist before transitioning into crypto journalism in 2020, covering digital assets, decentralized finance, and regulatory developments. Over time, he established himself in the crypto media landscape, contributing analysis and reports for leading publications.

Phil currently serves as EU Ambassador for BeInCrypto, representing the platform across all European markets. He has participated in industry discussions, conducted interviews with industry leaders like Adam Back, and built working relationships across the sector with teams from Web3 projects and KOLs.

If you have a story you want to discuss, please reach out here: [email protected]
333 contributions
The Solana Company’s Q2 loss reached $30.3 million, as write-downs on the firm’s crypto holdings swamped a quarter that produced only $2.5 million in revenue.
Investors punished the print. Shares of the Nasdaq-listed digital asset treasury firm that holds SOL on its balance sheet and trades under the ticker HSDT fell 5.56% and closed Friday at $1.70.
The operating business actually worked. Staking generated nearly all of the $2.5 million in revenue. Gross margin landed close to 97%.
Validators earned 31,200 SOL for the company during the quarter. The protocol then restaked those tokens automatically.
However, accounting rules force treasury firms to mark holdings down when token prices drop. Solana (SOL) slid hard through the spring, so the paper value of the stack shrank.
By June 30, total assets stood at $176.1 million. Long-term digital asset positions made up $147.3 million of that figure. Cash, meanwhile, sat at just $3.6 million.
Liabilities stayed light at $6.4 million. Stockholders’ equity therefore held near $165.6 million across 57.4 million shares outstanding.
Chairman and CEO Joseph Chee pointed to strategy rather than the headline number.
“This quarter was defined by execution of our integrated flywheel strategy, expanding operations across advisory, validator infrastructure, staking and treasury.”
The first half tells a harsher story. Revenue reached $6.1 million, yet the company still reported a net loss of $130.1 million, or $1.66 per share.
SOL changes hands near $75, down roughly 62% over the past year. The token still ranks seventh by market value at about $43.8 billion. Traders have watched on-chain SOL warning signs build for weeks.
Rivals report the same pattern. Forward Industries absorbed $69 million in Solana treasury writedowns last quarter. Bit Digital, meanwhile, posted a $107.2 million quarterly loss on its Ethereum stack.
Board director Cosmo Jiang of Pantera Capital argued that capital now favors firms with disciplined reporting. Not every treasury bled, though. Hyperion DeFi booked a record profit of $31 million on Hyperliquid, highlighting how much the model depends on the direction of a single token.
Capital keeps arriving regardless. Solana Company raised $7.9 million through a direct offering led by Mirae Asset, the South Korean fund manager, with HashKey Capital joining the round. Management also retired 1.3 million shares for $2.3 million during the quarter, and $5.9 million so far this year.
That buyback signals confidence in a stock trading at $1.70. Yet the treasury thesis still hinges entirely on SOL, and this crypto earnings season keeps proving the point.
So the next print matters less than the chart. Should SOL rebound, the same accounting rules that created a $30.3 million loss would swing the figure back the other way.
Daily Crypto Insights
Insights, news and analysis of the crypto market straight to your inbox
Disclaimer
BeInCrypto is committed to unbiased, transparent reporting. This news article aims to provide accurate, timely information. However, readers are advised to verify facts independently and consult with a professional before making any decisions based on this content. Please note that our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimers have been updated.
BE[IN]CRYPTO x Proof of Talk
Institutional 100 Awards
2026 Winners Revealed
Explore the Night in Photos"
91,2026-08-15,"News › Apple
Apple is reported to have been training its own LLM model for the market in China instead of depending on a third-party model to power features of Apple Intelligence in the country. The Large Language Model was manufactured with the assistance of Alibaba.
Apple’s previous tactic has been broken, with the development through Alibaba to provide devices with generative AI in China. The features are expected to come online in a few months in a strategy that enables the company to cross hurdles in regulations.
Apple will also be the first foreign company that will be approved by the government in China to provide AI models that are proprietary. In the past, Apple settled with regulators in China to adopt the Qwen model from Alibaba into their features for Apple Intelligence, like with the extension for ChatGPT.

iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc.
Sign in to your account

Username or Email Address



Password


 Remember Me



"
92,2026-08-15,"
							By 

	Althea Legaspi


Selena Gomez is denying accusations that she defrauded investors in Wondermind, which she co-founded with her mother Mandy Teefey and their former business partner Daniella Pierson.

	Earlier this week, investors filed a suit against the company and its founders, claiming they had invested nearly $1.2 million into Wondermind Global Inc. and were misled about the organization’s infrastructure, leadership, and resources. Gomez, Teefey, and Pierson, along with Wondermind, are being sued over counts of alleged securities fraud, common law fraud, breach of contract, and more.

	In a statement provided to Rolling Stone on Saturday from Gomez’s attorney, Mathew S. Rosengart,  Gomez denies the allegations. “The allegations that Selena Gomez engaged in any way whatsoever in any purported ‘fraud’ or other wrongdoing are completely meritless, both factually and legally,” Rosengart said. “We will vigorously defend these false allegations and indeed are filing a motion to dismiss the baseless claims against her.” The statement was first reported by People.

	










	According to the suit reviewed by Rolling Stone, the plaintiffs — Wondermind SRS 44, LLC and Bespoke Wondermind SPV 1, LLC — claimed they were led to believe that revenue-generating streams, including a “groundbreaking” app, advertising deals, and celebrity cover stories, were already in motion. Instead, the complaint alleges, “for three years, while the Company quietly collapsed around them, not one of its founders, officers, or directors said a word to the investors whose money was funding the collapse.” The plaintiffs are seeking rescission of their investments in Wondermind, as well as damages and costs.

	The lawsuit also claims the plaintiffs did “not discover the facts underlying their claims” until The Cut published an article into the startup’s operations last year. The outlet reported tensions between Gomez and her mother, as well as a power struggle between Teefy and Pierson. According to the complaint, The Cut’s report revealed the “state of utter disarray” of the company to the plaintiffs, including Teefy’s alleged “substance abuse disorder and her gross mismanagement” of the company; Gomez’s “abject dereliction of her duties” and “her active efforts to distance herself from it”; and the startup’s failure to fulfill basic obligations such as “timely paying its employees and vendors.”

	











	
		Editor’s picks
	
	











	
	
		
					The 250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century So Far		
	














	
	
		
					The 100 Best TV Episodes of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					100 Best Movies of the 21st Century		
	








	Pierson is the sole defendant named in one of the lawsuit’s counts of alleged securities fraud that claims she made “misstatements or omissions” to investors to encourage their purchases of stock and is also accused of conversion and unjust enrichment. The suit cites an August 2025 article by Forbes that alleged Pierson inflated the readership and valuation of her The Newsette newsletter during business pitches. Pierson is also accused of misappropriating investment funds for her “own personal purposes” and having “impoverished the Plaintiffs, without justification.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Slipknot and Sid Wilson Part Ways After Nearly 30 Years		
	









	
	
		
					Matthew McConaughey Gives Ella Langley’s ‘Choosin’ Texas’ a Bluegrass Spin on ‘Fallon’		
	









	
	
		
					Return of the Kings: Inside Rush’s Fifty Something Tour		
	









	
	
		
					Why Was It So Hard for Sam Cooke’s Grandkids to Drop a Soul Album?		
	








	In a previous statement to Rolling Stone, Pierson denied the allegations. “Daniella categorically denies the allegations against her and welcomes the opportunity to present concrete documentation and financial records that establish the facts,” a rep for Pierson said in a statement. “To be clear, she has never used investor funds for personal expenses. Quite the opposite: Daniella invested her own money into the business and did not draw a salary from the company.”

	Teefy did not immediately respond to Rolling Stone’s request for comment.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved."
93,2026-08-15,"ETF

							SpaceX's IPO erased the NASA ETF's defining edge; SpaceX now represents only 7% of holdings, with Rocket Lab leading at 11% and the fund down 29% since June.													

							LUNR cratered 50% and FLY dropped 40% since June while VSAT gained 14%, making individual space-stock picks nearly impossible to call.													

							Investors with pure SpaceX conviction should buy the stock directly; the 0.75% ETF fee only justifies itself for broad space-theme exposure.													
Many financial professionals are salespeople paid on what they push, not whether you end up wealthier. A fiduciary is the opposite. The SEC legally requires them to put your interests first. Advisor.com's free matching tool pairs you with vetted fiduciaries from major national firms, all in under three minutes. See who you match with today.

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Summit Art Creations / Shutterstock.com
The Tema Space Innovators ETF (NYSE:NASA) launched at the end of March 2026 with a single genuinely differentiated feature: through a special-purpose vehicle, it offered direct exposure to SpaceX at a time when retail investors had no clean way to own the company. That advantage lasted about ten weeks. SpaceX went public in June 2026 at an IPO price of $135 per share, and the day the ticker started trading, the scarcity premium the fund had been built around effectively disappeared.
The stock did not float peacefully. SpaceX closed below its IPO price for the first time on July 16, 2026, before climbing back above it in early August on its first earnings report, which beat on revenue. The NASA ETF itself has traded roughly in sympathy, down roughly 29% between June 1 and August 14. That leaves prospective buyers with a cleaner question than they had at launch: with the access premium gone, what is the rest of the fund actually buying you?
Before the IPO, an SPV holding pre-listing SpaceX shares inside a regulated ETF wrapper was a real product. Accredited-investor structures traded at wide premiums to net asset value, private secondary markets required minimum tickets most people could not write, and tokenized share workarounds carried counterparty risk. NASA offered a listed alternative and aggressively collected assets, ending May with net assets of roughly $2.6 billion.
The composition of that pot matters. Per the fund’s most recent NPORT filing, SpaceX now sits at roughly 7% of net assets across preferred and common SPV positions, while Rocket Lab is the largest single holding at 11%. A buyer today is getting SpaceX as the third- or fourth-largest name in a diversified basket, one that an investor can now replicate for the price of a brokerage commission.
The remaining 38 positions span launch (Rocket Lab, Firefly), satellite broadband (AST SpaceMobile, Viasat, Iridium), earth imaging (Planet Labs, BlackSky), and lunar and national-security work (Intuitive Machines), with a long tail of international suppliers. Many of these companies are small, structurally unprofitable, and heavily reliant on government awards, though the underlying growth is real: Rocket Lab reported Q2 revenue of $234 million, up 62% year over year, with backlog at a record $2.36 billion, and Intuitive Machines posted Q2 revenue of $206 million, more than four times a year earlier, with a $1.76 billion backlog.
The dispersion within that group is what a fund actually solves. Since June 1, Intuitive Machines is down 50%, Firefly is down 40%, and Viasat is up 14%. Picking the winner in a sector where sentiment can swing 40% on a single Space Force budget headline is not obvious, and Reddit’s own retail community has been openly debating whether the summer drawdown was a “generational buying opportunity” or exit liquidity. A diversified sleeve makes that call less catastrophic in either direction.
Weighed against what NASA now provides rather than what it once provided, the roughly 0.75% expense ratio is the tax an investor pays for the sector basket itself. That tax is defensible if the buyer genuinely wants exposure to space as a theme, cannot construct a comparable basket in a taxable brokerage account, and values the fund’s international small-cap holdings that would otherwise be a hassle to own directly.
An investor whose real conviction is SpaceX can access the name directly and skip the fund fee. An investor who wanted broad space exposure and never cared much about the SPV can reasonably use the fund as a 3% to 5% thematic sleeve, understanding that the underlying holdings are largely government-contract-dependent, cash-burning growth names whose earnings will remain volatile for years.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Omor Ibne Ehsan is a writer at 24/7 Wall St. He is a self-taught investor with a focus on growth and cyclical stocks that have strong fundamentals, value, and long-term potential. He also has an interest in high-risk, high-reward investments such as cryptocurrencies and penny stocks.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Shares of space stocks are selling off across the board midday Monday, with the group’s leaders giving back a chunk…
The commercial space sector now sits above $500 billion in market value, per NOAA’s Office of Space Commerce, with order…
$10,000 parked in the Procure Space ETF (NYSEARCA:UFO) on May 29, 2025 at $24.64 was worth roughly $26,500 twelve months…
The ARK Space Exploration & Innovation ETF (CBOE:ARKX) has become a popular parking spot for investors seeking space exposure without waiting for…
Yesterday, SpaceX reportedly confidentially filed for an IPO with the SEC, targeting a potential $1.75 trillion valuation in what could…
The commercial space sector has crossed into recurring commercial revenue at scale. SpaceX’s Starlink unit is now throwing off subscription…
The S&P 500 is down roughly 3% year-to-date while the Procure Space ETF (NYSEARCA:UFO) is up nearly 28% over the…
$10,000 dropped into the Procure Space ETF (NYSEARCA:UFO) on the first trading day of 2026 was worth about $16,200 by…
Space stocks are splitting into winners and losers Thursday, and the reason goes deeper than one earnings miss. What Intuitive…"
94,2026-08-15,"Latest filings show the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust opened a new position in Home Depot (NYSE:HD), worth about $353 million, during the second quar..."
95,2026-08-15,"Post-earthquake reconstruction is expected to cost around $6.4bn, but Colombia has been hit by renewed US tariffs.
Save
Share
Colombia’s new president has called on United States President Donald Trump to suspend tariffs targeting the South American country, which is reeling from a deadly earthquake that has killed hundreds.
President Abelardo de la Espriella said Saturday that he had requested the US “temporarily suspend” tariffs on Colombia to give “relief” to business owners.
On Monday, a 7.4-magnitude earthquake struck Colombia, killing at least 294 people and damaging or destroying tens of thousands of buildings across the country, according to Colombia’s National Unit for Disaster Risk Management.
US tariffs on Colombian products rose from 10 percent to 12.5 percent in late July, with a few exceptions including coffee and oil. The US is Colombia’s top export market.
The Colombian leader described his 10-minute conversation with President Trump as “very friendly and cordial”.
“I told him that we have a huge challenge ahead: rebuilding Colombia amid the extremely difficult and apocalyptic economic situation that I inherited,” de la Espriella said.
Colombia’s Finance Minister Miguel Gomez said the government was not yet considering raising taxes to find the approximately $6.4bn needed for reconstruction, local media have reported.
 

 
Shortly after a legal defeat on “Liberation Day” tariffs, the White House announced renewed tariffs targeting nearly every US trading partner, including Colombia, based on what it said were failures to uphold anti-forced labour measures.
Trump endorsed the right-wing de la Espriella, a millionaire lawyer-turned-politician, during his run for the presidency that culminated in a close victory over leftist Ivan Cepeda in June.
Since taking office in early August, de la Espriella has joined the so-called “Shield of the Americas”, an anti-cartel alliance headed by Trump and involving multiple South American nations.
The new Colombian president has also said he plans to forge a military alliance with the US and Israel to help bolster the country’s long-running conflict with armed groups.









Follow Al Jazeera English:"
96,2026-08-15,"
Chou Mo is a Taiwan-based fashion photographer known for muted tones and striking visual narratives, with editorial clients including Vogue Taiwan, Louis Vuitton, and Shiseido.
Chou Mo’s recent work includes a Louis Vuitton project for PhotoVogue’s “The Spirit of Travel” series, titled “CROSSING / 23°51’N, 120°55’E,” created for Louis Vuitton’s 130th Monogram anniversary. Shot at Sun Moon Lake in Taiwan, the project uses the symbol of a “door” as an entry point into different cultures, weaving in imagery like bamboo-woven sunflowers referencing the Thao indigenous people’s sun symbolism, mirrored metal spheres representing the moon and technology, and fish baskets tied to the lake’s traditions. Chou Mo described wanting to capture “the mixed vitality unique to Taiwanese streets” — the layered, chaotic richness found in everyday scenes like Taipei 101, traditional temples, and night market culture.
More: Instagram





































"
97,2026-08-15,"This 2010 Nissan GT-R Premium was acquired by the current owner’s late son in 2016 with the intention to complete a Pikes Peak International Hill Climb, though he passed away before the work was finished. The seller subsequently raced the car in the Time Attack 1 division at the 2024 Pikes Peak event after the build was completed. The stroked 4.1L twin-turbocharged V6 features TOMEI camshafts, JE pistons, ACL bearings, and a GReddy twin-turbo kit and intake manifolds. The six-speed dual-clutch automatic gearbox was built with ShepTrans components, and the car rides on Endless coilovers and 18″ Advan Racing wheels with slicks. Finished in Solid Red, the body is outfitted with a partial black wrap, ventilated panels, side skirts, polycarbonate windows, a rear diffuser, and a carbon-fiber rear wing. The stripped cockpit has been refinished and houses a roll cage, a Lifeline fire-suppression system, an ATL fuel cell, and a Racetech driver’s seat. This modified R35 GT-R has 20k miles and is offered by the seller on behalf of the owner in New Hampshire with two sets of spare wheels, removed parts, a clean Carfax report, a historical New Jersey title, and a bill of sale.

The Solid Red (A54) body wears a partial black wrap, number decals, and various graphics. A carbon-fiber front fascia, front and rear tow hooks, and polycarbonate windows have been added, and the hood, fenders, roof, trunk lid, and rear bumper cover are vented. The front side marker lights have been removed, and cover panels are located on the front bumper cover.

Aerodynamic additions include carbon-fiber front canards, side skirts, a rear diffuser, and a raised carbon-fiber rear wing. NACA ducts have also been installed.

The modified suspension incorporates Endless coilovers and Eibach adjustable sway bars, and braking is handled by gold-finished Brembo calipers with Endless pads and slotted rotors. The 18″ Advan Racing RGIII wheels are mounted with 305/680 Pirelli slick tires.

The race-prepped cabin was repainted in gray following the installation of a roll cage with door bars and padding, and carbon-fiber door panels with red pull straps have also been added. A battery box, a Lifeline fire-suppression system, and air ducts are located behind the Racetech bucket seat, which has a harness and black fabric upholstery. Blemishes are visible on the dashboard, and the air conditioning compressor has been removed. The seller notes the harness will need to be updated for competitive use.

The flat-bottom steering wheel is wrapped in microsuede and fronts column-mounted paddle shifters and factory instrumentation. Various toggle switches and buttons are fitted in the center stack, which retains the factory head unit. The digital odometer indicates 20k miles.

The fuel filler for the ATL fuel cell can be accessed via a NACA duct with the lid remaining closed. An auxiliary radiator. has also been fitted out back.

The twin-turbocharged VR38DETT V6 was stroked to displace 4.1 liters and fitted with TOMEI camshafts in May 2022, according to the seller. Work at that time included boring the cylinders, resurfacing the heads, and installing JE pistons and rings as well as ACL main and rod bearings, Cometic head gaskets, Ferrea Racing valves, camshaft followers, an ATI Performance harmonic balancer, and a replacement timing kit. GReddy components such as a twin-turbo kit, intake manifolds, throttle bodies, blow-off valves and wastegates, intercoolers, an oil cooler, and headers have been installed. Engine management is handled by a MoTeC M150 ECU, and an STM radiator provides cooling. The strut towers have been refinished, and the car is not equipped with catalytic converters. The seller notes ECU tune files for sea level and Pikes Peak altitude are included in the sale.

The six-speed dual-clutch automatic gearbox was built with ShepTrans and Dodson Motorsport components, and photos taken during the work are presented below. The ATTESA E-TS all-wheel drive unit fluid was changed and the pre-load was adjusted by Colab Garage in 2026. A GReddy gearbox cooler and Driveshaft Shop rear CV axles are additional noted elements.

A photo of the car at the 2024 Pikes Peak International Hill Climb is shown above. The seller was interviewed about their run, and an onboard video of the race can be viewed in the gallery.

A set of Volk Racing TE37 wheels with Continental competition tires and a set of WedsSport wheels with Hoosier slicks will accompany the car along with a spare set of slick tires. The seller states additional spare components include the following:
The Carfax report is free of accidents or other reported damage.
The car is not legal for road use and carries no current title or registration. It is being sold on a bill of sale.

Click here to access our custom quote tool or contact us for a personalized quote.
        
We need to confirm your billing address in order to appropriately charge fees and taxes should you win an auction. Please provide your billing address below.
Congratulations! You're the high bidder. Your bid has been posted in the comment flow on the listing, and you can see other bids there as they happen. Good luck!
Please confirm if the following details are aligned with your current contact information. If not, please update your profile.

							Bidding will advance immediately to $. The BaT Service Fee is 5% of the bid, with a minimum of $250 up to a maximum of $7,500.							VAT on Service Fee is charged in USD

If you win the auction, your card will be charged for the service fee and you pay the seller directly for the vehicle. If you don't win, your existing pre-authorization will be released.
When you bid we pre-authorize your credit card for the service fee (this helps prevent fraud). If you win the auction, your card will be charged for the service fee and you pay the seller directly for the vehicle. If you don't win, the pre-authorization will be released.
*Exchange Rates
You are bidding for this item in USD. This means, if you have the winning bid, you will need to make your payment to the seller in USD. It is your responsibility to check the conversion rate, and you should also note that exchange rates may fluctuate between now and the due date of your payment after the end of the auction.
Taxation
If you are the highest bidder, you will also need to pay the seller any applicable taxes/VAT. Your bid may not be inclusive of these amounts. Relevant details are included in the listing, so please ensure you have read and understood this information before placing your bid. Note that, if you will need to import the vehicle to your country, you may be responsible for import-related taxes.
For more info, read about our auctions or email us with any questions.



Your bid of $ is $ more that the current high bid of $. Are you sure you want to proceed?

Δ

Δ
Loading more comments…
Please enable JavaScript to engage in the discussion on this site.
Did you mean to enter this number as a bid? If so please use the bidding box above.
There was an error posting your comment.
Your daily digest of everything happening on the site.
© 2026 Bring a Trailer Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Privacy Notice
California Notice at Collection
DAA Industry Opt Out
Your CA Privacy Rights (Shine the Light)
Terms of Use




Your Privacy Choices



                        Our Terms of Use (including dispute resolution procedures) and Privacy Notice have been updated. By continuing to use the BaT Services you agree that our Terms and Notice will govern your use of the BaT Services.                    "
