,date,content
0,2026-08-03,Abandon rocket ship.
1,2026-08-03,"There are thousands of articles and opinion pieces on Situational Awareness: what happened,
                    what went wrong, and so on. We're less interested in exploring that here as you can find lots
                    of deep dives and many more to come, we're sure.
Contrary to what others say, we believe that Situational Awareness struggled this past week because
                    of forces pushing prices down, but it also benefited from those same forces when its asset
                    prices were skyrocketing in value over the past ~18 months. Situational Awareness is more of a
                    canary-in-the-coal-mine situation than a divergence from a positive trendline. SA's
                    rise and fall shows that the AI-related stock market is over-leveraged and over-concentrated, and
                    will most likely lead to significant volatility in the coming months. Call it the KOSPIfication of
                    the NASDAQ.
Here, we'll explore why Citadel buying SA's publicly traded assets is neither bullish nor
                    bearish, and why the same market forces (excitement, leverage, overconfidence) not only drove
                    SA's asset prices down this past month, but also were the reason for them going up. This is all
                    in the context of a reflexive trend, and one aligned with our concerns around US
                    household, retail, and hedge fund leverage[1]—the
                    deleveraging of which, and the fear associated with loss of paper wealth, would lead to a
                    significant negative feedback loop for AI assets.
Some writers have argued that Citadel's purchase not only saved the market, but signals
                    Citadel's own confidence in the AI trade. This is incorrect. Citadel might be using this to
                    cover shorts, sell put options, or resell the securities directly to retail traders, given its
                    market-making relationships with firms like Robinhood. Given Citadel's size and diversity of
                    business offerings, from running funds through to market making, it could very well be a
                    combination of these.
A key benefit of the purchase was that it was done as a block purchase; SA did not submit a set of
                    sell orders via its broker to liquidate itself, unlike the rumor that SA was selling off Intel
                    after its earnings[2]. The block trade serves to stem a
                    further price shock, and could even allow Citadel and SA to avoid pricing individual positions or
                    companies.
For all we know, it might have been a form of short covering for Citadel, or maybe arresting a
                    decline in some of its or its clients' holdings… Maybe a strategy to manage price
                    declines not unlike what we saw in China about two weeks ago[3].
Our goal is not to speculate on Citadel's objectives, but rather to simply say there are many
                    interpretations that do not signal this as a positive long-term view on AI stocks held by SA.
While SA blamed short sellers betting against its own positions[4] (and thus Citadel could be helping with short covering, as per
                    above!), these same forces are likely what propelled SA's skyrocketing returns in the first
                    place.
Philippe van der Beck (from Harvard Business School), Jean-Philippe Bouchaud (from Capital Fund
                    Management, CFM), and Dario Villamaina (from CFM) explored how thematic ETFs can benefit from
                    their own success by driving the price of their assets up[5]. The details of the paper are outside the scope of this note,
                    but there are a few forces at play. For example, a successful ETF is likely to get more
                    investors buying its shares, and these influxes of cash allow the ETF's portfolio managers to double down on their
                    positions. This can lead to a positive feedback loop around the ETF's assets, thus driving up
                    the prices of earlier purchases and leading to a net gain on the investments. This is particularly
                    true for illiquid stocks and concentrated industries (both of which SA was focusing on), as
                    there are fewer shares to go around. Figure 1 shows one of the funds they investigated, whose path of price increases and asset growth
  looks strikingly like SA's—up about 400%, then a significant decline.
While SA was a hedge fund, the fact that it avoided the use of actual hedging strategies and its
                    high correlation with other public ETFs (which also avoid hedging strategies) like the iShares
                    Semiconductor ETF (SOXX) mean it likely acted more like a public ETF than a hedge
                    fund.
In short: our argument here is that regardless of whether there was a targeted short seller
                    campaign against SA, SA exhibited the sort of growth and decline that you would expect from an
                    over-leveraged and unhedged index tracking a megatrend. It was a beneficiary and victim of its own
                    success, and there are likely other such risks lurking in the public equities AI market
                    today.
This points to another phenomenon aligned with what van der Beck et al. explored
                    above—George Soros' theory of reflexivity[6]. Soros argued that investor expectations and perceptions can
                    become so prevalent and powerful that they begin impacting the actual fundamentals of the
                    underlying asset classes those investors buy. The liquidity inflows in the ETF example above are a
                    simple version of this. Circular AI investments[7], wealthy investors leveraging their wealth to get further
                    profits from an already stretched stock market, and CEOs who believe the AI trade can only benefit
                    their companies if they invest more and further, are all examples of reflexivity in
                    action—these beliefs lead to investments, capital expenditures, and other decisions that
                    drive asset prices up, sometimes in ways that maintain P/E ratios or other warning signs asset
                    managers tend to monitor[8].
Like van der Beck et al., Soros argued that such forces help propel positive price
                    movements, but also end up making price declines more violent. This should translate to
                    significant volatility in price movements, both on the way up and down.
We saw this in action over the past week, when the KOSPI fell 17.8% from an open of 6,806.27 on
                    Monday to 5,593.56 on Thursday end-of-day, before recovering 17.9% on Friday, all while declining
                    3.1% over the week[9]. Looking back over the past
                    year, as in Figure 2, you'll see that the KOSPI's
                    daily price movements from when it opens in the morning have become significantly more
                    volatile.
We would add another sociological component to this: the vast majority of wealth growth today is
                    from stock markets[10]. Thinking like a normal human
                    being: if your wealth is tied to the stock market and the stock market starts dropping in value,
                    you'll likely want to protect your assets by selling those shares. Large downward stock
                    movements can exacerbate selloffs when panicked savers decide to move money to safer assets.
All-in, whether it's leverage, fear of wealth loss, or actual reflexivity, the
                    volatility of this past week—and the demise of SA—are all related and we expect them
                    to continue as AI-related stocks, bonds, and other assets appreciate so much in value.
Our goal today is not to criticize Situational Awareness—raising a billion-dollar hedge fund
                    is very hard, and scaling it to $10 billion+ AUM is laudable. There are many
                    professionally managed funds that are liquidated despite their managers' best efforts.
What concerns us is the lack of a “bigger picture” discussion around Situational
                    Awareness; Citadel buying up SA's assets is certainly not the whole story. The bigger picture
                    is that markets are over-leveraged, over-concentrated, and potentially shifting from euphoria to
                    fear on a whim.
This all happened in the same week that the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) held
                    interest rates at 3.5% to 3.75% and led to significant market concern around the Federal
                    Reserve's future decision-making[11], and news
                    came out of China's success in building home-grown chipmaking tools[12], all of which could move these markets on their own.
With Situational Awareness, we're seeing AI-related asset prices reinforcing themselves on the
                    way up and on the way down. As such, we're likely to see more volatility in US markets, and
                    more days where a deleveraging of a fund or ETF takes place. Regardless of
                    where we end up relative to Friday, expect more and bigger up days and more and bigger down
                    days.
Join hundreds of AI, geopolitics, and economics experts. We'll send 1–2
                emails per week, and we will never share your e-mail with anyone."
2,2026-08-03,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
The executive job market has shifted in ways most senior leaders aren’t prepared for. Here’s what’s changed and how to adapt.
Copied to clipboard

		Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.	
If you’re struggling to find your next executive role, you’re not alone. While speaking at a recent HR and talent acquisition conference, I kept hearing the same story from leaders and executive recruiters: executives who had done everything right throughout their careers and were now caught off guard by just how long and challenging the executive job search had become.
As a career and executive coach who specializes in tech and other highly competitive industries — think private equity, venture capital, investment banking, and media and entertainment — I hear this regularly. After working one-on-one with hundreds of senior leaders, I’ve found that the executives who struggle most aren’t lacking in talent or experience. They’re operating with an outdated executive job search strategy in a market that has fundamentally changed. Here’s what’s driving that shift and what you can do about it.
Over the past few years, I’ve watched the fractional executive model grow from a niche workaround to a mainstream hiring strategy across both hyper-growth startups and mature enterprises. Companies are increasingly turning to fractional, interim and advisory leaders to access top-tier leadership talent without the overhead of a full-time hire.
This means fewer traditional senior leadership roles exist than many executives realize. If you’re only pursuing traditional full-time executive roles, you’re competing for a shrinking number of leadership opportunities.
I recently worked with an HR leader who had been conducting her executive job search for nearly a year when she sought me out. She had been applying to posted positions and waiting to hear back. Once we reframed her strategy to include fractional and advisory opportunities, she landed a solid engagement within a few weeks. The engagement kept her busy and ultimately converted into a full-time opportunity. The fractional work wasn’t a detour but a different path than she originally imagined.
Most senior leaders already know this. What they don’t always know is what to do about it. A significant portion of senior leadership searches are confidential, meaning companies are quietly sourcing leadership talent through back channels, long before anything appears on a job board.
I’ve found that recruiters fill the majority of their placements through their existing networks and research efforts, not through postings. Recently, an executive recruiter shared that approximately two-thirds of their successful placements came directly from their existing network, not from job postings.
In my experience, leaders who rely on job boards as their primary executive job search strategy experience much longer searches. Yes, job boards can be one part of a larger approach, but the real market is happening in conversations you’re not yet in. Your LinkedIn profile needs to be keyword-optimized so executive recruiters can find you on the platform.
I recently worked with a technology executive who had impressive experience but wasn’t showing up in searches on the platform. Once we restructured his profile to make him discoverable, he started hearing from recruiters he had never contacted. The only thing that changed was how he presented himself on LinkedIn.
Recruiters often focus on niche industries and specialties, so it matters who has you in their pipeline. Proactively build relationships with executive search firms and senior decision-makers in your field. Also consider connecting with peers so that you can refer opportunities to one another.
Working with hundreds of senior leaders, I’ve found that most significantly underestimate how crowded the executive job market has become. Although many tech companies are drastically cutting mid-level management roles, demand for senior executive roles remains strong. However, the supply of top leaders also remains strong, making it tougher to stand out.
A few years ago, executives often landed roles in 90 days. Now, searches are easily taking six months. This is because companies have more talent to choose from and more qualities they’re assessing for. In addition to AI fluency, they’re assessing your ability to lead through transformation and your documented success in delivering measurable results under pressure. If any of those areas feel underdeveloped for you, you need to address them before your next interview.
This is why owning your unique value proposition, what I call your fabulousness, is critical for landing an executive role in today’s market. The distinct background, experience, skills and results you bring to a role must be clearly articulated across your resume and LinkedIn profile, networking conversations and interviews.
I recently worked with an engineering executive who had an exceptional track record but defaulted to generic language whenever he talked about his work. While his experience was strong, his storytelling skills fell short. Once we identified and articulated what made his leadership approach distinct, his conversations shifted from informational to compelling, and he received an offer in less than two months.
The executives who land senior leadership roles in this market aren’t just applying online. They’re intentional about being discoverable by executive headhunters. They’re increasing their visibility before they need to, investing in the right relationships and getting crystal clear on what makes them the best candidates for the roles they want.
If you’ve been in your current role for several years and haven’t maintained an active professional network outside your company, start now. If your LinkedIn profile hasn’t been updated recently, update it. And if fractional or advisory work hasn’t been part of your executive job search strategy, consider whether it should be. The executive job market has changed, which means your approach to job hunting needs to as well. You’ve got this!
If you’re struggling to find your next executive role, you’re not alone. While speaking at a recent HR and talent acquisition conference, I kept hearing the same story from leaders and executive recruiters: executives who had done everything right throughout their careers and were now caught off guard by just how long and challenging the executive job search had become.
As a career and executive coach who specializes in tech and other highly competitive industries — think private equity, venture capital, investment banking, and media and entertainment — I hear this regularly. After working one-on-one with hundreds of senior leaders, I’ve found that the executives who struggle most aren’t lacking in talent or experience. They’re operating with an outdated executive job search strategy in a market that has fundamentally changed. Here’s what’s driving that shift and what you can do about it.
Over the past few years, I’ve watched the fractional executive model grow from a niche workaround to a mainstream hiring strategy across both hyper-growth startups and mature enterprises. Companies are increasingly turning to fractional, interim and advisory leaders to access top-tier leadership talent without the overhead of a full-time hire.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
3,2026-08-03,"This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with Hannah Valentine, 25, cofounder of Drop Soda Market, a monthly vintage market. The conversation has been edited for length and clarity.
I graduated from Lindenwood University with no student loan debt. After scholarships, my tuition cost about $4,000 to $6,000 a semester, and I paid for the final three years of my degree by reselling vintage clothes.
I started selling used clothes on Depop in 2017 as a sophomore in high school. At first, I listed pieces from my own closet that I no longer wore. They sold faster than I expected, so I started buying inventory from thrift stores and reselling it online.
I was already used to shopping secondhand because I was raised thrifting. Even now, after moving into my own apartment, almost everything in it — my couch, coffee table, side tables, entertainment center, and most of my furniture — is secondhand.
Since graduating, I've been able to devote more time to the business, and I've made about $48,000 in gross revenue so far this year.
I spend about 12 hours a day sourcing vintage inventory, washing and repairing clothes, organizing pop-up markets, creating social media posts, and getting ready for the next event.
I don't rely on Depop the way I used to. About 98% of my income now comes from pop-up vintage markets because I've found they're a better use of my time.
Try a
                                  Level Up action pack.
Build a calm, realistic plan to recover from job loss and move toward your next role.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
During market season, I usually have one to three pop-up markets every weekend, where I can sell as many as 250 pieces in a day. I typically price clothing between $20 and $30 an item.
I try not to price anything below $20 because I spend time washing, repairing, and restoring many of the pieces before I sell them. Some of the clothes I find have stains, rips, or missing buttons, but I see their potential. I'll sew hems, replace buttons, repair zippers, and patch holes.
I have over 1,000 pieces of inventory at any given time, which I keep in my studio.
It takes up every waking moment, but I love running my own business, and I wouldn't have it any other way.
I shop at garage sales, browse Facebook Marketplace, and sometimes get clothing from family friends, but I source most of my inventory from Goodwill Outlet stores.
You never know what you'll find in the bins at Goodwill. Sometimes I come across used diapers and bloody towels, so I always wear gloves. It's not the most glamorous part of the job, but digging through all of it is part of finding the pieces worth saving.
Goodwill charges by weight, which is now about $2.09 a pound. I remember when it cost less than $2 a pound, but like everything else, sourcing inventory has gotten more expensive.
Booth fees, which usually cost between $500 to $800, are my next biggest expense, especially when I travel.
When I drove to a market in Memphis recently, I paid for a booth, gas, a hotel, and enough inventory to stock it, which added up to about $1,000 before I made my first sale.
Every trip is a calculation: Will I break even? How much will I make? Is the drive worth it?
One of the biggest lessons I've learned is that knowing what will sell isn't something you gain overnight. It's knowledge that comes from spending years looking through racks of clothing.
One of my favorite brands to find is old Forever 21. Most people think of it as a modern fast-fashion retailer, but I love the pieces it made in the late 1990s and early 2000s. I also look for brands like XOXO, Bebe, Juicy Couture, Baby Phat, and Ed Hardy.
One of my best finds came from Facebook Marketplace, where I spotted a blurry listing for a vintage Donnybrook coat priced at $40, in great condition. The coat was especially sought after because Rihanna had worn the same style, so I displayed a photo of her wearing it alongside the coat at my booth. I sold it for $450 at a vintage market in Detroit.
I've seen firsthand how much clothing is already out there. At the Goodwill Outlet stores, there are bales of clothes waiting to be put out.
Some people may be intimidated by reselling or think it's something that's gatekept, but I think the opposite: We need more people finding homes for clothes that already exist.
That's why I encourage people to shop secondhand whenever they can. Vintage isn't the only option — there are plenty of secondhand clothes that are practically new — and every purchase helps keep clothing in circulation instead of creating more waste.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
4,2026-08-03,"Goldman's chief global equity strategist Peter Oppenheimer said ""there does not appear to be a valuation bubble, but there may be an earnings bubble."""
5,2026-08-03,"The long-held American dream for Indian technology professionals appears to be under strain. 
A growing number of Indian tech workers are returning from the United States even as opportunities at home become harder to find, creating uncertainty on both sides of the world.
For decades, the H-1B visa represented a career breakthrough for Indian engineers. It was seen as a gateway to Silicon Valley and global opportunities. But that journey is increasingly becoming a round trip as return migration accelerates and fresh movement to the US slows down.
According to staffing firm Xfino, the gap between Indians moving to the United States and those returning home is narrowing rapidly. The firm estimates that, for the first time in years, the number of returnees could exceed the number of professionals heading to the US before the end of 2026.
The numbers highlight the changing trend. In 2026 alone, 7,300 Indian tech workers have already returned to India, despite the year being only halfway through.
Also read: ‘End H-1B Visa Abuse Act’: Republican lawmakers seek 3-year suspension, tougher rules
The figure stood at 15,100 in 2025, up from 9,800 in 2024. At the same time, outbound migration has begun to slow. While 21,200 professionals moved to the United States in 2025, the number for 2026 so far stands at just over 9,100.
A major factor behind the shift is growing policy uncertainty in Washington.
The H-1B visa programme, which has long served as the backbone of Indian tech migration to the US, is facing increasing scrutiny. Stricter compliance requirements, proposals such as a $100,000 sponsorship fee and tighter processing norms have made employers more cautious about hiring foreign workers.
The risks are also increasing for those already in the United States. Workers who lose their jobs have only 60 days to secure a new sponsor. Failure to do so means they must leave the country.
One expert quoted in the discussion described the emotional impact of such uncertainty: “Even though you have done all you could, you have legally obliged, you have economically contributed as much as you could, and they can still create such an antagonising environment for you that it's no longer viable for you to live. Then that leaves really deep scars, and people don't forget that.”
Also read: H-1B lottery 2027: Fewer applicants, new wage slabs, AI to weed out fraud
The expert added that even if current policies are eventually reversed, “those long-term scars will continue"".
The discussion cited the example of Kash Patel, the current director of the FBI, while referring to Indian-origin success stories in the United States.
The challenge for returning professionals is that India's technology job market is also facing headwinds.
According to Xfino's Active Tech Jobs Outlook, active technology job openings fell to 93,000 in June, down 14 per cent from 108,000 a month earlier.
The decline marks the sharpest monthly drop in more than a year. The slowdown spans IT services companies, technology startups and software product firms.
Major Indian technology companies such as Tata Consultancy Services, Wipro and Infosys are already dealing with concerns over artificial intelligence-driven disruption to their traditional businesses.
Experts say artificial intelligence is playing a significant role in the slowdown.
As AI adoption accelerates across software development and technology services, India is beginning to feel the effects.
This is happening at a time when thousands of H-1B workers who may have lost jobs in the US could be returning home, increasing competition for a shrinking number of opportunities.
However, one expert argued that the return of highly skilled professionals should not necessarily be viewed negatively.
Also read: Indian H-1B workers face 60-day window as US tech layoffs intensify: Report
“The inundation of very qualified individuals who have experience and exposure and the resources is not a bad thing,” the expert said.
“Why wouldn't India open its arms back to its own Indian citizens who are now substantially more qualified to come in and build this next generation transition for the country?”
Amid the broader slowdown, one company stands apart.
While several major technology firms have reduced overseas hiring, Nvidia continues to expand its H-1B certification efforts.
The company behind many of the chips powering the global AI boom has increased hiring even as rivals scale back.
According to the discussion, foreign hiring at Google has fallen by more than half, while approvals at Amazon have dropped by nearly a third.
Nvidia, however, continues to recruit aggressively and is reportedly offering compensation packages that include base salaries exceeding Rs 4.5 crore annually for some senior positions, before stock awards and bonuses.
The message, according to the discussion, is simple: when talent is indispensable, nationality becomes secondary.
Despite Nvidia's hiring push, the broader picture remains challenging for most Indian technology professionals. The path to the United States is becoming narrower due to tighter visa rules, fewer sponsors and a weaker employment market.
At the same time, India's own technology sector is experiencing slower hiring and growing competition for available positions.
As the discussion concludes, Nvidia may be an exception. But exceptions, by definition, are rare.
For many Indian tech workers, the future remains uncertain on both sides of the world.
The content above has been transcribed from video using a fine-tuned AI model. To ensure accuracy, quality, and editorial integrity, we employ a Human-In-The-Loop (HITL) process. While AI assists in creating the initial draft, our experienced editorial team carefully reviews, edits, and refines the content before publication. At The Federal, we combine the efficiency of AI with the expertise of human editors to deliver reliable and insightful journalism."
6,2026-08-03,"SpaceX's attempt to give investors a voice in its first earnings call is not going entirely to plan.
Ahead of the rocket company's first earnings since its record-breaking IPO, SpaceX set up an online forum for shareholders to submit questions for Elon Musk and other executives.
The forum — which SpaceX said was built with its AI tool Grok — has been filled with crypto references, memes, and posts promoting Asteroid, a Shiba Inu plushie the company has adopted as its mascot.
""Will Asteroid (your mascot) go to Mars?"" read one of the top-voted posts, while another called for SpaceX to expand its line of Shiba plushies, which the company sells for $35.
""Can we paint the rocket pink?"" asked another of the most popular questions.
It is not clear how many of the posts are from actual SpaceX investors. The forum appears to allow anyone to sign up and submit questions.
Many of the posts appear to be pushing a cryptocurrency called ""Baby Asteroid,"" with one question referencing the token becoming the second most popular post with 750 upvotes.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Baby Asteroid, a tiny crypto coin that ranks outside the 8,000 biggest cryptocurrencies by market cap, briefly soared 262% in a four-hour period on July 31, according to data from Coinbase, before giving up most of its gains.
Business Insider counted roughly 20 posts on the forum referencing Asteroid, out of 371 in total. The deluge of crypto-promoting posts on the investor forum has attracted the ire of some of the more serious posters.
""Can we get downvotes on this Q&A. We got crypto bros pumping up asteroid mascot coin in the questions instead of real investor questions,"" wrote one poster.
SpaceX did not respond to a request for comment.
There were also many serious questions in the forum, with investors asking about SpaceX's plans to test orbital refueling of its Starship rocket and progress on the company's contract with NASA to return humans to the moon.
Several posters also asked about the prospect of SpaceX merging with Musk's other company, Tesla — a rumor that also attracted the interest of Tesla investors ahead of the EV giant's own second-quarter earnings last month.
Others veered into science fiction, with multiple posts asking if SpaceX intended to develop antimatter engines, a theoretical form of propulsion. Some were out of this world, with one person asking if a future earnings call could be conducted by executives in space.
Some of the questions aren't completely out of place. In the past, Musk has embraced stunts (sending his Tesla Roadster to space) and followed through on fan suggestions (adding Dog Mode to Teslas).
It comes as SpaceX gears up for its first major test as a public company. The Starship maker is set to report Q2 earnings on Tuesday, with Morgan Stanley analysts expecting SpaceX to post a $1.7 billion loss for the quarter.
SpaceX is also bracing for a wave of insider stock sales as its first lock-up period expires on August 6, with around $100 billion in stock set to become available to trade.
Analysts have warned that the end of the lock-up could lead to further upheaval in SpaceX's already volatile stock price. SpaceX's shares have erased more than $1 trillion in value since its post-IPO surge peaked in June.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
7,2026-08-03,"This is the second 'Warhammer 40,000' project Prime Video has announced."
8,2026-08-03,"The conspiracy theorist overseeing U.S. health policy wants to rehabilitate nicotine. 
Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has called nicotine pouches ""probably the safest way to consume nicotine,"" while wellness influencers promote the addictive drug for focus, energy, and relaxation. 
Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. claimed that nicotine pouches, which are a smokeless nicotine product that people put on their gums, are ""probably the safest way to consume nicotine"" and was also allegedly seen using a nicotine pouch in his mouth during his Senate confirmation hearings.
Tech companies like Palantir are gifting workers with pouches to keep them productive. The story makes employees seem like rats in cages.
Now, as companies stock their fridges with these pouches—usually the size of a piece of gum that remains tucked between one's gums and cheek—they're seeing an increased byproduct of the new office treat: If you can't get them hooked on the work, get them hooked on the office perks.
The pouches are available for free in Palantir's offices for employees and guests over the age of 21, a Palantir spokesperson told the Wall Street Journal. Palantir, which did not respond to requests for comment, pays to stock the products. 
Eliano A. Younes, Palantir's head of strategic engagement, posted a photo on X of a Lucy-branded vending machine filled with nicotine products, with the caption: ""Palantir DC Office 🤝 @LucyNicotine 😵‍💫 🚀.""
RFK Jr. is giving the nicotine wellness craze federal credibility.
Previously:• Princess Nicotine: an enchanting short film from 1909• FDA kicks Juul out of these United States




		You will have to work very hard to find a wireless speaker that sounds as good, no matter what sort of music you dig, as the Bowers & Wilkins Zeppelin…        READ THE REST





		Americans will lose about $250 billion gambling this year, reports Joey Politano, a number that's up 60% in half a decade. And that doesn't include ""prediction markets"" and cryptocurrencies, both…        READ THE REST





		An Irish software firm managing membership of cannabis social clubs left more than a million member records and roughly 985,000 identity-document photos sitting on a server that required no password,…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: Add fresh tools to an old PC for just $32.97 with this lifetime license to…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: This refurbished 13-inch MacBook Air (2018) is now just $199.97 (reg. $1,199). If you're looking for…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: Voibe AI Voice Dictation is $79.99 (reg. $199) with offline voice-to-text, app-wide cursor support, Apple Silicon…        READ THE REST

Read the rules you agree to by using this website in our Terms of Service.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program
                        designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Boing Boing uses cookies and analytics trackers, and is supported by advertising, merchandise sales
                        and affiliate links. Read about what we do with the data we gather in our Privacy Policy.
Who will be eaten first? Our forum rules are detailed in the Community Guidelines.
Boing Boing is published under a Creative Commons license except where otherwise noted.
Privacy Manager"
9,2026-08-03,"
Nickname:



Password:



Nickname:



Password:



The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them.  We are not responsible for them in any way.

you want to remove the rightNo, I want to use my free speech rights to criticize them.
And AC is using his free speech rights to make fun of you.
You really think the AI companies would be price-sensitive?
They need pre-AI books, and they need lots of varied data. I doubt they are worrying about the cost.
""John Sainsbury, owner of Melbourne's Sainsburys Books, confirmed a slew of orders from Zoom Books had come through the store's online listings around the same time. The orders were price insensitive and appeared entirely random - niche titles, ""bottom-end"" and sometimes decades-old stock. The orders resulted in Sainsburys shipping multiple boxes overseas.""https://www.theguardian.com/te... [theguardian.com]
""One small book seller said that in April, he suddenly went from selling no more than 20 books a week to hundreds, and he's almost certain that the customers are AI labs, noting the random selection of the books and how they all have ISBNs. He added that his inventory is full with rare and out of print books, meaning that an AI company could be destroying some of the few remaining copies that can be found.""https://futurism.com/artificia... [futurism.com]
One small book seller said that in April, he suddenly went from selling no more than 20 books a week to hundreds, and he's almost certain that the customers are AI labs
So, hasn't the slightest idea. Even if the description is true, what they're describing is random. There's no reason to specifically go after rare books. The valuable rare books are going to be old, so not terribly useful for training modern language models, and the newer rare books are going to be rare because they're crap that's not worth p 
So what's your explanation for this exponential increase in random book purchases without questioning price?
The valuable rare books are going to be old, so not terribly useful for training modern language modelsLolz, you got it completely backward.
That story never made sense. Stop falling for it. Rare books are expensive. AI companies want bulk text, not expensive text.
AI companies want quality.
Does not matter if the text is cheap or expensive. However cheap in general implies low quality.
An AI trained only on rare texts, would probably be worth it's data centers weight in gold.
Try it yourself: https://github.com/haykgrigo3/... [github.com]Warning: May contain 1800s levels of racism.
Since the scanning technique is to slice off the binding, remove the cover, and then auto-feed the pages through a high-speed scanner, it destroys the books anyway, regardless of the ""stupid law"".
Is anybody aware of open source hardware/software to do the page turning and photograph/OCR the pages?
Google's rig used a puff of air, IIRC.
I asked somebody in the field and they said, ""oh, you want a professional rig - those cost $10K and up.
I was like, ""no, I have several rare books I'd like to index and this setup is far less complicated than my $249 3D printer.""  (I already have a good camera.)
I thought I'd find a hackaday or something but my cursory search wasn't fruitful.
""Fair use only when you destroy the original"" is a stupid law/ruling.Is it even the law, or is it one of those old wives tales, like the old wives tale of how touching baby birds cause their mothers to reject them? Seems like it (though I could be wrong) - I mean, what's the point of making a backup of media if you have to get rid of the original after making the backup?  That doesn't make sense.
""Fair use only when you destroy the original"" is a stupid law/ruling.
Is it even the law, or is it one of those old wives tales, like the old wives tale of how touching baby birds cause their mothers to reject them? Seems like it (though I could be wrong) - I mean, what's the point of making a backup of media if you have to get rid of the original after making the backup?  That doesn't make sense.
The staff at our local library (which is large and thriving) would be quite surprised to learn they've been unemployed for the last 15 years.
It must be terrible, letting the Orange Dragon live rent free in your head like that.
They have half the books they did 15 years ago.No, they do not. They have the same number of books as they did 15 years ago, give or take a few.You're projecting that your shitty library run by idiots is the same for all libraries. Sucks to be you.
They have half the books they did 15 years ago.
No, they do not. They have the same number of books as they did 15 years ago, give or take a few.
You're projecting that your shitty library run by idiots is the same for all libraries. Sucks to be you.
Also, which is it? Did they get rid of half their books but are still there, or were they destroyed?
Even you don't know what the hell you're jibbering ab out.
Good. More of that, please.
Millions of books are dumpstered every day.  MILLIONS.  Ever go to a library used book sale?  Ever notice that - in MOST cases - 75%+ aren't purchased, even at 50-cents a book?
Sure, some get donated but a lot of book donation places are filtering as they don't need a 100th set of Encyclopedias from 1981.I know of at least a couple of organizations that fill 20' containers and send to some associated groups in Africa to provide books for kids, but ""Morning Glory Milking Farm"" as well as Chilton's 1999 Pontiac Minivan manual isn't going to make the cut there either.  It costs $ to ship them and they don't have money to waste.Largely...they get thrown away/pulped.  For some reason I'd once noticed that a local library (part of a county-wide metro association) was dumpstering books.  Like... a LOT of books - talking a half-full 5 yard dumpster EVERY WEEK.  I'd look and there were dozens of heavy duty black garbage bags FULL of books, and not just shitty old ones, there were multiple copies of popular fiction titles, NEW periodicals, all sorts of good stuff.  I recognized the dumps were clearly by section as one night several bags would be ""history"" for example.  In the bags they were totally clean too.I probably dumpster dived 1000 books over the better part of a year, before my wife drew the line bringing home 1-2 shopping bags (eventually i just left a heavy-duty recycling tub in my car for it...) every week.  I'm a big reader but that's a lot.This was a library in an extremely wealthy suburb of 50,000.  So I called them and asked about it.  IMMEDIATELY the library *insisted* they only threw away damaged books.  When I provided pictures, they claimed they were moving to a new facility and someone was just being a little overzealous in their cull.Their new building was - I shit you not - MAYBE 50 yards away.
Anyway, the point is, I am saddened by the loss of any book, but let's not cry fake tears over this just because it's AI and people are 'shocked' to find out that the public doesn't give much of a shit about books anymore.  Because they don't.
It's generally not the mass pulp that is much of a worry. It's the rare books that get digitized for AI then dumped
I mean, we have some of the largest AI companies digitizing books for their AI training sets. Imagine the human benefit if those archives aren't destroyed but kept.
Heck, it could even serve as an income stream for those AI companies to make books available for access.
Of course, we know when the bubble pops, all that data gets deleted and since those books were destroyed permanently which means 
That doesn't sound correct. To train an AI you create a training set and iterate many times (""epochs"") over the training set. You can't just do one batch of data and then discard it from the training set to never use it again. They also won't recreate the training set each time they train a new model. So in theory they could create a digital library, but they are not allowed to (because their fair use applies to training with their copy, but not to creating new copies).
What's left out is that the books need to be destroyed after scanning for legal reasons, to prevent publishers from claiming that they have made an unauthorized copy. IP reform can't come soon enough.
There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead.
South Korea Records Its Highest Ever Temperature
'AI's Decimation of Call Center Jobs Has Begun'
""Money is the root of all money.""
-- the moving finger"
10,2026-08-03,It’s unclear when (and if) it will be publicly released.
11,2026-08-03,"The new LISEN Qi2.2 MagSafe battery strikes a nice balance between size and design, bringing some very interesting features to the lanyard. On the spec side, the key feature is supporting the Qi2.2 standard for much faster MagSafe charging. To me, the most unique feature is a really clever lanyard system for the included cable.
MagSafe Monday: Every Monday, Bradley Chambers looks at the latest and greatest in the MagSafe and wireless charging industry to help you get the most out of your Apple devices that support wireless charging.
Standard MagSafe charging can be incredibly slow and hot, especially if you are just trying to get a quick top-up during a trip. LISEN did include support for Qi2.2, which is the fastest MagSafe charging you can do at this current time. They claim this delivers up to 25 watts of wireless power. Because fast charging generates heat and can cause slowdowns, LISEN built in an active thermal control system and uses electric-vehicle-grade cells to keep the battery cool and running as close to full power as possible.
My favorite part of this battery is how it handles the USB-C cable. It includes a detachable 65-watt USB-C cable for charging AirPods, Kindle, etc. When you are done charging, the cable actually clips onto a woven lanyard on the battery. It keeps the cord locked, so you do not lose it at the bottom of your bag. It is a small design choice that makes a massive difference when you are commuting or traveling. I have not seen this in a MagSafe battery before, but when I first got a look at it, it immediately clicked for me. It’s my favorite feature of the LISEN Qi2.2 MagSafe battery overall.
If you are looking for a nice middle ground on size and power for summer traveling, the LISEN Qi2.2 MagSafe battery is a great option. It has a 10000mAh capacity without feeling like a heavy brick in your pocket. The smart thermal protection and the unique cable lanyard make it one of the more thoughtfully designed  MagSafe batteries I’ve used this year. Again, the lanyard is the best part.
You can pick up the new LISEN Qi2.2 MagSafe battery on Amazon.
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Bradley has worked at K-12 independent schools for much of the last 20 years, serving as the head of the information technology department and leading classroom technology integration. He’s well-versed in enterprise Wi-Fi, macOS and iOS system management, school technology, and SaaS tools.

										Upgrade your home security with wireless cameras that includes HomeKit compatibility.									

										Abode is the best home security system and includes compatibility with HomeKit.									"
12,2026-08-03,"We study the demand for safety and liquidity in the crypto ecosystem. We do so under a framework in which a representative investor allocates liquidity across stablecoin deposits in lending pools and traditional safe assets (e.g., MMF shares). Our model deliv…"
13,2026-08-03,"Geopolitical chaos “actually increases the importance of such firms because people are getting a bit more desperate,” one maritime trade expert told Fortune."
14,2026-08-03,"TOPICS
AI AND ML
Taiwanese silicon biz believes it can take up to 20% of $80B market with upcoming ASIC chips, but analysts are sceptical
Taiwanese chipmaker MediaTek is lining up $5 billion in financing to expand into AI datacenter silicon, targeting a slice of a market it expects to be worth up to $80 billion next year.
The fabless chip producer is perhaps best known for its Arm-based smartphone and Chromebook chipsets, plus wireless silicon for Wi-Fi products. But the firm is the latest to see a ""compelling growth opportunity"" in the market for compute to power AI and so-called agentic AI in particular.
MediaTek is targeting application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) rather than GPUs and reckons it can capture 15 to 20 percent of the market.
The company's board has also approved $5 billion in financing to secure supply chain capacity and fuel an expansion from AI ASIC chips to full-scale systems and platforms, MediaTek stated.
Chief exec Dr Rick Tsai spelled it out during an analyst call for the company's Q2 2026 earnings.
""Recently, the release of increasingly capable frontier AI models, together with the rapid transition toward agentic AI, has become a key driver of compute demand across both cloud and edge AI,"" he stated.
""Agentic AI, which executes a series of actions, including planning, reasoning, execution, and self-correction, further increases workloads. This represents a compelling growth opportunity for MediaTek, as we are well-positioned to support both the scaling of AI datacenters and the proliferation of agentic AI experiences across a broad range of edge devices.""
MediaTek says that its first ASIC family has been developed in ""close partnership with major US cloud service provider customers,"" and is scheduled to enter production in the fourth quarter of this year. A second AI accelerator design is also progressing well and aims to offer a step up in compute performance.
The chip biz expects its AI datacenter ASIC revenue to exceed $2 billion in 2026, scaling substantially next year, primarily driven by increasing customer demand for its technology, which boasts optimized performance for TCO and performance per watt at scale, Tsai claims.
""With close collaboration with our advanced packaging partner, the yield and reliability of the second ASIC are on track for high-volume production in 2028. We're confident in capturing additional market share when this ASIC ramps up,"" Tsai told analysts.
But MediaTek will be facing competition from rivals such as Broadcom and Marvell, which already design ASICs for the AI market, and even Google, which announced plans to start selling its custom tensor processing units (TPUs) to some customers earlier this year.
According to a Bloomberg Intelligence report from January, the market for AI ASICs is projected to expand at a 27 percent compound annual rate to reach $118 billion by 2033, and grow from just 8 percent of the total AI accelerator arena in 2024 to 19 percent in 2033.
MediaTek reported Q2 revenue of NT$152.18 billion ($4.68 billion), up just 1.2 percent year-on-year, but operating income was down by 22 percent to NT$22.87 billion ($705 million).  
Gartner VP Analyst Gaurav Gupta expressed skepticism over MedaiTek's ambitions. ""If I look at 2024 market share for MediaTek in 2024 for AI accelerators in compute electronics, it was < 1 percent. Based on recent studies, our projection is still < 1 percent  for MediaTek. The company has gained some traction recently in custom accelerators, like with Google. But, aiming for 15-20 percent seems very high at this point."" ®

    For the first time, Alibaba's Qwen team is letting its 'Max' model out of the API pen; meanwhile, DeepSeek V4-Flash gives new meaning to cheap and cheerful competition


    Poisoned pull requests contain prompt injection that allows one to control another


    PARTNER CONTENT: Databricks survey data suggests certified professionals lift partner delivery capacity, customer credibility, and AI readiness well beyond the individuals who earn the credential


    With NIST still buried under its backlog, expect AI-generated bogus reports to continue


    'As a big AI skeptic, you just blew my mind'


    Keyloggers, audio-visual surveillance, and token theft on CaptivePortal's agenda as hospitality sector put on alert

ai and ml
For the first time, Alibaba's Qwen team is letting its 'Max' model out of the API pen; meanwhile, DeepSeek V4-Flash gives new meaning to cheap and cheerful competition
Security
Poisoned pull requests contain prompt injection that allows one to control another
SYSTEMS
88 custom cores, 176 funky threads, 1.5 TB of laptop RAM, and 1.8 TB/s of NVLink connectivity — this isn't your typical datacenter chip
OFF-PREM
Cloud revenue now north of $143 billion a quarter, and growth is accelerating
DEVOPS
Persistent sessions could be just the beginning
Security
PLUS: US takes down Iranian propaganda sites; Marketing company asks 'Why Do We Have Your Information?' And more!
Security
PLUS: China upgrades smartphone surveillance tools; Ring eases anti-snooping stance; and more
Black Hat and DEF CON
Voting village reports have been so successful, says Jeff Moss, that the whole of DEF CON will now be included
Security
Went at equivalent of $3.5B+ valuation for entire firm, though portion sold not specified
Malware Month
On the plus side, infosec's a good bet for a long, stable career
Word up
New 'Simple-taskbar' is an option, but there's a simpler, stabler way
New Debian versions hit FOSSland in the form of 13.6 and 12.15
Flaws in iCagenda, Balbooa Forms extensions can impact open source CMS that powers a million sites worldwide
Joins yserver, Phoenix, and of course XLibre – and outlier Arcan
Next version of Linux Mint’s desktop has both kinds of display server

Biting the hand that feeds IT

Contact usAdvertise with usWho we areNewsletter


The Next PlatformDevClassBlocks and FilesSituation Publishing


Cookies PolicyPrivacy PolicyTs & CsDo not share my personal informationYour Consent Options


        Copyright. All rights reserved © 1998-2026.
    "
15,2026-08-03,The findings could add fuel to the fire for teen social media bans gaining steam around the world.
16,2026-08-03,"
Physical keyboard phones have been largely absent from the mainstream market for the better part of a decade. The touchscreen revolution swept them away so completely that finding a new phone with actual keys now means wading through a very short list of niche products. That’s fine for touchscreen loyalists, but for those who still swear by tactile typing, the options have been frustratingly limited.
The Zinwa Q27 addresses that shortage head-on, arriving as a 5G Android smartphone built entirely from scratch with a physical QWERTY keyboard at its center. It isn’t a renovation of old hardware and doesn’t recycle any components from existing devices. The Q27 is an original design, and it channels the spirit of the BlackBerry Classic openly, as if daring you to forget how satisfying real keys felt.
Designer: Zinwa






The layout places a 4-inch, 1080×1240 pixel AMOLED display above the thumb keyboard, keeping everything reachable in a single hand. At 140mm x 74mm x 11mm and 192 grams, the footprint is compact by today’s phablet-dominated standards. Anyone who once fired off emails on a BlackBerry will recognize this form factor instantly, and probably won’t need long to feel at home with it.

A MediaTek Dimensity 7300 chip and 12GB of RAM give the Q27 enough processing headroom for a full day of heavy multitasking. Storage options cover 256GB and 512GB, with microSD expansion available on both. It’s a configuration that suits the kind of user who lives in productivity apps, keeps a dozen conversations going at once, and can’t afford to babysit a slow phone between tasks.
Photography comes via a 50MP rear camera and a 16MP front-facing camera, while the 4,000mAh battery handles daily endurance with both 33W wired fast charging and 15W Qi wireless charging available. NFC, dual-SIM support alongside eSIM compatibility, and 5G connectivity round out the hardware, making the Q27 a surprisingly complete package for a phone designed to scratch such a specific itch.






Smaller details add to the overall impression. An X-axis linear motor delivers a crisper, more lateral haptic feel than the basic rumble of typical budget devices, while a dedicated notification LED and a Hi-Fi speaker bring back features that most modern phones quietly retired. There’s no headphone jack, which some will take issue with, but the USB Type-C port covers both charging and wired audio without trouble.
It ships with Android 16 and full Google Mobile Services, and comes in black or white, each unit with a pre-applied screen protector and protective case included. A charger isn’t in the box. Pricing starts at $420 for the 256 GB model and $480 for the 512 GB version, and because production will match pre-order quantity, there’s no confirmed ship date yet.

The Q27 also marks a shift in Zinwa’s approach. Previous models from the company involved transplanting modern internals into refurbished BlackBerry shells, but the Q27 is a wholly new design with no borrowed chassis. For a small outfit trying to keep the physical keyboard phone alive, that’s a significant step, and it shows the kind of commitment this particular corner of the market genuinely needs right now.

Titanium is a material with a very specific reputation. It belongs to the world of rugged efficiency, survival gear, and precision engineering, usually chosen for…
Every new parent knows which household sounds can end a nap. The dishwasher at the wrong moment. A phone notification set too loud. Or the…
The aptly named Soap Beam might take inspiration from the shape of a soap bar, but it has next to nothing to do with getting…
The aim of Lucifer is to reduce the steps to light on a match. It’s easier to get fire from a lighter than from a…
The best never rest, as they say. As soon as Apple dropped its latest iPhone, companies jumped in to announce new devices. Nothing touted a…
The Solocam may just be the most perfect blend of weird and awesome (after Jim Carrey, of course). Probably the cameraman’s worst enemy, this selfie…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
17,2026-08-03,"Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
My favorite cheap Android phone just scored a rare discount at Amazon.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

TL;DR: Amazon has given the top-rated Google Pixel 10a a rare 15% discount, just in time for Back to School season.
The Pixel 11 series is set to be unveiled on August 12th — just in time for Back to School shopping — but for folks who don't want to wait, last year's Google Pixel 10a remains a tempting and budget-friendly alternative.
Currently selling for just $424 at Amazon (a 15% discount), the Google Pixel 10a is easily one of the best Android phones for students in 2026, with exceptional battery life, flagship-level camera tech, and an approachable price tag that won't break the bank. We probably won't see another A series Pixel phone until early 2027, so I'm grabbing this discounted Pixel 10a while I can — the Google Pixel 11 can wait.
Google Pixel 10a 128GB: $499 $424 at Amazon
The Google Pixel 10a was unveiled earlier this year with an agreeable $499 price tag, and now Amazon is making the midrange masterpiece even more approachable by slashing 15% off the 128GB device. At a time when tech seems to be getting more and more expensive, no-strings discounts like this are a refreshing sight.
The Google Pixel 10a is a cheap Android phone that punches way above its weight class. The phone impressive with a stunning 6.3-inch pOLED display and IP68 durability out of the box, while under the hood you get the tried-and-tested Tensor G4 chipset, Android 16, and seven years of guaranteed OS and security updates.
The Pixel 10a also comes with the same main and ultrawide camera lenses found in the more-expensive Google Pixel 10, while the cheaper phone actually boasts a bigger battery than its flagship counterpart.
It's not the most powerful Android phone on the market, but if you're shopping for a new smartphone on a student's budget and you don't want to sacrifice the latest specs and features, the Google Pixel 10a is an unbeatable device.
 



Again, the only real catch with this deal is that the Google Pixel 11 lineup is going to be revealed on August 12th with some preorder deals in tow. These early offers will largely be confined to wireless carriers, but if you want to wait and try to get a Pixel 11 through your phone plan, go for it.
However, if you want an unlocked phone ASAP, I'd jump on this Google Pixel 10a deal while you can. The Pixel 11 isn't going to get any straight discounts any time soon, and as it's expected to start at $899, the new device is not nearly as cost-effective as the Pixel 10a offer described here.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
After almost a decade of working in the e-commerce space, Patrick Farmer (he/him) began his career at Android Central as a Deals and Commerce Writer before moving into a new role as AC's eCommerce Editor in 2023. When he's not hunting down the best deals and offering shopping advice for our readers, you'll often find him listening to music, camping out at a brewery, or treating his cat like a human child. 
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
18,2026-08-03,"To free, or not to free?
That is the question for paid streamers like Netflix, as free services, and YouTube in particular, attract TV viewers.
Hollywood giants Disney and Paramount Skydance are exploring adding free tiers to their subscription services to build audiences, grow advertising revenue, and turn curious newcomers into customers, Business Insider previously reported. And Netflix co-CEO Greg Peters said in mid-July that ""a free offering could make sense in some markets.""
Free tiers could define the next stage of the streaming wars as services look to win over consumers sick of stream-flation. YouTube has enjoyed significant growth, as have free, ad-supported TV apps like Tubi and The Roku Channel, which are known as FAST services. Those three free streamers had a 19.1% viewership share on US TVs in May, according to Nielsen, up from 17.2% a year earlier.
While Apple TV and Paramount+ let users sample some full episodes, most paid streamers don't have substantial free offerings.
""A genuinely free, advertising-funded tier is entirely feasible and could serve as a meaningful differentiator, particularly as consumers become more selective about the growing number of subscriptions they maintain,"" said media industry analyst Paolo Pescatore of PP Foresight.
Free streaming tiers also carry risk, since they could cannibalize a platform's subscription revenue if paid users trade down, said Greenlight Analytics analyst Brandon Katz. Streamers would have to thread the needle in deciding what content to give away for free.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
""Give away too little, and consumers will not engage,"" Pescatore said. ""Give away too much, and the company risks undermining the very subscription model it is trying to support.""
Disney has discussed allowing free access to select Disney+ content, Business Insider reported in July. A source familiar with the company's strategy said streaming leaders often brainstorm ways to better serve audiences.
Katz said that making some shows and movies free could help a company like Disney ""extract more value from its content investments"" by driving viewership years after their releases.
Paramount+ is exploring free content as well, through a planned feature known internally as the ""free front porch,"" Business Insider reported last month. This free tier was listed as a ""Q3 product priority"" during a recent streaming town hall, alongside micro dramas and podcast clips.
Paramount's presentation said that allowing free access could ""drive acquisition and winbacks"" of previous customers by getting viewers used to its app and hooked on its content.
""I'm surprised that it hasn't happened already,"" Alan Wolk, a media analyst at TVREV, said of the Paramount+ free tier concept. ""I think they should all do it. Otherwise, they're just ceding ground to the FAST services that could be theirs."" (Paramount does have its own separate FAST service, Pluto TV.)
In a crowded TV landscape, offering free episodes of older shows or samples of new seasons is ""a way to keep awareness going,"" Wolk said. Streamers can get viewers in the habit of watching their libraries, tell them about new originals, and then upsell them on access to the full catalog.
""There's not an ambient awareness of what's on TV like there used to be,"" Wolk said.
While free tiers may seem promising, the risk could outweigh the potential reward for some streamers — especially in certain markets.
Netflix has built such a large US subscriber base that it must be ""thoughtful about cannibalization of paid tiers,"" said Peters, its co-CEO, on the company's second-quarter earnings call. If the streaming giant made any of its content available for free, it could give some customers a reason to cancel.
""For Netflix, any potential loss of subscription revenue would need to be outweighed by advertising income and incremental reach,"" Pescatore said. He added that a free tier could be ""more compelling in markets where paid penetration is lower or where pricing remains a significant barrier.""
Peters said Netflix would need ""an effective scaled ads business"" before launching a free tier in a market. He said Netflix would ""continue to consider"" a free tier but has ""no near-term plans"" of launching one.
While free tiers could help Disney and Paramount, there could be a ""glut"" of new supply in the streaming ad market if their rivals followed suit, said John Conca, a media analyst at research firm Third Bridge.
""If everyone is offering something free, what happens to the ad economy? I could see a world where that becomes really challenging,"" Conca said.
Streamers would also have to consider whether going the free route would dilute their brand.
Pescatore said a free tier could ""alter perceptions of a premium service, especially if consumers begin to see its content as something that should be available without payment.""
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
19,2026-08-03,"When Ayush Raj Jha moved from India to Illinois in 2018 to pursue a master's degree in computer science, he was optimistic about the future of software engineering.
Now, after years of layoffs and the rapid rise of AI, he's worried about the future of his industry — and his long-term future in the US.
Jha is one of hundreds of thousands of workers in the US on an H-1B visa, for whom losing a job can mean more than losing a paycheck. They generally have 60 days to find a new employer or risk losing their legal status in the US.
Major employers in tech rely heavily on H-1B workers. Federal data shows that the ""Magnificent 7"" companies, including the likes of Amazon and Apple, have had more than 200,000 H-1B applications approved since October 2020.
""It's really started impacting the lives of people who are on visas,"" Jha said. ""There's constant fear and uncertainty.""
He's among the tech workers who are looking for ways to stay competitive in an evolving industry. Some are responding by working harder and learning AI skills, while others are preparing for job searches or actively seeking more secure roles.
After earning a master's degree from the Illinois Institute of Technology in 2020, Jha joined Motorola Solutions as a software engineer, where he worked on software for public safety agencies. In 2022, he joined Oracle as a senior software engineer, where he helped build cloud infrastructure used to deploy healthcare software to hospitals. ChatGPT was released late that year.
Try a
                                  Level Up action pack.
Build a calm, realistic plan to recover from job loss and move toward your next role.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Since then, Jha said two things have reinforced his concerns about AI's impact on software engineering. The first is his experience using AI tools.
To stay competitive, Jha said he spends an estimated eight to 10 hours a week outside of work taking online courses on platforms like LinkedIn Learning and Coursera, experimenting with coding tools, and contributing to open-source projects. Seeing what the technology can do firsthand has both impressed and worried him, he said.
""If we don't adapt to these new technologies, it just becomes impossible to stay relevant or even be employable at this point,"" he said.
The second is LinkedIn. He said posts about tech layoffs have become a regular sight on his feed, serving as a constant reminder of how quickly the industry is changing.
Business Insider is speaking with workers who've found themselves at a corporate crossroads — whether due to a layoff, resignation, job search, or shifting workplace expectations.
Share your story by filling out this form.
Earlier this year, Jha started looking for a more senior, higher-paying role where he could make a bigger impact.
Layoffs at Oracle, most recently in March, had heightened his concerns about job security. While his primary focus was career advancement, he also hoped to find an employer that could offer greater stability, in part because of his visa status.
Jha said his job search was fairly challenging, which he expected given the hiring slowdown across parts of the tech sector. Eventually, he found a staff software engineer opening at a customer service software company that came with a higher title and pay than his position at Oracle.
The company's reputation for a strong engineering culture and ability to attract skilled professionals from diverse backgrounds was also a draw, Jha said. And it was privately owned, so Jha believed it might face less short-term pressure from market expectations, quarterly earnings, and shareholders — dynamics he hoped would make the role more secure than one at a public company.
Jha accepted an offer in July. Before starting with his new employer in September, Jha said he plans to take a roughly two-month career break while his H-1B transfer is finalized.
Jha believes his more than a decade of experience as a software engineer helped him land his new role, but he also believes his online coursework and open-source contributions were important.
""I always try to stay up to date with market trends and emerging technologies rather than only focusing on day-to-day company work or simply building my resume,"" he said.
Jha said his advice to tech workers, regardless of their visa status, is to always be prepared to interview for their next job.
""At this point with AI adoption, it does not matter how well you perform even at your current company — you could be replaceable,"" he said.
Do you have a story to share? Reach out to the reporter via email at jzinkula@businessinsider.com, or via Signal at jzinkula.29.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
20,2026-08-03,"Four people have been charged with the kidnap of a man in Ilkeston.
Derbyshire Police said a man, in his 20s, was taken away against his will in Bridge Street in the town on 30 July but was later ""safely located"".
Kien Rigley, 23, of Barlborough Road, Ilkeston, Kainan Wilson, 21, of Market Street, Ironville, Nottinghamshire, Zabed Miah, 24, of Wilton Street, Ilkeston, and Lewis Birks-Iacovitti, 24, of Rossell Drive, Stapleford, Nottinghamshire, have been charged with kidnap and assault ABH, police added.
They appeared at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court on Saturday, and have been remanded in custody to appear at Derby Crown Court on 28 August, the force said.
Wilson is also charged with possession of a knife in a public place.
Miah is facing a second charge of assault ABH relating to a separate incident on 17 July, police said.
Listen to BBC Radio Derby on Sounds and follow BBC Derby on Facebook, on X, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk or via WhatsApp on 0808 100 2210.
Former officer Shaun Elliott is on trial accused of assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Charlene Heslop was told just days after marrying her husband that her cervical cancer had returned.
Emilio Gay hits an unbeaten century for Durham in the One-Day Cup, while wins for Leicestershire and Middlesex take them top of their groups.
Fire crews urged people not to use barbecues, campfires or gas stoves on the moorland.
The RMT union - which represents railway staff - took strike action on Saturday.
Copyright 2026 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
21,2026-08-03,"Bose is everywhere, a brand that's somewhat synonymous with top-tier sound devices. In fact, it's routinely cited by users as one of the best Bluetooth speakers on the market. Are they reliable, though? How many years does a Bose speaker last?
If Bose's other products are any indication (users say Bose headphones can last a few years), you're in good hands. Online discourse confirms this to be true in general, but the mileage varies depending on the type of speaker. Traditional options (home entertainment and others) like Acoustimass can easily last a decade, according to one user who held on to his Bose system for 10 years. Another reports 19 years for Acoustimass 6 II, and in the same thread, a Redditor shares that their Acoustimass speakers (the subwoofer, to be precise) died after 25 years. The company's shelf speakers seem to be equally robust. A Redditor pitched in about a positive experience with a set of Bose 161 speakers, claiming they inherited them from their father who purchased the set in 2001 – that's nearly 25 years.
With Bluetooth speakers, you can't expect much, right? Wrong. While there is a fair share of lemons out there (a Redditor complained about an unspecified Bose Bluetooth model dying after just a year, and they're not alone), the majority had quite a favorable sentiment. This includes the SoundLink Mini speaker, which lasted past the eight-year mark, and one that lasted 12 years. In fact, 10 years is quite common, though some owners experienced battery issues in five years. Considering multiple people shared similar lifespans for their portable speakers, you can reasonably expect it to work well for five years and consider yourself a winner if it lasts 10.
If you're still wondering if Bose speakers are good, the answer is, for the most part, yes. However, they may not be the best sonically. As one user put it (who absolutely adores the reliability and the design), they can't stand listening to them. Another owner joked about Bose's midrange focus, and there's a whole thread about Bose sounding bad. At the same time, plenty of people love them, which only goes to show how subjective the topic of sound really is.
In terms of failures, aside from older Bose SoundTouch devices losing features, most complaints about Bluetooth speakers are pretty much what you'd expect from other brands. Aging speakers (five years and up) could develop issues with the Bluetooth connection, which is quite common. There are similar complaints about battery life, but that's also expected for ""senior"" speakers.
If you've got patience, you can get the battery replaced by Bose itself (plenty of users have done so after the warranty expired). What's more, you can trade in old Bose speakers too. If you're not happy with the product, you can trade in a variety of Bose stuff for a purchasing credit. For Wi-Fi or Bluetooth speakers, you'll get $200 to put toward a newer model."
22,2026-08-03,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
Aug 3, 2026 — 5:29 PM ET

News will have reached you by now that OnePlus announced it was pulling out of the US, but its phones didn’t vanish overnight. The remaining stock was still available while supplies lasted, and it now looks like that supply has almost run dry.
As 9to5Google spotted, the OnePlus 15 has completely sold out on OnePlus.com in the US. Both storage options and both color variants are unavailable, while the OnePlus 15R, OnePlus Pad Go 2, OnePlus Watch 4, and most of the company’s other products have also disappeared from the store.
The only products the publication could still find for sale directly from OnePlus were the OnePlus Buds Pro 3 in Lunar Radiance and the Nord Buds 3 Pro in Soft Jade.
Amazon isn’t offering much of a lifeline either. At the time of writing, the 256GB OnePlus 15 is unavailable, while the 512GB model is only listed in black by a third-party seller with relatively few reviews. The same seller has the black 256GB OnePlus 15R, but not the higher-storage version. It seems buyers still determined to pick up one of the final OnePlus phones officially released in the US have very few choices left.
OnePlus said in July that it would stop releasing new products in North America and several other major markets, although it plans to continue supporting existing devices. The upcoming OnePlus 16 has already been confirmed, but it will not get an official US launch, making the disappearing OnePlus 15 stock a literal end of the line for many of us.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
23,2026-08-03,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Tech > Mobile > Phones
Google's Android operating system runs on 3 billion devices. So why does its own phone barely register? A decade after the Pixel first launched, I went looking for a real answer. I talked to industry experts: a wireless market analyst, two longtime tech journalists, and PCMag's own consumer electronics editor. They don't all agree.
Principal Video Producer
Video Programming Specialist

•
				Article updated August 3, 2026 at 8:08 am ET			

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
24,2026-08-03,"We may receive a commission on purchases made from links.
Heading off to college can be an exciting chapter in anyone's life, and there's no better way to prepare than by making sure you have everything you need. This can include a solid tablet, as they can make for an excellent study partner. Though they're useful in their own right for their portability, specs, and features, the right tablet accessories can also provide laptop capabilities or additional writing features. While we can show you some of the best tablets for note-taking, we'd rather show students a device perfect for a variety of situations.
Looking at what real users online have to say, we also conducted our own research to identify some of the best tablets for students. From low-priced devices that are easy on the eyes to big-name electronics brands offering high-end displays for streaming or video conferencing, virtually all of these tablets should have little issue getting students through their college experience, if not beyond. We also did our best to cover a variety of price points to suit users' needs.
Of course, before buying anything, be sure to do some research on any college or university that you or the student plans to attend. Schools may have a preference for one operating system over another, or students with experience at a specific institution may have their own recommendations. It also never hurts to check the best student subscription discounts, as college can be stressful enough without worrying about your wallet.
For smartphones, we ranked Xiaomi rather highly among Android phones for delivering high-end specs at an affordable price, and it seems the company is also extending this philosophy to tablets for students. The 11.2-inch Xiaomi Pad 7 Wi-Fi version holds a 4.7-star rating with 290 reviews on Amazon. We're looking at the model with a 128GB drive and 8GB of RAM, but additional upgrade options are available.
Featuring a Snapdragon 7+ Gen 3 capable of up to 2.8 GHz, this device also includes an Adreno GPU and a Qualcomm AI engine. This Xiaomi is sporting a 3.2K 144Hz display with up to 800-nit peak brightness and Dolby Vision and HDR10 support, making it a good candidate for streaming services. There's also a 13MP rear camera that can shoot 4K video at 30 fps or 1080p video at 60 fps. This device also offers an 8850mAh battery with 45W turbo charging via USB-C.
Users wanting to extend this device's capabilities can also consider the Xiaomi Focus Pen for writing and drawing, and the Pro Focus Keyboard for laptop-like capabilities. Users on Reddit highlighted this one as an affordable option for students, while Amazon gave it points for its long battery life. However, at least one user did have complaints with the display recognizing multi-touch actions. Those looking for a strong display may want to start here.
The Apple iPad likely needs little introduction, but shoppers should be aware that the company often offers discounts and deals for students through its Education Store. That said, Amazon's Choice 11th-Generation Apple iPad offers a multitude of expansion options. This includes the ability to add a cellular radio for phone calls and expandable storage up to 512GB (baseline is 128GB).
Along with the ability to use an Apple Pencil (sold separately) for note-taking, drawing and other uses with certain iOS features, this model also sports an 11-inch Liquid Retina Display and Touch ID for security. Apple also offers a Magic Keyboard that attaches to the iPad magnetically for those who want that option. The A16 chipset in this model supports editing 4K video, and this iPad also includes a 12MP Wide back camera and a 12MP Center Stage front camera. The device also promises up to 10 hours of battery life on Wi-Fi and charges via USB-C.
Though the device doesn't support Apple Intelligence, multiple users across Reddit recommended an iPad for students, and this particular model also holds a 4.7-star rating on Amazon with 26,795 reviews. Users found the device solid for note-taking and accessing PDFs, with one user also finding it good for taking online courses. However, users do note that the device is also pricey compared to other tablets, especially the accessories. Nonetheless, this may be a good choice for those with other Apple ecosystem products.
While you can see for yourself how we rank this model among Samsung's other tablets, it's worth noting that we've found it to be a good choice for students in the past. With a 4.6-star rating and 1,182 reviews, the Amazon's Choice Samsung Galaxy S10 Lite is appealing for its inclusion of an S Pen, which provides additional writing options for users. Starting at 128GB, users can upgrade storage to 256GB or 512GB, and to 2TB via a microSD card.
With a 10.9-inch display capable of up to 600-nit peak brightness, the S10 Lite also features an Exynos 1380 processor, in addition to an 8MP rear camera and a 5MP front camera. Users also have access to artificial intelligence features in this model, including Circle to Search discovery options and the ability to solve trigonometric equations, among other capabilities. Additionally, Samsung boasts that this device can last up to 16 hours thanks to an 8,000mAh battery, and there's also cross-compatibility support for other devices in the Samsung ecosystem.
Users on Amazon find this a good starter tablet for college students, and also give the device points for its picture quality and screen size. Though many praise it for its performance and overall value, some users do have complaints that the device's touch responsiveness isn't sensitive enough. Some also report having issues during setup. That being said, students may appreciate this one for the included accessories and cross-compatibility.
We found the Lenovo IdeaTab Plus to be a cheaper alternative to the iPad, and it also makes this list for those working with a budget. An Amazon's Choice item, the Lenovo Idea Tab Plus still has some specs behind its lower price range. The other big (well, small) thing about this tablet is that it weighs a little more than a pound despite its 12.1-inch screen, and Lenovo also touts the device's AI capabilities.
With a 2.5K display promising up to 800-nit peak brightness, the Idea Tab Plus also includes a 2.5 GHz MediaTek Dimensity 6400 processor alongside quad speakers tuned with Dolby Atmos. With 8GB of storage and 128GB of RAM, there is a microSD card slot for additional storage. Along with promising 13 hours of YouTube and USB-C charging, Lenovo also included some additional software options geared toward students. This includes drag-and-drop file-sharing options as well as four additional learning applications, such as a notepad and a calculator.
On Amazon, the item has a 4.5-star rating with 242 reviews. While at least one reviewer found it ""perfect"" for college students, others gave it points for including a Lenovo Tab Pen and a folio case. Although users appreciated its ease of use, at least one user found the included software unsatisfactory. Keeping this in mind, 89% of Amazon customers rate this 4 stars or higher, and the price alone may appeal to frugal students.
We're ending this list with the TCL Nxtpaper 11 Gen 2, a tablet focused on eye comfort. The main appeal of this device is that its display features a flicker-free, anti-reflective surface. There's also an included Eye Care Assistant that automatically adjusts the display brightness and provides reminders when it may be time for the user's eyes to take a break. This is in addition to users being able to bundle this tablet with TCL's T-Pen and folio case.
Featuring an MTK Helio G80 processor, 8GB of RAM, and 8GB of virtual RAM, this device also includes a custom version of Android with AI tools such as smart voice memos, language translation, writing assistants, and more. Along with an 8000mAh battery that promises all-day battery life and 18W fast charging, this tablet also supports reverse charging, allowing users to charge other devices via USB-C. Another cool thing about this tablet is that it has three display modes for writing, drawing, and regular tablet use.
With a 4.4-star rating from 240 reviews on Amazon, users say the writing capabilities of this device are good for students, and they also give it high marks for its battery life. However, some users report screen flickering, while another customer took issue with TCL's custom software. Of course, those going off to college may also want to consider the four best TCL TVs you can buy today.
College can be expensive, but that doesn't always mean the items you need to get back to school have to be, too. As we curated this list, we scoured multiple sources across the web (including what users on Reddit had to say) to determine the best tablets for college students based on factors such as price, features, availability, and functionality. In addition to reviewing user reviews of these devices, we ensured that each item had a 4-star rating or higher on Amazon, and bonus points were given to Amazon's Choice items. In addition to price being a major factor, we also did our best to choose devices that offer something unique to the user experience.
Found this useful? Join our free weekly newsletter for smart tech buys and products to avoid."
25,2026-08-03,"We may receive a commission on purchases made from links.
Not so long ago, holidays had a dedicated cameraman, a person in charge of capturing all the memories, then developing the film afterward. That era, however, was over when smartphones became popular. Now, everyone can take good-looking photos, but over time, people have started to miss the fun of actual photography. This is exactly why '90s kids' film cameras and '00s digital cameras are coming back. The benefits are clear. You get a physical memory of an important event to keep in your wallet instead of a WhatsApp forward, and the photos don't have that HDR-heavy look that tries to balance everything perfectly. For the longest time, the Instax Mini series has served as the entry-level instant camera. They are ridiculously easy to use, capture great Mini prints, and most importantly, are super fun.
This year, Fujifilm is back with the newest iteration: the Mini 13. While I agree it doesn't bring many big upgrades in image quality compared to its predecessor, it does add some genuinely helpful features, like a self-timer to frame your shots and the much-requested close-up mode, so you can finally take selfies. All this at the $93.95 price makes a pretty compelling case, if you can ignore the lack of any manual controls. But is it worth your money? We tested the camera for about two weeks; this review should help you find out.
If I just had to use one word to describe the Mini 13's design, it would be ""cute."" Compared to the Mini 12, the new camera features a bumpy, almost pillow-like aesthetic that instantly makes it an approachable tool. Color options are quite fun, including the likes of Candy Pink, Dreamy Purple, Frost Blue, and Lagoon Green. I received the Lagoon Green model for review, and it looks handsome. 
The corners are slightly less rounded this time, and Fujifilm has swapped the Mini 12's asymmetrical design for a more sophisticated aesthetic. Despite what many professional photographers will tell you about the Mini 13, I never once felt like I was walking around town with a toy camera. That feeling was thanks to the build quality. Sure, the camera is made of plastic, but the 11.5-ounce weight made it feel substantial in hand. There were no rattles or loose parts in the chassis, and the dimensions of 4.15 × 4.91 × 2.66 inches ensured that I could carry the camera around without taking up much space in my backpack. 
Handling is Fujifilm's bread and butter. With the pillow-like design, my fingers would naturally rest inside one of these contours, which gave a rather confident grip since I'm always afraid of dropping things. This design also works for landscape shots, though it's a bit tricky. When holding the camera horizontally, your index finger will naturally rest at the shutter button. Sadly, there isn't enough grip for a confident fit, so I had to make an L-shape with my other hand to hold the camera, which blocked the printing area.
Inside the box, you also get a wrist strap with a little Instax-shaped accessory that can be used to prop the camera at a slight angle for your photos. For selfie aficionados, there's a little mirror right next to the lens, which I found quite helpful when framing shots, except for when taking selfies from far away, where my bad eyesight made it a little challenging to see the mirror clearly. Alongside that, there's the automatic Xenon flash, which gives indoor photos that classic instant-film look. The rest of the new additions are headlined by the selfie timer. On the back, there's a handy counter that keeps track of how many prints you have left.
There's just one small nitpick I have with the Mini 13. For a camera with a self-timer, it's a shame Fujifilm didn't incorporate tripod support, which is one of the most useful photography accessories. You can buy specific tripod mounts for the camera, but it's a flawed solution. Every time I had to take a group photo, we had to find a flat surface first, then fiddle with the wrist accessory to get the right angle.
Instax Mini cameras have some of the easiest controls of any modern camera. You can give it to your kids or parents, explain the controls once, and not get bombarded with questions afterward. Thankfully, I can say the same thing about the Mini 13. You switch on the camera by turning the lens, which has clear on and off positions. Once on, the red light around the shutter button comes to life, and you rotate the lens a bit further to trigger the Close-Up mode (1 to 2 feet away).
Surrounding the shutter button is the new self-timer lever. You twist it once to start the two-second timer mode. Holding the lever for two seconds initializes the 10-second timer. The shutter LED light blinking until the shot is taken is also a nice touch. However, if you mess up the framing and want to try again, just twist the lever to cancel the timer.
Still, the most fun I had with the Mini 13 was photographing my friends and using the viewfinder to frame the shots. It's not a Single Lens Reflex (SLR) system like some of the best instant cameras, but it's competent at shooting far-away objects with photos framed bang on. If you're worried about the deviations in close-up mode, Fujifilm incorporated a Parallax correction feature, which physically adds another lens to the viewfinder for a precise look.
Sadly, that's about it for controls. Fujifilm doesn't let you adjust exposure settings, nor does the camera have various film emulations. I don't necessarily have a problem with the lack of manual controls, except the fact that you cannot turn off the flash. This does mess up the exposure sometimes, and if you'd rather not have that, the Mini 99, which currently costs $195, is a decent alternative.
As I said before, Fujifilm hasn't changed much when it comes to optics on the Mini 13. It still has a plastic lens with an f/2.3 aperture and a 60mm focal length. I found the lens to be pretty good at taking a variety of shots, including landscapes, people, and objects without issue. Shutter speeds are also automatically adjusted by the camera itself and range from 1/2s to 1/250s. Unlike the hybrid Instax Mini Evo, light gets directly projected onto the film, meaning you just have one take.
Right off the bat, if you're expecting smartphone-level sharpness, the Mini 13 is not for you. But are the images bad? Absolutely not. Photos from the Mini 13 carry the soft, almost dreamy look that's famously popular with retro enthusiasts. Blues and greens are represented very well, which makes outdoor photography really playful. That said, the Instax film's ISO 800 sensitivity is quite high, so the Mini 13 does struggle with HDR. In the photos, it sometimes overexposes, which blows out the sky.
Where I think the Mini 13 shines, though, is as a party camera. I took it to a housewarming party, and the first thing I noticed was that taking photos with the Mini 13 is super fun. You prop up the camera, start the shutter timer, and wait for the shot to be taken, hoping everyone's in frame. All this adds a lot to the experience. Indoor photos are detailed, and the flash helps light up everyone. Skin tones were perfect for the most part, and I could give people a real memory to keep for themselves. Close-up photos also carried the same details, though I did mess up the framing a few times when taking a selfie. Realistically, you can only fit two, or maybe three, people in the frame.
Another thing to note is consistency. The Mini 13's shots looked the same regardless of where I was shooting or the lighting conditions. Other budget instant cameras that I've tested produce photos that vary a lot from one scene to the next. And while that kind of unpredictability is a part of the creative process for professionals, it's not ideal for beginners who just need reliable results.
Beyond that, since sharing photos on Instagram is part of everyone's lifestyle these days, Fujifilm has its Instax UP! app. It's on both iOS and Android, and scans your physical prints to save a digital copy. You can then edit different metrics like contrast and brightness and arrange them in a collage to share with others.
While the Mini 13 doesn't cost a lot, you also need to consider film prices. In the U.S., a pack of 20 film costs $18 on Amazon, which equates to about $0.9 per photo. With the camera, Fujifilm also debuted a new pack of Pastel Galaxy film, with colorful borders, for $12 (10-pack). The company also does not bundle any film inside the box, so you'll be spending extra from the beginning. In my experience, the 20-pack lasted me the full housewarming party, but your mileage may vary.
The Mini 13, like its predecessors, runs on two AA batteries. Fujifilm says that it should be enough for 100 shots before needing a replacement. AA batteries are not my favorite solution, considering they are bad for the environment and create more waste. Fortunately, a rechargeable AA pack from a top battery brand should help solve that problem. I couldn't test the full battery life of the Mini 13, since I didn't take anywhere close to the hundred photos and wasting so much film would be expensive. Fortunately, the light will start to blink faster when your battery is near the end.
Similar to the Mini 12, the Fujifilm Instax Mini 13 is among the best entry-level instant cameras you can buy for $93.95. It plays things safe and builds on many of the things people already love. Things like the beautiful, fun design and the variety of cute colors to choose from. The handling is great whether shooting portrait or landscape shots. And the controls manage to keep things surprisingly simple, even with the new self-timer, which unlocked a new dimension of using the Mini 13.
Photos have that look we've all come to love and, most importantly, stay consistent wherever you shoot, albeit with some exposure issues outdoors. For those coming from a smartphone, you will be taking fewer photos here, but those shots will have meaning. The thought process that goes behind framing and setting up the shutter makes everything more memorable.
Competition from the likes of the Polaroid Go 3 does exist, but its films cost a lot more. Is the Mini 13 perfect? Nope. There are still a few things I'd like Fujifilm to work on, especially the tripod support. But to answer the question from the beginning: Yes, the Mini 13 is worth your money, especially if you want to give instant photography a try.
Found this useful? Join our free weekly newsletter for smart tech buys and products to avoid."
26,2026-08-03,"By 


      Will Stone
    


                The popular and experimental drugs called peptides received unprecedented attention last month during a marathon hearing held by a panel that advises the Food and Drug Administration.
                
                    
                    Catherine Falls Commercial/Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

The peptide saga has reached what could be its most confusing chapter — at least for consumers.
The popular — and experimental — drugs received unprecedented attention in late July during a marathon hearing held by a panel that advises the Food and Drug Administration.
The panel considered whether to back the production of seven different peptide therapies — and voted in favor of all but one — despite concerns raised by the agency's own scientists.
These peptides include some of the most sought-after injectables, BPC-157, TB-500 and MOTS-c.
But that recommendation alone doesn't change the status of these substances. It's still illegal for pharmacies in the U.S. to make these compounds.
The FDA staff and leadership now need to review the data and decide whether compounding pharmacies in the U.S. should be allowed to make any of the seven peptides the panel considered.
It's a regulatory nuance that Dr. Jessica Duncan, who spoke in favor of peptides at the FDA meeting, now finds herself explaining to patients who've seen the headlines and want to know when these therapies will be available.
""They are now even more curious,"" says Duncan, chief medical officer for the telehealth company IVIM Health. ""We tell them that the timeline is uncertain.""
There's no guarantee, but it seems likely the FDA will move forward. The agency usually follows its advisory committees' recommendations.
Plus, there's high demand for these products — and Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr., whose agency oversees the FDA, has called to make them available.
Normally, the agency would move forward through its formal rulemaking process, which could take anywhere from several months to possibly over a year, says Jesse Dresser, a partner at the law firm Frier Levitt who represents compounding pharmacies and others in the industry.
""It would actually surprise me if this followed the traditional pathway of formal rulemaking,"" Dresser told NPR. ""Whatever options exist to make this a faster process, I think they are going to be leveraged.""
One likely scenario: The agency could green-light these peptides in the interim by placing them on what's known as the ""Category One list.""
That would give compounding pharmacies cover to begin making these products sooner, while the longer rulemaking process plays out.
""I do think that there is significant pressure here, but the FDA needs to follow the data,"" says Ilisa Bernstein, a former FDA official and pharmacist who's an expert on drug and pharmacy policy.
Want the latest stories on the science of healthy living? Subscribe to NPR's Health newsletter.
Another route — one that would almost certainly result in a legal challenge — is that Kennedy could cite the dangers posed by the unregulated peptide market as a rationale to immediately place these on a list that OKs their compounding, says Dresser.
That authority is normally used to remove unsafe products from the market, not fast-track them. But ""this is a unique scenario, unique product, unique industry and unique administration,"" he says.
The agency could also buck the recommendations of the panel and decide not to change the status of these peptides. That would likely result in lawsuits from the industry, says Abha Kundi, an attorney at ArentFox Schiff who focuses on FDA regulatory law.
Though she adds that the agency is clearly ""very attuned"" to dealing with the real world landscape and the current availability of these products.
""In many ways, the toothpaste is out of the tube here. I think that is absolutely part of the calculus.""
Demand for them has leapfrogged well ahead of the evidence.
They are promoted widely in the wellness and longevity space and often taken together by injection as ""stacks,"" for injury recovery, muscle growth and fat loss, improving athletic performance, enhancing metabolism and more.
Unlike many of the GLP-1 weight-loss drugs — which are also synthetic peptides — none of the seven peptides under consideration has undergone the kind of large-scale, rigorous trials in humans that are necessary for drug approval.
But the gray market exploded several years ago, after the FDA placed many of them on a list that prohibited compounding pharmacies from making them due to safety concerns.
That dynamic has led to a dangerous situation. People are now obtaining these peptides from unvetted sources under the guise that they're only being used for ""research purposes"" — not for human consumption.
""The gray market space is a lot seedier than what people think,"" says Dr. Haleem Mohammed, chief medical officer for Gameday Men's Health, which operates health clinics that offer hormone optimization and peptides. ""That's nowhere I want my patients getting their medications from.""
Mohammed was one of the FDA panelists who voted in favor of these peptides. Like others in the industry, he argues that the agency's presentation during the meeting did not showcase the full breadth of evidence.
""This is not a rubber stamp,"" he told NPR. ""This is about moving towards a regulated pathway for peptides that patients are already using.""
The FDA's scientists raised numerous concerns about the lack of published human data for all seven of the peptides and recommended against allowing for their production.
Even defining each substance proved difficult because the common name for a peptide can cover many compounds with quite different chemical compositions in the scientific literature, they said.
Legitimizing these peptides for compounding doesn't require nearly the same degree of evidence as FDA drug approval, but the agency still has a ""responsibility to ensure that there's some level of safety before they become widely available,"" explains Bernstein.
""Once the door is open, any pharmacy can compound these products,"" she says. ""So it could have a huge presence in the marketplace.""
These drugs will require a prescription, but you probably won't be able to pick them up from your local CVS or Walgreens anytime soon.
Instead, they'll be available from compounding pharmacies, which prepare the drugs to order rather than manufacturing them the way a pharmaceutical factory would.
And it's unlikely patients will be able to get any of these drugs immediately.
Pharmacies will need time to acquire the active ingredients so they can begin making them, says Scott Brunner, who leads the industry trade group, the Alliance for Pharmacy Compounding.
""It's going to create some chaos,"" he says. ""It might take two months, it might take nine months, it depends on the substance.""
It won't be difficult to find someone willing to prescribe them.
Major direct-to-consumer telehealth companies, med spas and high-end longevity medical practices alike are already marketing peptides and their potential.
But it's likely that many doctors practicing in traditional medical settings will be more wary of prescribing them.
Various professional organizations offer training and certifications on peptide medicine; however, there are no widely accepted, evidence-based guidelines from major medical associations on how to use them.
""I think the commercial enthusiasm is outpacing clinical science here,"" says Dr. Harmeet Narula, an endocrinologist at Banner Health in Arizona who regularly gets questions from his patients about peptides.
""It's important for folks to know that what happened does not mean these drugs are FDA approved.""
An earlier version of this story misspelled Abha Kundi's law firm as Aaron Fox Schiff. It is ArentFox Schiff.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
27,2026-08-03,"Snapchat, the vanishing chat app that first began as ""Picaboo,"" was both founded and launched in 2011. By October 2012, the app reportedly saw traffic to the tune of 20 million shared images a day — and that was on iOS devices exclusively, given Snapchat's Android app hadn't launched until October 29, 2012. The company was founded by Evan Spiegel, Bobby Murphy, and Reggie Brown. Now, however, Snapchat itself is technically owned by another company.
In the same way that Alphabet owns Google — which itself owns many major brands — Snapchat is owned by a parent company called Snap Inc. The company's name was originally Snapchat Inc., but it was renamed once it began branching into other areas, like wearables. As of this writing, nothing in Snap Inc.'s wearable product line has warranted a spot in our list of the coolest wearables you can buy, but Snap Inc. does own and operate the well-known Snapchat and Bitmoji brands, as well as Spectacles and Looksery. 
Spiegel is the company's CEO, while Murphy is its CTO. However, Brown was ousted from the company early on; following a lawsuit, he was ultimately paid a settlement of $158 million before he stopped making public appearances entirely. Snap Inc. (SNAP) is publicly traded, but its founders still have overwhelming voting control over the company. In a 2026 SEC report, Spiegel and Murphy are described as having ""99% of the voting power,"" given the size of their holdings. Even if they were fired from their respective roles, they would still be able to ""exercise the same significant voting power"" on matters relating to the business.
Because Snap Inc. is publicly traded, we can see a top-level view of the various companies — mostly asset management and investment firms — that have invested in Snap Inc. Currently, FMR, LLC holds the most shares (88.74 million of them, to be exact), which are valued at $401,113,865. Other companies include Vanguard, whose Capital Management and Portfolio Management divisions own 47.69 million and 46.65 million shares, respectively. Other notable firms that hold substantial SNAP stock include JP Morgan (26.5 million shares) and BlackRock Inc. (47.26 million shares), the latter of which is a company that owns large chunks of many other major tech brands.
That said, the CEO and CTO of Snap Inc. both hold significant voting power by owning several classes of SNAP stock. For reference, Class A SNAP stocks are ""non-voting"" stocks, while Class B and Class C common stock holders can vote on matters relating to the business. However, one Class B stock is worth one vote, while a single Class C stock is worth 10 votes. Spiegel holds 53.1% of all voting power at Snap, Inc.; he owns 2.1% of all Class A stocks, 26% of all Class B stocks, and 53.4% of all Class C stocks. In a similarly large slice of ownership, Murphy owns 46% of the company and holds 4.2%, 26%, and 46.6% of the company's entire Class A, B, and C stocks, respectively.
The company has also largely stood its ground against purchase offers. In 2017, it was reported that Google had waved around $30 billion to snatch up Snap Inc., and four years prior to that in 2013, Meta (then Facebook) tried to buy it for $3 billion. Mark Zuckerberg, in retaliation against the rebuffed sale, replicated several features from Snapchat — including face filters, vanishing messages, and stories — to integrate them with Instagram. Regardless, Snap Inc. is currently focused on beating Apple to the punch in the realm of high-priced AR glasses."
28,2026-08-03,Ghana's parliament passed a bill that could send cocoa farmers to prison for up to 20 years if they convert their farms to other uses without government appr...
29,2026-08-03,"
			        August 3, 2026 6:55am by
			        Barry Ritholtz 
My back-to-work morning train WFH reads:
• Too darn f*****g hot: Hybrid Economics on the economics of extreme heat — the productivity losses, infrastructure strain, and adaptation costs that are becoming a permanent line item in the global economy. Unusually hot weather is bad for you, your temper, your economy and your business. Climate change means you’re going to get lots more of it. (Half Macro Half Climate)
• Warsh: “We’re Sticking With It” … Until January: Stay-At-Home Macro decodes the Fed chair’s latest — the commitment language has an expiration date, and the January pivot is already being priced. (Stay-At-Home Macro) see also Bond markets flinch at Fed’s non-guidance: Semafor on the market reaction — the refusal to guide is itself a signal, and the bond market doesn’t like what it’s hearing. (Semafor) see also Trying to make sense of Warsh: Abdicating responsibility or fortifying the markets with anti-fragility serum? (Financial Times free)
• When and How Asset Location Matters: New Vanguard research finds that strategically placing assets across account types can add up to about 0.3% annually in after-tax returns — meaningful, though still secondary to allocation itself. (Vanguard)
• Almost nobody wants this SEC change: Individual investors overwhelmingly oppose the Securities and Exchange Commission’s proposal to ease the requirement that companies release quarterly financial reports.. (Axios)
• Here Comes the Next Wave of GLP-1s. They’ll Treat a Lot More Than Obesity. This blockbuster class of drugs is shattering all sales records. Which stock will do better—Eli Lilly or Novo Nordisk? (Barron’s)
• Could the Most Radical Plane Design Since the Concorde Take On Boeing? JetZero’s blended-wing aircraft just got a major boost from Washington: a $3 billion preliminary deal to help start production. The blended-wing body is finally getting a serious commercial shot. The Wall Street Journal on the startup betting it can break the Boeing-Airbus duopoly with physics. Since the Concorde Take On Boeing? (Wall Street Journal)
• Character Study: The burgeoning field of fiction character biographies. The Los Angeles Review of Books on the strange genre of fictional character biographies — the books that treat Shakespeare’s creations, Hannibal Lecter, and Juliet as subjects with lives beyond their texts. Lee Konstantinou on the burgeoning field of fiction character biographies — full-dress lives written for Juliet, Hannibal Lecter, and Bigger Thomas. (Los Angeles Review of Books).
• A Small Band of Socialists Is Sowing Panic in the Democratic Party: Once a fringe wing, the movement is wielding surprising political power, capitalizing on popular discontent. Mainstream Democrats see a ‘fundamental threat.’ The Wall Street Journal on the DSA wing’s midterm leverage — Mamdani’s coalition is small, but it’s terrifying the party establishment out of proportion to its size. (Wall Street Journal)
• Donald Trump Holds The White House Press Corps Hostage: As an AI Thomas Jefferson delivered a lecture on the freedom of the press, Trump warned journalists “When I’m gone, you’re all gonna be broke.” Vanity Fair on the Correspondents’ Dinner aftermath — the press corps’ impossible position between access journalism and complicity. (Vanity Fair)
• Breakfast is Included: On the hotel breakfast buffet: This is why the breakfast room is the most honest place in any hotel.  (Scott Monaco)
Video of the day: The Key CEO Traits Investors Are Missing | Kara Swisher
Be sure to check out our Masters in Business interview this weekend with Som Seif, founder/CEO of Purpose Unlimited, a Toronto-based asset manager launched in 2012. He grew his first firm, Claymore Investments to $8B in assets by creating 34  ETFs in Canada over 6 years, including the creation of the first bitcoin ETF, establishing it as Canada’s leader in low-cost exchange-traded funds. Claymore was sold to BlackRock in 2012. He co-founded Wealthsimple that year, which became the default investing app for a generation of Canadians. His current wealth management firm, Purpose, was founded at the end of 2012, and manages $31 billion in ETFs, mutual funds, alternatives, private assets, and digital assets. Som was named to Canada’s Top 40 Under 40 in 2011.
 
The Dollar’s Hidden Dependence on the AI Trade

Source: Apollo
 
Sign up for our reads-only mailing list here.
 
This content, which contains security-related opinions and/or information, is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon in any manner as professional advice, or an endorsement of any practices, products or services. There can be no guarantees or assurances that the views expressed here will be applicable for any particular facts or circumstances, and should not be relied upon in any manner. You should consult your own advisers as to legal, business, tax, and other related matters concerning any investment.  The commentary in this “post” (including any related blog, podcasts, videos, and social media)  reflects the personal opinions, viewpoints, and analyses of the Ritholtz Wealth Management employees providing such comments, and should not be regarded the views of Ritholtz Wealth Management LLC. or its respective affiliates or as a description of advisory services provided by Ritholtz Wealth Management or performance returns of any Ritholtz Wealth Management Investments client.   References to any securities or digital assets, or performance data, are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute an investment recommendation or offer to provide investment advisory services. Charts and graphs provided within are for informational purposes solely and should not be relied upon when making any investment decision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The content speaks only as of the date indicated. Any projections, estimates, forecasts, targets, prospects, and/or opinions expressed in these materials are subject to change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by others.   The Compound Media, Inc., an affiliate of Ritholtz Wealth Management, receives payment from various entities for advertisements in affiliated podcasts, blogs and emails. Inclusion of such advertisements does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by the Content Creator or by Ritholtz Wealth Management or any of its employees. Investments in securities involve the risk of loss. For additional advertisement disclaimers see here: https://www.ritholtzwealth.com/advertising-disclaimers  Please see disclosures here: https://ritholtzwealth.com/blog-disclosures/
Previous Post
Next Post

Read More 
Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry daily.




How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy
Learn More...



    © 2026    The Big Picture  
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks.




Subscribe
"
30,2026-08-03,"When you purchase through links in our articles, we may earn a small commission. This doesn't affect our editorial independence.

News has been going around that Linux has finally crossed the 10 percent market share milestone among desktop PCs in North America, rocketing up from last year’s 5 percent milestone hit. If you look only at USA figures, Linux’s July 2026 market share hit an even more impressive 11.87 percent, which its worldwide market share sits at 7.51 percent.
What’s going on? As it turns out, these figures—provided by Statcounter—don’t quite reflect reality as it is.
Time and again, Statcounter astonishes the world with its data on operating system market shares. For instance, a very old version of macOS (Mac OS X, which was only in use until 2016) supposedly gained significant ground recently while the current version of macOS stayed small with a lesser market share. When strange occurrences like this happen, digging into the data can explain the unlikeliness.
In this case, it appears as if Linux is spreading like wildfire among desktop PCs, a development that’s being celebrated within the Linux community. But Windows Latest took a closer look at the supposed figures and reached a different conclusion: AI bots.
According to Statcounter’s FAQ page, here’s how it operates:
“We calculate our Global Stats on the basis of more than 3 billion page views per month, by people from all over the world onto our 1 million+ member sites. […] We track the activity of third party visitors to our member websites. We do not calculate our stats based on the activity of our members alone.”
In other words, Statcounter counts page views, not individual users or actual devices. Then, per Windows Latest:
If Linux-based agents or bots suddenly visited sites that use Statcounter’s tracking code, Linux’s number could rise, and Windows would lose market share because the numbers are measured on a 100% scale. However, it does not mean people have replaced Windows on their PCs.
Is it possible for a desktop OS that has struggled to cross the 5 percent mark for years to suddenly spike up to 10 percent and beyond? Sure. But is it plausible? Not really. A doubling in market share within one or two months is simply farfetched, especially when a simpler and more plausible explanation exists: Statcounter’s tracking is being duped by web and AI bots masquerading as Linux traffic.
A comparison with data from Cloudflare Radar apparently confirms this. While Cloudflare Radar also shows a spike in Linux usage, that spike all but disappears when you filter for human-only traffic. As such, Linux’s growth over the past few months is likely much smaller than the numbers suggest.
This article originally appeared on our sister publication PC-WELT and was translated and localized from German.
Hans-Christian Dirscherl began his IT life with Autoexec.bat and config.sys, Turbo-Pascal and C, Sinix and Wordperfect. He has been writing on almost all IT topics for around 25 years, covering everything from news to reviews and buying guides."
31,2026-08-03,Palantir stock jumped ahead of its quarterly results on Monday.
32,2026-08-03,"Investing

							Goldman Sachs added AON to its August Conviction List, projecting a 21% gain to $430, alongside two other financials offering up to 28% upside.													

							Capital One (COF) offers 28% projected upside, while Bank of America (BAC) pays a 1.81% dividend and remains a key Berkshire Hathaway holding.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Bank of America didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Andrey_Popov / Shutterstock.com
Goldman Sachs is the acknowledged leader in the investment landscape on Wall Street and worldwide. The firm’s top-notch research department continues to provide institutional and high-net-worth clients with the best ideas across the investment spectrum and is likely to do so for years to come. Founded in 1869, Goldman Sachs is the world’s second-largest investment bank by revenue and is ranked 36th on the Fortune 500 list of the largest U.S. corporations by total revenue.
The Wall Street white-glove giant offers financing, advisory services, risk distribution, and hedging for the firm’s institutional and corporate clients. In addition, it provides advice, investing, and execution for institutions and individuals across public and private markets. At 24/7 Wall St., we have followed the company’s research for 15 years to bring our readers top stock ideas. One of our favorite avenues is the firm’s Conviction List of top picks, which is reviewed and updated monthly. The August addition may be a perfectly timed idea, given that interest rates are heading higher. Plus, Goldman Sachs has two additional financial services names on the Conviction List that look like outstanding ideas for the rest of the year and beyond.
Chris Hondros / Getty Images
Goldman Sachs Research is widely regarded as among the best in the industry for its exceptional breadth and depth, covering over 3,000 securities, more than 45 economies, and every major market, with cutting-edge, data-driven insights. The firm’s team produces thousands of proprietary forecasts, models, and unique indicators that help clients anticipate market shifts. At the same time, its original thought leadership on macroeconomics, industries, and global trends draws from a global network of top-tier analysts and economists. This combination of rigorous fundamental analysis, innovative proprietary tools, and a long-standing reputation for high-quality output—often recognized in industry awards and surveys—consistently positions Goldman Sachs as a trusted resource for institutional investors and sophisticated market participants.
This is the newest addition to the Goldman Sachs Conviction List for August, and it pays a 0.83% dividend. AON (NYSE:AON | AON Price Prediction) is an Ireland-based professional services company providing a range of risk capital and human capital solutions. Goldman Sachs analyst Rob Cox has this to say about the stock.
AON is poised to deliver stronger-than-consensus 2026 organic growth and free cash flow (9% above Visible Alpha consensus for 2026 and 2027), supported by talent investments (more brokers), NFP acquisition synergies (acquired in 2024), and an eventual capital markets recovery, combined with an attractive valuation.
The company operates through two segments. The Risk Capital segment supports clients through its commercial risk and reinsurance solution lines. Its commercial risk includes insurance and specialty brokerage, global risk consulting, captives management, and affinity programs. Its reinsurance includes treaty reinsurance, facultative reinsurance, strategy and technology group, and capital markets.
The Human Capital segment supports clients through its health and wealth solution lines. Health includes consulting and brokerage, consumer benefits solutions, and talent advisory services. Wealth includes retirement consulting, pension administration, and investment consulting. Its commercial risk solutions include insurance and specialty brokerage, global risk consulting, captives management, and others.
The Goldman Sachs target price is $430, representing a 21% gain for the shares.
This quality financial giant remains an exceptional long-term holding with a solid 1.81% dividend yield. Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) is a bank holding company that reported impressive Q2 results. Berkshire Hathaway owns 513,624,165 shares, which is 7.9% of the portfolio and 7.2% of the float. Berkshire did lower its Bank of America position in Q1 2026, but only modestly. According to the Q1 2026 13F filing, it was reduced by just 0.71%, a tiny cut compared to other positions.
Its segments include:
Goldman Sachs has a Buy rating, and its $56 target price would be an 18% gain.
The well-known banking giant has significant upside potential to the Goldman Sachs target and pays a 1.43% dividend. Capital One Financial (NYSE: COF) is a diversified financial services holding company with banking and non-banking subsidiaries. The company offers a broad spectrum of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses, and commercial clients through various channels. It operates through three segments.
The Credit Card segment comprises domestic consumer and small business card lending, as well as international card businesses in the United Kingdom and Canada.
The Consumer Banking segment includes deposit gathering and lending activities for consumers and small businesses, as well as national auto lending.
The Commercial Banking segment provides treasury management services to commercial real estate and commercial and industrial customers. Its principal operating subsidiary is Capital One, National Association, which offers banking products and financial services.
The Goldman Sachs target price is $276, representing a 28% increase from current levels.
 
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Lee Jackson has covered Wall Street analysts' equity and debt research and equity strategy daily for 24/7 Wall St. since 2012. His broad and diverse career, which included a stint as the creative services director at the NBC affiliate in Austin, Texas, gives him unique insight into the financial industry and world.
Lee Jackson's journey in the financial industry spans over 30 years, with nearly two decades as an institutional equity salesperson at Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, and Morgan Stanley. His career was marked by his presence on the sell side during pivotal Wall Street events, from the dot.com rise and bubble to the Long Term Capital Management debacle, 9/11, and the Great Recession of 2008. This is a testament to his resilience and adaptability in the face of market volatility.
Lee Jackson’s practical financial industry experience, acquired from a career at some of the biggest banks and brokerage firms, is complemented by a lifetime of writing on various platforms. This unique combination allows him to shed light on the intricacies and workings of Wall Street in a way that only someone with deep insider experience and knowledge can. Moreover, his extensive network across Wall Street continues to provide direct access for him and 24/7 Wall St., a privilege few firms enjoy. 
Since 2012, Jackson’s work for 24/7 Wall St. has been featured in Barron’s, Yahoo Finance, MarketWatch, Business Insider, TradingView, Real Money, The Street, Seeking Alpha, Benzinga, and other media outlets. He attended the prestigious Cranbrook Schools in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, and has a degree in broadcasting from the Specs Howard School of Media Arts.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
BofA analysts see upside potential for top blue-chip financial giants. These four highest-yielding picks offer reliable passive income.
Q2 earnings season kicked off with the big banks swinging for the fences, and Jefferies sees four dividend-paying giants still…
Goldman Sachs just added three stocks to its closely watched Conviction List, and at least two of them carry the…
These four high-yielding financial stock picks are outstanding ideas now for investors seeking to diversify their income streams or achieve…
Large Cap financials underperformed for much of the last two years The biggest banks also have strong brokerage units Investors…
A Goldman Sachs research report finds that the biggest players in the banking industry are in much better shape than…
Jim Cramer is optimistic about top money-center bank stocks. These four look like outstanding ideas before their earnings releases.
Many regional banks are well run and do not have the issues that the recently failed banks had. These six…
Founded in 1869, Goldman Sachs is the world’s second-largest investment bank by revenue and is ranked 55th on the Fortune…"
33,2026-08-03,"At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life."
34,2026-08-03,"At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life."
35,2026-08-03,"At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life."
36,2026-08-03,"At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life."
37,2026-08-03,"At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life."
38,2026-08-03,"BEIJING, Aug 3 (Reuters) - China's Communist Party appeared to kick off its annual closed-door retreat in the seaside resort of Beidaihe, an informal gatheri..."
39,2026-08-03,"Today, I’m talking with Toni Schneider, who is the brand new CEO of the social platform Bluesky — he formally took over after a short stint as interim CEO. This is one of my favorite kinds of interviews to do on Decoder, because a couple years ago, we had Blu…"
40,2026-08-03,"
					By Dade Hayes 
Business Editor

	In an alternate timeline, Paramount would be reporting quarterly earnings this week as Warner Bros. Discovery, one of its subsidiaries, would no longer be releasing its own separate financials.

	As it stands now, however, both companies are due to report – Paramount on Tuesday afternoon and WBD before the market opens Thursday. An antitrust challenge of the companies’ planned $110 billion merger by the attorneys general of 12 states along with the Writers Guild of America has put the deal on hold, with a judge soon to set a trial date.

	On their second-quarter earnings conference calls with Wall Street analysts, both companies are likely to pre-empt any merger-related questions, as they did in May when reporting first-quarter results. They also may choose to reiterate their prior statements about the transaction being pro-competitive, or possibly even nod to the unfolding legal process.

	










	Even if Wall Street manages to put the merger to one side, the spotlight on the two separate businesses may not be especially flattering for either of them this quarter. The companies’ stock prices reflect the deal’s slowdown in momentum. After a huge runup during the months when it was pursued by Paramount, Comcast and Netflix, WBD stock has slipped 7% from the time of the Paramount deal in late-February. Paramount shares, meanwhile, have plunged 40% (to near $8) in that period as the once-breezy regulatory process has become a grind.




			Watch on Deadline		






	Analysts expect Paramount’s revenue to come in flat at around $6.9 billion, according to consensus estimates, with earnings per share dropping to 17 cents from 46 cents a year ago. WBD is projected to post revenue of $9.2 billion, down from $9.8 billion in the NBA-free April-to-June quarter, with a loss of 10 cents a share reversing year-earlier earnings of 63 cents a share.

	On the bright side for both companies, Paramount+ and HBO Max are both showing growth, but the question for both will be about their remaining upside. Paramount+ added 700,000 new subscribers, slightly below internal forecasts despite the launch of UFC programming, to reach 79.6 million. HBO Max, aided in large part by a rollout to key international markets, topped 140 million subscribers in the first quarter and will end 2026 at 150 million or higher, the company projects.

	










	More of a concern for both companies is ongoing declines in their linear TV operations, though the combined company would rely on it to pay down debt after the merger. (Alleged over-concentration of cable networks, interestingly, has surfaced as one of the core arguments made in the AGs’ lawsuit.)

	Hollywood appears to be divided between those adamant that the merger will destroy a legacy studio and harm workers and others (including inside the companies) fearing a potentially worse fate if the deal is blocked. WBD initially had recourse in its prior plan to split into two companies as Comcast is in the midst of doing for a second time. In theory, that split could unlock greater value through more focused M&A deals centered on networks and Warner Bros/HBO, but it also is a process that takes time. For Comcast, its Versant split took about a year to complete, which is the timeline it has given for the NBCUniversal spin-off from the company’s cable and broadband holdings.

	Whatever storm clouds may be gathering overhead, expect mostly blue skies in the remarks of executives. Paramount CEO David Ellison, speaking on the company’s first-quarter call last May, sounded optimistic notes that the company has often reiterated throughout the saga. 

	“We remain guided by our strong conviction that the combination of these two iconic companies and their extraordinary teams will create a leading global media and entertainment company powered by storytelling and accelerated by technology that strengthens competition, better serves the creative community and delivers even more compelling stories to audiences worldwide,” he said.

	In an uncanny bit of timing, this week (Friday, to be exact) is also the one-year anniversary of Paramount’s merger with Skydance. Just weeks after that long-sought deal was consummated and executives held court at bicoastal press conferences to talk about synergies and future plans, reports emerged that Ellison had his eyes on a much bigger prize. 
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong.
Comment 
Name 
Email 
Website 
 



Δ
The town is exhausted by this. Just make a decision and let’s move on. Jobs will be lost either way.
Who’s going to ask Zaz about Supergirl???
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
41,2026-08-03,"in Music |   	August 3rd, 2026  Leave a Comment


 


It’s com­mon to feel like we know our artists, writ­ers, musi­cians, actors… we want so bad­ly to touch their lives in some way, as their lives touch ours. This over­whelm­ing desire is respon­si­ble for a huge mar­ket share of our mass media, from the most taste­less tabloid hit jobs to the most respect­ful long­form essays. Since David Bowie’s pass­ing, we’ve seen no short­age of the lat­ter, and thank­ful­ly lit­tle of the for­mer.
Vul­ture has col­lect­ed some of the best of these online trib­ute arti­cles and obit­u­ar­ies, and one in particular—Judy Berman’s “We Always Knew Who David Bowie Real­ly Was”—has res­onat­ed with me. Berman cuts through “all the clichés about how he was a chameleon or a shape-shifter or opaque or unknow­able” and shows some of the ways Bowie made him­self inti­mate­ly avail­able in his work.
 


Bowie’s self-rev­e­la­tion by way of the­atrics and cos­tume changes resem­bles the less intel­lec­tu­al, more emo­tion­al, vul­ner­a­bil­i­ty of his friend and col­lab­o­ra­tor Fred­die Mer­cury. Just as musi­cians around the world cel­e­brate, and mourn, Bowie now, he per­formed a sim­i­lar ser­vice for Mer­cury 34 years ago at Lon­don’s Wem­b­ley Sta­di­um for an audi­ence of 72,000 peo­ple, along with the remain­ing mem­bers of Queen and a full ros­ter of super­stars. Bowie did four songs in total, but the most poignant was cer­tain­ly “Under Pres­sure,” which he’d com­posed with Mer­cury 11 years ear­li­er. The song became, of course, a mas­sive hit (twice over, thanks to Vanil­la Ice’s appro­pri­a­tion). Its wrench­ing lyrics also gave us yet more insight into Bowie’s per­son­al­i­ty: his fears, his sense, as Berman writes, “of how fleet­ing and insignif­i­cant one human life is in the grand scheme of the uni­verse,” and his defi­ance in the face of that knowl­edge.
 


In the video at the top of the post, you can see Bowie, Annie Lennox, John Dea­con, Roger Tay­lor, and Bri­an May rehears­ing “Under Pres­sure” for the Mer­cury trib­ute, with an audi­ence of just them­selves and a few crew peo­ple. Bowie has one of his regret­tably ubiq­ui­tous cig­a­rettes in hand and an enor­mous grin on his face as he watch­es Lennox belt out Mer­cury’s parts. The per­for­mance on show day, above, is pow­er­ful and pitch per­fect, but the loose, infor­mal rehearsal footage is more of a treat for those of us eager for as much of the unguard­ed Bowie as we can get. For even more stripped-down, behind-the-scenes Bowie, lis­ten to an a cap­pel­la ver­sion of “Under Pres­sure” with Mer­cury, and learn all about how that song came to be.
Note: An ear­li­er ver­sion of this post appeared on our site in 2016.
Relat­ed Con­tent:
Lis­ten to Fred­die Mer­cury and David Bowie on the Iso­lat­ed Vocal Track for the Queen Hit ‘Under Pres­sure,’ 1981
The Mak­ing of Queen and David Bowie’s 1981 Hit “Under Pres­sure”: Demos, Stu­dio Ses­sions & More
David Bowie and Cher Sing Duet of “Young Amer­i­cans” and Oth­er Songs on 1975 Vari­ety Show
Josh Jones is a writer and musi­cian based in Durham, NC. 
 by OC  | Permalink | Comments (0) | 
We’re hop­ing to rely on our loy­al read­ers rather than errat­ic ads. To sup­port Open Cul­ture’s edu­ca­tion­al mis­sion, please con­sid­er mak­ing a dona­tion. We accept Pay­Pal, Ven­mo (@openculture), Patre­on and Cryp­to! Please find all options here. We thank you!  


Be the first to comment.
Name (required)


Email (required)


Message







Click here to cancel reply.



Open Culture scours the web for the best educational media. We find the free courses and audio books you need, the language lessons & educational videos you want, and plenty of enlightenment in between.
©2006-2026 Open Culture, LLC. All rights reserved."
42,2026-08-03,"Gordon Ramsay's meals always look delicious, but I'm never quite sure how easy it will be to replicate his Michelin-starred cuisine in a home kitchen.
That's why his 10-minute pasta recipe caught my eye. A fancy pasta loaded with pancetta and veggies that comes together in under 30 minutes? Yes, please.
I've been on the hunt for a new, easy, celebrity-chef-backed weeknight meal, so I put the recipe to the test. Here's how it went.
This recipe shares a few ingredients with classic pasta carbonara, but the result is something altogether different.
The base of the sauce is made by rendering out the fat from pancetta lardons (you could also use thick-cut bacon) and adding garlic, a chile pepper, frozen peas, and a mixture of fresh herbs.
The sauce is rounded out with vegetable broth, butter, plenty of lemon juice and zest, and starchy pasta water. Finally, the recipe calls for crushed red pepper flakes and Pecorino Romano (or grated Parmesan) as toppings.
Although pancetta and Pecorino Romano are both carbonara mainstays, the peas, lemon, herbs, and spicy pepper land this dish in a category of its own.
This recipe took a bit more prep work than I anticipated.
Some of the steps were simple (I used frozen peas, after all), but it did take some time to slice the pancetta, zest and juice the lemon, grate the cheese, chop all of the herbs and pepper, and measure my broth and butter.
To cut back on prep time in the future, I'd go with pre-grated cheese and pre-chopped pancetta lardons.
After prepping all my ingredients, I added a pound of spaghetti to a large pot of salted boiling water, then started cooking the pancetta in a large skillet. (Make sure you use one that'll be big enough to hold all the pasta at the end.)
The key to getting the meat crispy — and rendering out as much fat as possible, which will contribute to the sauce's richness — is not to blast the heat.
Ramsay recommends medium heat, and though it was tempting to nudge my stove toward medium-high or even high, I knew that a slower, lower-heat cooking process would yield better results.
Thankfully, because the pancetta was sliced into lardons (a fancy term for bite-sized pieces), it only took me about four minutes to render out the fat.
After that, things started moving quickly. I sautéed the garlic and pepper in the pancetta fat for about a minute until I could smell the spice and allium cooking. Then, I melted a knob of butter and tossed in the peas and chopped herbs.
These green ingredients cooked very quickly (even though the peas were still frozen), so I didn't want to leave them in the hot skillet for too long before adding the vegetable stock and more butter to cool things down.
I felt the urge to drain the entire pot of spaghetti in a colander when the noodles reached al dente — but with this recipe, saving about a cup of pasta water was key to achieving a silky-smooth sauce. (The recipe calls for about ¼ cup of pasta water, but I chose to save a bit more.)
After draining the pasta, I squeezed lemon juice and zest into the skillet and added a splash of the water, too. Then, I poured in the cooked noodles and gave everything a big stir.
As soon as the dish was seasoned, I served the pasta with pepper flakes on top.
Overall, the dish had a wonderful flavor and texture. The lemon packed a punch, so I ended up adding more salt and a snowfall of creamy pecorino to counter that acidity.
I also found that the crushed red pepper flakes made a nice addition without overwhelming the more delicate flavors.
Admittedly, the entire process of making this dish took closer to 20 minutes — but it was still quick enough (and even Michelin-worthy, according to my inner critic) to earn a spot in my personal cookbook.
This story was originally published on August 29, 2025, and most recently updated on August 3, 2026.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
43,2026-08-03,"When Ayush Raj Jha moved from India to Illinois in 2018 to pursue a master's degree in computer science, he was optimistic about the future of software engineering.
Now, after years of layoffs and the rapid rise of AI, he's worried about the future of his industry — and his long-term future in the US.
Jha is one of hundreds of thousands of workers in the US on an H-1B visa, for whom losing a job can mean more than losing a paycheck. They generally have 60 days to find a new employer or risk losing their legal status in the US.
Major employers in tech rely heavily on H-1B workers. Federal data shows that the ""Magnificent 7"" companies, including the likes of Amazon and Apple, have had more than 200,000 H-1B applications approved since October 2020.
""It's really started impacting the lives of people who are on visas,"" Jha said. ""There's constant fear and uncertainty.""
He's among the tech workers who are looking for ways to stay competitive in an evolving industry. Some are responding by working harder and learning AI skills, while others are preparing for job searches or actively seeking more secure roles.
After earning a master's degree from the Illinois Institute of Technology in 2020, Jha joined Motorola Solutions as a software engineer, where he worked on software for public safety agencies. In 2022, he joined Oracle as a senior software engineer, where he helped build cloud infrastructure used to deploy healthcare software to hospitals. ChatGPT was released late that year.
Try a
                                  Level Up action pack.
Build a calm, realistic plan to recover from job loss and move toward your next role.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Since then, Jha said two things have reinforced his concerns about AI's impact on software engineering. The first is his experience using AI tools.
To stay competitive, Jha said he spends an estimated eight to 10 hours a week outside of work taking online courses on platforms like LinkedIn Learning and Coursera, experimenting with coding tools, and contributing to open-source projects. Seeing what the technology can do firsthand has both impressed and worried him, he said.
""If we don't adapt to these new technologies, it just becomes impossible to stay relevant or even be employable at this point,"" he said.
The second is LinkedIn. He said posts about tech layoffs have become a regular sight on his feed, serving as a constant reminder of how quickly the industry is changing.
Business Insider is speaking with workers who've found themselves at a corporate crossroads — whether due to a layoff, resignation, job search, or shifting workplace expectations.
Share your story by filling out this form.
Earlier this year, Jha started looking for a more senior, higher-paying role where he could make a bigger impact.
Layoffs at Oracle, most recently in March, had heightened his concerns about job security. While his primary focus was career advancement, he also hoped to find an employer that could offer greater stability, in part because of his visa status.
Jha said his job search was fairly challenging, which he expected given the hiring slowdown across parts of the tech sector. Eventually, he found a staff software engineer opening at a customer service software company that came with a higher title and pay than his position at Oracle.
The company's reputation for a strong engineering culture and ability to attract skilled professionals from diverse backgrounds was also a draw, Jha said. And it was privately owned, so Jha believed it might face less short-term pressure from market expectations, quarterly earnings, and shareholders — dynamics he hoped would make the role more secure than one at a public company.
Jha accepted an offer in July. Before starting with his new employer in September, Jha said he plans to take a roughly two-month career break while his H-1B transfer is finalized.
Jha believes his more than a decade of experience as a software engineer helped him land his new role, but he also believes his online coursework and open-source contributions were important.
""I always try to stay up to date with market trends and emerging technologies rather than only focusing on day-to-day company work or simply building my resume,"" he said.
Jha said his advice to tech workers, regardless of their visa status, is to always be prepared to interview for their next job.
""At this point with AI adoption, it does not matter how well you perform even at your current company — you could be replaceable,"" he said.
Do you have a story to share? Reach out to the reporter via email at jzinkula@businessinsider.com, or via Signal at jzinkula.29.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
44,2026-08-03,Jim Cramer celebrated a dramatic pivot in market sentiment surrounding Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) during Mad Money’s July 23 episode. After days of urging...
45,2026-08-03,"The Fed's newfound resistance to providing ""even a modicum"" of guidance on where policy may be heading is a growing risk to markets and the economy, Mark Zandi says. 
When the Fed Chair stepped up to the podium at last week's Federal Open Market Committee meeting, the focus was mainly on whether he would announce a change in interest rates. However, Zandi said that there's a bigger problem with the Fed's new communication style under the leadership of Kevin Warsh. 
""If the Fed continues down this increasingly opaque path, a future meeting could trigger a serious market sell-off — putting the broader economy at risk,"" Zandi wrote in a post on X on Sunday. 
Zandi, the chief economist at Moody's Analytics, has repeatedly warned of problems ahead for the US economy this year. His bearish forecasts often center on the risk of a recession due to Donald Trump's trade wars and restrictive immigration policy. 
But after the last Fed meeting, Zandi's newest cause for concern is a ""serious mistake"" that could severely compromise markets as well as the broader economy. 
""I'm not concerned about the Fed's decision to keep rates unchanged,"" Zandi said. ""My concern is that policymakers are unwilling to provide even a modicum of forward guidance — or a broad sense of their reaction function,""
The topic of how a Fed chairman communicates is important for investors and economists, and their comments are often highly scrutinized for clues about their thinking. During Alan Greenspan's tenure as leader of the central bank, his communication was often so vague that people took to scrutinizing the thickness of his briefcase on meeting days.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
But now, Warsh seems to be leaning toward even less guidance and communication with markets. That means less information for investors at a critical time when uncertainty is already high. 
For Zandi, the risk isn't just that there will be fewer market signals. Potentially more problematic is the possibility that each Fed gathering could be a ""live"" meeting, creating a new source of volatility as investors react on the day of a decision rather than pricing in the move ahead of time based on signals from officials. 
""Many (most) meetings will thus be live, and investors will be unsure of what the committee will decide,"" Zandi added. ""They will be left guessing and repeatedly wrong-footed. That means more volatility in bond and stock markets, which is likely already reflected in a larger term premium, rising long-term interest rates, and a wobbly equity market.""
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
46,2026-08-03,"


								By 

	Naman Ramachandran


	Superhero blockbuster “Spider-Man: Brand New Day” has delivered a huge opening at the South Korean box office during the weekend of Jul. 31–Aug. 2. 

	According to data from KOBIS, the tracking service operated by the Korean Film Council, the web-slinging sequel generated a colossal $16.9 million from 2,252,930 admissions over the three-day frame across 2,409 screens, capturing an overwhelming 80.63% share of total weekend revenue. Since launching wide on July 29, the tentpole has pulled in a cumulative gross of $25 million from 3,384,147 total admissions. Of this, Imax accounted for $2.4 million, making it the highest grossing Imax opening weekend of all time in the territory. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	














	
		
					Inside Netflix and Prime Video’s Fight to Reshape France’s Streaming Rules: 'It's an Unsustainable Equation'		
			














	
		
					Tyler Perry's 'Beauty in Black' Gets Surprise Season 4 Renewal After Final Season Announcement		
			








	The arrival of the superhero juggernaut ended the two-week streak of local sci-fi survival thriller “Hope,” which moved to second place. The Na Hong-Jin-directed epic starring Hwang Jung-min, Zo In-sung, Jung Ho-yeon, Michael Fassbender, and Alicia Vikander brought in $2.4 million from 335,810 admissions over the frame. The film has now accumulated a total of $31 million from 4,110,550 admissions since its July 15 launch.




			Popular on Variety		






	“Minions & Monsters” finished in third place, adding $434,409 from 65,245 ticket buyers over the weekend frame. The film has raised its total to $5 million from 713,940 admissions.

	“Moana” was in fourth place in its fourth weekend of release, collecting $252,794 from 37,122 admissions. The oceanic adventure has reached a total local gross of $7.4 million from 999,949 admissions.

	“Toy Story 5” placed fifth, adding $222,465 from 31,874 admissions. The family blockbuster has now amassed a cumulative South Korean gross of $20.9 million from 2,912,210 total admissions since its mid-June debut.

	










	Faith-based animated feature “David” took sixth place, generating $167,794 from 25,013 admissions over the frame, pushing its haul to $1.7 million from 263,378 viewers.

	Local animated sequel “Teenieping: Legend of the Whale Heartstone” landed in seventh place ahead of its official release, bringing in $177,482 from 20,986 admissions across preview screenings. Directed by Kim Soo-hoon, the musical fantasy sequel to the 2024 hit animated film follows Princess Romi and her fairy companion Heartsping as they dive into an ocean journey to rescue Queen Velita from deep-sea creatures. Including early previews, the family film has collected $215,104 from 26,494 tickets.

	Tomoaki Fujino’s “What Should We Have Done?” debuted in eighth place, pulling in $116,603 from 16,009 admissions over the weekend. The acclaimed documentary captures a 20-year personal chronicle of a family struggling with severe mental illness and social isolation. Since its Jul. 29 premiere, the release has grossed $170,552 from 24,008 viewers.

	Local psychological thriller “The Eyes,” directed by Yeom Ji-ho and starring Shin Min-ah and Kim Nam-hee, took ninth place with $55,396 from 7,364 admissions, stretching its overall local cume to $11.1 million from 1,537,378 tickets.

	Rounding out the top 10 was the Japanese anime feature “Dream Animals The Movie,” which added $30,263 from 4,719 admissions over its second frame to bring its gross to $262,973 from 41,996 ticket buyers.

	The overall market collective gross for the weekend was $20.8 million, making it the biggest weekend of the year, soaring above last week’s $8.2 million.

			A Variety and iHeartRadio Podcast		
The Business of Entertainment"
47,2026-08-03,"Strategy (MSTR) raised $104.73 million last week with the sale of 1,638 bitcoin, and raised an additional $290.6 million via the sale of common stock.
Alongside, the company repurchased 912,143 shares of its high-yielding preferred stock STRC for $81.2 million, according to an SEC filing Monday morning.
The bitcoin sales reduced Strategy’s holdings to 842,138 BTC, acquired for $63.51 billion at an average price of $75,419. The company lifted its USD reserve by $250 million, taking the total USD reserve to $4 billion. 
The company announced over the weekend that it would maintain STRC’s annual dividend rate at 12%, saying it does not intend to recommend a reduction until the shares trade consistently near their stated $100 value.
MSTR is lower by 1.9% pre-market alongside a weekend decline in the price of bitcoin to $62,500. STRC is little changed.
Binance remains crypto’s leading exchange, expanding from spot and derivatives into RWAs, payments, savings, yield, and broader financial services.
Binance remains crypto’s leading exchange, expanding from spot and derivatives into RWAs, payments, savings, yield, and broader financial services.
Why it matters:
Binance remains crypto’s leading exchange, expanding from spot and derivatives into RWAs, payments, savings, yield, and broader financial services.
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
48,2026-08-03,"OnePlus has officially closed its doors in the US, but remaining stock was available for a little while. Now, for OnePlus 15 and most other products, US stock has dried up.
In July, OnePlus announced that it would cease operations in major markets including Europe, the UK, and the US, among others. The brand said that existing devices would remain available, but no new products would be released, nor would products be restocked.
Just a couple of weeks later, that time has come.
We noticed this week that the OnePlus 15 is now fully sold out in the US from OnePlus.com, including both its “Infinite Black” and “Sand Storm” color variants, both in 12/256GB and 16/512GB configurations. Some variants were previously out of stock, but now there are no options available for purchase. 
The same goes for OnePlus 15R, OnePlus Pad Go 2, OnePlus Watch 4, and more.
As far as we can tell, the only products OnePlus is still actively selling in the US include the OnePlus Buds Pro 3 in “Lunar Radiance” and OnePlus Nord Buds 3 Pro in “Soft Jade.” Everything else is sold out. 
It marks the true end of OnePlus in the United States, though you can still find devices from other retailers. Amazon still has limited OnePlus 15 and OnePlus 15R stock, though Best Buy has run out. Stock is quickly running out, though, so you’re running out of time to buy the final OnePlus device in the US if you still want one. OnePlus Watch 3 is also still in stock at Amazon.
Follow Ben: Twitter/X, Threads, Bluesky, and Instagram
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Google on YouTube for more news:
Known for its tagline ""Never Settle,"" OnePlus ma…
Ben is a Senior Editor for 9to5Google.
Find him on Twitter @NexusBen. Send tips to schoon@9to5g.com or encrypted to benschoon@protonmail.com."
49,2026-08-03,"During the July 21 episode of CNBC’s Mad Money, host Jim Cramer addressed viewer complaints about managing technology allocations as memory and storage stock..."
50,2026-08-03,"

				Policy			

Ideally, I think it makes sense to open up the U.S. market to Chinese goods (AI, EVs, robots), but have functional and well-funded regulators that policy all labor, competition, environmental, privacy, and consumer rights abuses. But big companies don’t much like that because it would boost competition and accountability, eroding quarterly revenues.
So instead we get protectionism. Or in the case of the Trump administration, protectionism run by a bunch of corrupt, incompetent clowns who gutted most of our federal regulators, then saddled them with an elaborate new policy ask that’s impossible to implement, even if the admin were competent. 
Which it isn’t. 
If you want a good idea of what Trump protectionism looks like in practice, I recommend this Verge piece about the Trump effort to ban Chinese drones. Spoiler: it’s not going well, and it’s trivial to trick the administration and bypass the ban without doing much, resulting in U.S. consumers losing access to lower-cost popular goods (DJI was the most popular and successful drone maker by far) under the pretense this is helping Americans and rekindling U.S. domestic electronics manufacturing. 
Having unsuccessfully “blocked” Chinese drones (read: caused a bunch of annoying and pointless chaos), the Trump administration is dramatically expanding its protectionist campaign to include everything from cheap Chinese power converters (necessary for the world’s migration away from fossil fuels), to low-cost Chinese vacuum robots:
“While the government did include “humanoid robots” and “quadrupeds” among the bots it wants to ban, the ban is far broader than that. It covers almost any new software-controlled robot that travels over the ground, weighs more than 4.4 pounds (including any dock), can perceive its environment, and has wireless connectivity.
By that definition, the FCC is banning future robot lawnmowers, sidewalk delivery robots, and the robots that crate around packages at your local Amazon warehouse, too.”
Great stuff. Surely this will be competently enforced by… (checks notes)… Brendan fucking Carr. 
Like his bumbling and unpopular boss, Brendan Carr has always made a gigantic stink about China. If you recall, he was one of the biggest proponents of a “ban on TikTok,” which he claimed was necessary to protect national security and stop propaganda. The solution to that problem was to steal the company and offload it to Trump’s billionaire friends so they could spread propaganda and abuse privacy.
The stupidity, xenophobia, and corruption on display with the Trump “TikTok ban” is going to be adapted for AI, and the next six to twelve months of U.S. tech policy will be dumber and more chaotic than ever. Especially as the biggest U.S. AI companies — swimming in debt, facing a data center glut bubble, and a long way from profitability — look to the government to protect them from all manner of competition (foreign, on device, open source, whatever).
This may come as a surprise to you, but Trump incorporated doesn’t actually care about protecting U.S. consumers from Roomba privacy abuses, propaganda, or national security abuses. If they did, they wouldn’t be supporting Trumpism. If they did, they’d regulate data brokers and pass a modern internet privacy law that applied to every company and executive doing business in the U.S. 
What they care about is stuff like trying to shovel more drone business to the president’s sons, or protecting Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk from having to compete with cheaper overseas AI models. 
Being mindlessly and personally transactional, the Trump administration is also keen to erect additional troll and tribute systems if companies want to continue doing business in the U.S. The money will go to his business interests and allies, but in a bid to appeal to nationalists, it’s going to all be layered under the pretense that this is all going to magically shift robotic manufacturing back to the U.S:
“But again, the government isn’t asking these companies any questions about security — not one — to get the waiver that lets them through. The FCC only wants to know where they’re designed and made and assembled and tested and influenced, and get a specific commitment to start manufacturing them in the US instead.”
But they’re not going to be competent enough to make any of this happen, even if shifting the entirety of low-cost electronics manufacturing back to the U.S. was a thing you could actually accomplish. A key part of the problem is that, as we saw from Trump’s dream of having U.S.-made smartphones, the folks in charge of this effort have a child-like understanding of how everything works. And everybody else — like massive swaths of the business community, academia, and the press — are too feckless to stand up to the corrupt stupidity in any meaningful way. 
The Trump administration has also gone out of its way to ensure our federal regulators no longer have the resources or legal autonomy to function. Then they’re saddling them with this massive new layer of protectionism they’d be incapable of enforcing even if they wanted to. They’re not even bright enough to understand that even base protectionism is out of their reach. 
This is just racist, crony capitalism by corrupt and incompetent zealots, and it’s going to cause irreparable harm to consumer prices, product quality, product availability, hobbies, science, the shift to renewables, and everything else over the next two to three years. All propped up by a lazy press, self-serving domestic monopolists, and a whole lot of bullshit about privacy and national security by the kind of people who are a direct and obvious threat to both. 



	Filed Under: ai, china, competition, crony capitalism, drones, incompetent, protectionism, robots, vacuums





	Filed Under: ai, china, competition, crony capitalism, drones, incompetent, protectionism, robots, vacuums


As The Verge said, Roomba, one of the most known American models of vacuum cleaner robots is own by iRobot, that filed bankruptcy last year and is now owned by the Chinese company Picea Robotics (since Amazon deal has failed), but is still headquartered in Massachusetts (since it was founded by 3 guys from the MIT) but robots have always been manufactured by Picea Robotics in China.
So, are Roomba vacuum cleaners nowadays Great American revolution, or Chinese propaganda parasites? And is there any vacuum cleaner robot out there that is not entirely built in China? Please, Brendan, tell me.
Brazil had a bunch of protectionist measures in place for many, many years before the military government was replaced by a democratic one in 1988. All with this same rhetoric to support them. We are one of the leading industrial and technological forces in the world nowadays, obviously.
(No we are not, we are mainly commodity exporters although we do have stuff brewing but it’s not thanks to those protectionist bullshit.)
At least we are paying a massive tariff tax to make up for all of the things those evil Chinese are doing!  Expensive gas, food, and, well, everything!  America is Great Again!! Now, we need to waste billions upon billions of dollars on the Iran trap Dementia Don got us into, because he is smarter than everyone!
Remember when “Security through Obscurity” was considered the worst security model??
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Have a Techdirt Account? Sign in now. Want one? Register here
Name 
Email 
Subscribe to the Techdirt Daily newsletter
URL 
Subject 
Comment * 
Techdirt community members with Techdirt Credits can spotlight a comment as either the ""First Word"" or ""Last Word"" on a particular comment thread. Credits can be purchased at the Techdirt Insider Shop »
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
 



Δ

We don’t spam. Read our privacy policy for more info.
Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
        
 
A weekly news podcast fromMike Masnick & Ben Whitelaw
Read the latest posts:


		Read All		»



Become an Insider! 


This feature is only available to registered users.
You can register here or sign in to use it. "
51,2026-08-03,"Bitcoin, ether and other majors slipped on Monday even as macro conditions improved on fresh talk of a US-Iran deal, with the market still jolted by a Coldcard wallet exploit that has shown no sign of containment.
BTC dropped from a Sunday high of $63,600 to $62,800 on Monday, down 1% on the day and 4% over the past week. Ether fell over 1% to $1,858 and has not managed $1,900 since last week, down 5% on the seven-day view. XRP slipped almost 1% to $1.07, solana half a percent to nearly $73, and dogecoin the same to just under 7 cents.
BNB was the only major in the green, flat on the day and up 1.6% on the week. Hyperliquid's HYPE fell 1% to $52.52 and is down 12.8% over seven days, the worst of the top ten.
The macro tape was pointing the other way all morning. Brent crude futures for October dropped as much as 7.3% to $81.55 a barrel after President Donald Trump said he had called off a strike on Iran and would open fresh talks Monday, with Saudi Arabia among the allies pushing for a deal to reopen the Strait of Hormuz.
Treasuries rallied across the curve as the oil move eased inflation worries, taking the 10-year yield down four basis points to 4.69% after it hit its highest since January 2025 last week. Nasdaq 100 futures and European share futures both gained 0.8%. Gold added 0.3% to about $4,060 an ounce.
Falling oil, falling yields and rising stock futures usually give crypto a lift. This time bitcoin ignored all three — because the pressure on it is coming from a broken hardware wallet rather than from the macro.
As CoinDesk reported Sunday, a third wave of sweeps against Coldcard-generated addresses were found over the weekend, bringing observed losses to 1,367 bitcoin, nearly $89 million, across 4,585 addresses. 
The average haul per address has fallen with each wave, which suggests the attacker has worked through the large balances, and later moved to emptying wallets worth a few thousand dollars. 
Wave one took 1,083 bitcoin from 1,196 addresses on July 30, but wave three took 208 BTC from 1,912 wallets, which is more wallets for a fifth of the money.
Meanwhile, ether funds took small inflows on Friday while bitcoin funds saw an outflow, an unusual split for a market where bitcoin normally sets the direction and ether follows.
Traders should watch whether bitcoin can hold $62,000 into the Iran talks. A deal that reopens Hormuz would push oil lower again and hand crypto a second chance at the same setup it just missed. Failing to catch a bid on that would confirm the drag is coming from inside the market rather than from the macro.
Binance remains crypto’s leading exchange, expanding from spot and derivatives into RWAs, payments, savings, yield, and broader financial services.
Binance remains crypto’s leading exchange, expanding from spot and derivatives into RWAs, payments, savings, yield, and broader financial services.
Why it matters:
Binance remains crypto’s leading exchange, expanding from spot and derivatives into RWAs, payments, savings, yield, and broader financial services.
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
52,2026-08-03,"Beneath a canopy of trees at a 140-acre resort, bistro lights illuminated a long wooden table set for about 30 people. There, content creators gathered for dinner of farm-to-table food and wine.
At one end of the table, a glowing OpenAI logo completed the scene.
Over the weekend, several influencers posted videos from what they called ""OpenAI Summer Camp,"" held at Wildflower Farms, a luxury resort in New York's Hudson Valley. Weekend room rates typically exceed $2,000 a night.
According to attendees' posts, the itinerary included meals, lessons about OpenAI's latest tools, and outdoor activities, including a session with a beekeeper.
Creators also received OpenAI-branded merchandise, including canvas bags and jars of honey.
The idyllic retreat did not charm everyone online.
Summer camp with @OpenAI in upstate New York. Life’s crazy. pic.twitter.com/f5KVn6GNws
A post shared by nat lucy (@nat.lucyy)
OpenAI told Business Insider the retreat was an education-focused event tied to the recent launch of ChatGPT Work and part of its broader effort to market practical uses for its products through creators.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
""Creators are an important part of our community and how people get information and learn about our products today,"" a spokesperson said.
OpenAI's top-end getaway also comes as the AI labs attempt to turn around their public image. The firms — which have been quickly constructing data centers across the US — have faced backlash amid anxiety about rising energy prices, water use, and potential job displacement.
But this weekend's pastoral content quickly drew criticism on social media. Many questioned why a company associated with several energy- and water-intensive data centers was courting influencers at a nature-focused resort.
""This is the proper context to use the word dystopian,"" one Redditor wrote.
Across X, Reddit, TikTok, and Instagram, commenters accused OpenAI of ""greenwashing,"" while others criticized creators for promoting AI without discussing concerns about the technology's environmental impact.
Journalist Taylor Lorenz wrote on X that creators attending the event were getting ""cancelled.""
Influencers are getting cancelled for going on the OpenAI brand summer camp weekend trip, which is very interesting bc I have not seen similar criticism towards influencers who have been attending Anthropic events (which also works with the Dept of War). Have I just missed it? pic.twitter.com/rWsJQf8CaG
None of the creators contacted by Business Insider responded to requests for comment. OpenAI did not answer whether attendees on this particular trip were paid, whether OpenAI covered their travel or accommodations, or whether they were expected to post.
""We welcome healthy debate as AI becomes more prevalent, and we value creators who choose to engage with us, attend our events, ask tough questions, and learn alongside everyone else,"" a spokesperson said. ""We'll continue to value them, just as we do traditional media and other marketing partners.""
A post shared by Sreya Halder (@sreyahalder)
Grace McCarrick, one of the creators who attended, posted a video saying she wanted to make a series after ""being in the room with people who work on this product."" She recorded the video before a day of coding — and while preparing a bath.
""The irony of running a bath at a ChatGPT brand trip,"" one commenter said.
She's since posted two videos responding to negative comments.
""My morals were not compromised,"" she said in one video. ""I am supremely excited about AI and the opportunities it offers to our species. Full stop.""
OpenAI is not the first company to learn that an influencer getaway can generate scrutiny.
In 2023, fast-fashion giant Shein faced fierce criticism after flying creators to China for a curated tour of its facilities. Viewers accused the influencers of helping the company whitewash allegations about its labor and environmental practices. Cosmetics company Tarte has also repeatedly drawn backlash over lavish creator trips.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
53,2026-08-03,"I thought I would hate living in a high-rise apartment. I grew up in the woods of northern Minnesota, watching deer and the occasional bear wander through the backyard. 
I've spent my adult life in suburban townhomes near large park reserves, a compromise between rural landscapes and the job opportunities of the Minneapolis metro area.
However, my husband of 15-plus years has long fantasized about urban living and skyline views. 
Whenever we drove by downtown apartment buildings, he gazed wistfully at the units on the upper floors. When we were planning a trip to Tokyo, he pored through online reviews to find a room with the best panoramic skyline view. At home, he watched YouTube videos of cityscapes and scrolled through real estate listings for urban condos.
A successful marriage is all about compromise, so by the time we hit our late 30s, I offered to give urban living a try for one year, on a part-time basis. 
Since we don't have kids, it was feasible to split our time between our suburban townhome in the northwest metro and a 19th-floor condo we rented in downtown Minneapolis.
As we lugged our furniture up the freight elevator on move-in day, my husband was thrilled about this exciting adventure. I was skeptical. 
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
For the first time in my life, I was surrounded by asphalt and multi-story buildings. Instead of a shady patio and a lawn, we had a small balcony perched above a busy street. 
The traffic noise was constant, punctuated by sirens from emergency vehicles going to and from the nearby fire station and hospital.
But as we settled in, I started to see the perks of urban high-rise life. 
When my husband and I travel, we gravitate to walkable city centers and compact towns, using walking as our primary mode of transit. Now I can take that same approach to my daily life. 
Three different grocery stores are within a 10-minute walk, and on Saturday mornings, the year-round farmers market is a five-minute walk away.
Evenings out became centered on walking rather than driving, with the orchestra hall, ballpark, and multiple theaters within a mile of our condo. 
Minneapolis has a diverse dining scene, and now much of it is within walking distance, from an Eastern European deli and Latina-owned coffee shop to an Indigenous restaurant and chic Italian spot.
We also lucked out with the social scene in our particular building. 
In the suburbs, we never really connected with our neighbors. Social events were geared to families, and as a childless couple, we didn't have much in common with our neighbors.
However, the majority of units in our building are one- or two-bedrooms, and most inhabitants are empty nesters or fellow childfree couples. 
Not having kids is less of a barrier to socializing, and there's an impressive lineup of events, from book groups to an annual building-wide holiday party. 
During the Super Bowl and World Cup, people gathered in the common room to watch the games on the big screen. Last spring, I rocked a thrifted dress at the building's first ""prom for grownups."" 
We've made friends with a few other couples in the building, and it's convenient to get together when we can walk to a restaurant a couple of blocks away.
Beyond our building, I like feeling like a part of a vibrant urban area. In the suburbs, I mostly saw cars driving back and forth. When I'm downtown, I can step outside and see people of all different backgrounds sharing the same public spaces. 
I appreciate the views from our condo of the Mississippi River and the Minneapolis skyline, but my favorite part is watching the people down below, playing lawn chess, walking their dogs, or lining up at the neighborhood ice cream truck.
A few months into our lease, my husband and I realized that one year wouldn't be enough. We both wanted to live downtown on a long-term basis. 
When we reached out to our landlord, we discovered that she was planning to sell the unit as soon as our lease was up. So, we put in an offer and are now negotiating the final purchase agreement. 
Once we've closed on the condo, we're planning to list our townhome and live downtown full-time.
Although I'll miss my long runs in the park reserve, I'm ready for the next chapter. It's time to swap suburbia for the convenience and connection of urban life.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
54,2026-08-03,"Gee, pee-ew.
Hot on the heels of Nvidia reportedly raising the price of its graphics cards and memory units comes word that rival component manufacturer AMD will do the same.
That's according to industry scrutiniser Harukaze5719 (via PC Gamer) who said AMD had actually been waiting for Nvidia to bump its prices before it bumped its own. ""This was to avoid the risk of declining product competitiveness and market share loss from a hasty price adjustment during a period of demand pressure,"" Harukaze5719 shared on X.
The report said AMD had already notified manufacturers of a price increase of ""at least 10 percent"" across all products, and that the price increase would take effect from the beginning of August. ""The price positioning is expected to be similar to that of the Nvidia series graphics cards,"" Harukaze5719 wrote.
It was reported last week that Nvidia would bump the price of its graphics cards and associated components by 20 to 30 percent. The same report suggested Samsung would raise the price of its memory units by similar amounts, too. Sigh; it's really not a good time to be buying into gaming hardware.
The cause of all of this is, primarily, rampant component demand by AI datacenters and lucrative deals those companies are making to hog component stock being produced. Harukaze5719's analysis also highlighted a current ""weak recovery phase in the consumer graphics card market"", ""high price sensitivity at the end-user level"", and ""existing inventory still needing to be digested"" as reasons why prices were rising.
The knock-on effect of this is felt in console gaming, too, as we deal with the unprecedented situation of console prices rising after launch rather than falling. All three platform holders - Nintendo, Sony, and Microsoft - have raised the price of their consoles since they were released, often multiple times, and they've warned they might do so again in the future. The cascading effect could mean we're looking at next generation consoles in touching distance of £1000 for the first time. It's a pricing crisis that's far from over.
© 2026 Eurogamer.net a brand of IGN Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved. 60 Whitechapel High Street, London, E1 7PE, United Kingdom. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission. Eurogamer is a registered trademark of Gamer Network Limited."
55,2026-08-03,"Diamond Hill Capital, a First Eagle Investment Management company, issued its Q2 2026 investor letter for its “Large Cap Strategy”. A copy of the letter is a..."
56,2026-08-03,"Diamond Hill Capital, a First Eagle Investment Management company, issued its Q2 2026 investor letter for its “Large Cap Strategy”. A copy of the letter is a..."
57,2026-08-03,"Diamond Hill Capital, a First Eagle Investment Management company, issued its Q2 2026 investor letter for its “Large Cap Strategy”. A copy of the letter is a..."
58,2026-08-03,"SpaceX's attempt to give investors a voice in its first earnings call is not going entirely to plan.
Ahead of the rocket company's first earnings since its record-breaking IPO, SpaceX set up an online forum for shareholders to submit questions for Elon Musk and other executives.
The forum — which SpaceX said was built with its AI tool Grok — has been filled with crypto references, memes, and posts promoting Asteroid, a Shiba Inu plushie the company has adopted as its mascot.
""Will Asteroid (your mascot) go to Mars?"" read one of the top-voted posts, while another called for SpaceX to expand its line of Shiba plushies, which the company sells for $35.
""Can we paint the rocket pink?"" asked another of the most popular questions.
It is not clear how many of the posts are from actual SpaceX investors. The forum appears to allow anyone to sign up and submit questions.
Many of the posts appear to be pushing a cryptocurrency called ""Baby Asteroid,"" with one question referencing the token becoming the second most popular post with 750 upvotes.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Baby Asteroid, a tiny crypto coin that ranks outside the 8,000 biggest cryptocurrencies by market cap, briefly soared 262% in a four-hour period on July 31, according to data from Coinbase, before giving up most of its gains.
Business Insider counted roughly 20 posts on the forum referencing Asteroid, out of 371 in total. The deluge of crypto-promoting posts on the investor forum has attracted the ire of some of the more serious posters.
""Can we get downvotes on this Q&A. We got crypto bros pumping up asteroid mascot coin in the questions instead of real investor questions,"" wrote one poster.
SpaceX did not respond to a request for comment.
There were also many serious questions in the forum, with investors asking about SpaceX's plans to test orbital refueling of its Starship rocket and progress on the company's contract with NASA to return humans to the moon.
Several posters also asked about the prospect of SpaceX merging with Musk's other company, Tesla — a rumor that also attracted the interest of Tesla investors ahead of the EV giant's own second-quarter earnings last month.
Others veered into science fiction, with multiple posts asking if SpaceX intended to develop antimatter engines, a theoretical form of propulsion. Some were out of this world, with one person asking if a future earnings call could be conducted by executives in space.
Some of the questions aren't completely out of place. In the past, Musk has embraced stunts (sending his Tesla Roadster to space) and followed through on fan suggestions (adding Dog Mode to Teslas).
It comes as SpaceX gears up for its first major test as a public company. The Starship maker is set to report Q2 earnings on Tuesday, with Morgan Stanley analysts expecting SpaceX to post a $1.7 billion loss for the quarter.
SpaceX is also bracing for a wave of insider stock sales as its first lock-up period expires on August 6, with around $100 billion in stock set to become available to trade.
Analysts have warned that the end of the lock-up could lead to further upheaval in SpaceX's already volatile stock price. SpaceX's shares have erased more than $1 trillion in value since its post-IPO surge peaked in June.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
59,2026-08-03,"Netflix was founded in 1997 as a DVDs-by-mail rental service, and it expanded into online streaming a decade later. Over the years, streaming has changed the..."
60,2026-08-03,Tech stocks coverage for the week of Aug. 3.
61,2026-08-03,"Amazon's market value topped $3 trillion for the first time on Monday, helped by a sharp rally ‌following strong earnings and signs that the AI boom is ‌driv..."
62,2026-08-03,"Diamond Hill Capital, a First Eagle Investment Management company, issued its Q2 2026 investor letter for its “Large Cap Strategy”. A copy of the letter is a..."
63,2026-08-03,"Diamond Hill Capital, a First Eagle Investment Management company, issued its Q2 2026 investor letter for its “Large Cap Strategy”. A copy of the letter is a..."
64,2026-08-03,"Diamond Hill Capital, a First Eagle Investment Management company, issued its Q2 2026 investor letter for its “Large Cap Strategy”. A copy of the letter is a..."
65,2026-08-03,"Hollywood increasingly sees YouTube as its major competition, and per a new report, free tiers from streamers like Disney+ and Paramount+ might be the answer.
James Faris writes at Business Insider:
Hollywood giants Disney and Paramount Skydance are exploring adding free tiers to their subscription services to build audiences, grow advertising revenue, and turn curious newcomers into customers…Netflix co-CEO Greg Peters said in mid-July that “a free offering could make sense in some markets.”
Recently, Disney’s Chief Product & Technology Officer Adam Smith reportedly “spoke about enabling free-tier content during a streaming town hall.”
The effort would aim to remove friction introduced by the Disney+ paywall in a bid to expand reach. Disney could then more easily upsell viewers on a paid subscription when they’re already using the app regularly.
Paramount reportedly has a similar idea: “Paramount’s flagship streamer plans to expand access to movies and shows available to people without a subscription, according to an internal presentation viewed by Business Insider.”
Netflix’s comments about a free offering were specific to markets outside the US. But that could always change depending on how free tiers perform for other streamers.
Each streamer seems motivated in part by YouTube’s ever-growing engagement and market share. Disney+ had previously planned to add YouTube-style user-generated content for free. But the dissolution of Sora and Disney’s OpenAI deal made the future of those plans unclear.
What do you think of streamers launching more free streaming tiers? Let us know in the comments.
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Ryan got his start in journalism as an Editor at MacStories, where he worked for four years covering Apple news, writing app reviews, and more. For two years he co-hosted the Adapt podcast on Relay FM, which focused entirely on the iPad. As a result, it should come as no surprise that his favorite Apple device is the iPad Pro."
66,2026-08-03,"This is fine
Yep, RAMnarök ain't going away. The ongoing memory crisis isn't getting better. It's far too busy continuing to fuel hikes in the prices of memory-dependent hardware like graphics cards with AMD reportedly having joined Nvidia on the list of firms raising how much they're charging for GPUs.
According to a report shared by self-described Korean PC tech fan Harukaze5719, who's previously been on the money about the prices of RTX 5060 Ti versions, AMD are pushing up how much they charge their partners for cards by 10%.
Citing anonymous sources in AMD's internal supply chain, the report suggests the company basically waited to pull the trigger on their hikes until competitor Nvidia had set in motion their own graphics card price hike of up to 30%. The latter was reported by Taiwan's Economic Daily News last week. The resulting effect on consumers depends on how much of the hike companies decide to eat themselves, but pending such acts of selfless altruism, two brands of cards which cost a chunk more than they used to looks like the reality we're set for.
pic.twitter.com/J29bGNsYjf
But hey, it's not all bad news. Leaks reported by Digital Foundry look to be pointing to AMD Radeon RX 9050 cards with just 4GB of VRAM sliding onto the market. As DF put it: ""We've previously marked down graphics cards for shipping with 8GB or even 10GB of memory, as many modern games don't scale gracefully to lower VRAM systems, so seeing even a budget-class card intended for internal resolutions of 1080p or below with this little VRAM is concerning.""
AI datacentres sucking up the attention of the world's memory chip makers remains the driving force behind RAMnarök, with Samsung, SK Hynix and Micron currently facing a US lawsuit accusing them of making the crisis worse by fixing RAM prices and supply.

        Rock Paper Shotgun is better when you sign in
      

        Sign in and join us on our journey to discover strange and compelling PC games.
      
© 2026 Rock Paper Shotgun, an IGN Entertainment, Inc. brand. 60 Whitechapel High Street, London, E1 7PE, United Kingdom. All rights reserved. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission. Rock Paper Shotgun is a registered trademark of Gamer Network Limited, an affiliate of IGN Entertainment, Inc."
67,2026-08-03,Bristol Myers Squibb (BMY) just gave investors a strong quarter and a bigger outlook. Morgan Stanley read the same report and kept its rating exactly where i...
68,2026-08-03,
69,2026-08-03,"Foldable phones have improved a lot since the first Galaxy Fold launched in 2019 –especially the best foldables – but these phones still live in a premium price bracket because the core parts of the product remain expensive to manufacture. The biggest drivers of cost are the multiple, flexible, large displays, the hinge system, and the extra engineering needed to make both survive repeated folding without ruining the user experience (alongside all the other features exclusive to foldable phones).
The display alone makes foldables harder to price like ordinary smartphones. A foldable phone usually needs not just one screen, but a larger flexible main panel plus a cover display alongside that inner screen, which are more complex and costly to produce than the glass panels used in standard slab phones. The hinge is the other major expense. Foldable phones have to fold smoothly, stay aligned, resist wear, and often support dust- and water-resistant designs, which pushes manufacturers toward intricate custom hardware and more testing. That complexity also raises repair costs, which matters to buyers and to brands that have to support the device after launch.
Memory prices have been a huge driver as well, with the sharp rise in DRAM and NAND costs pushing foldable makers to raise prices or trim specs, while tariffs add extra pressure by increasing import and manufacturing costs. High demand — especially from AI data centers competing for the same memory supply — plus strong interest in premium foldables, have both worked to keep supply tight and raise the prices of foldables further.
Despite being on the market for eight years now, foldable phones also remain a niche category, and low shipment volumes mean manufacturers cannot spread development and tooling costs across huge sales numbers the way they can with mainstream phones. In other words, even if the technology matures, it is still not being built at the scale needed to trigger the sharp price drops people expect from mass-market consumer electronics. This ties in with a purely business reason behind foldable prices staying high: For now, foldables are positioned as flagship products, not budget ones. Brands load them with premium processors, camera systems, and materials, then charge accordingly because early adopters are still willing to pay for the novelty and productivity benefits. Until flexible displays, hinge designs, and production volumes become much cheaper at scale, foldables are likely to remain expensive even as they get thinner, lighter, and more refined.
In some ways, the static price of foldables isn't a surprise. Traditional flagship phones have largely hovered around the same price point when adjusted for inflation, too. A base Samsung Galaxy S6 retailed at $600 in 2015, while the starting price for a Galaxy S25 in 2025 was $799. However, the value equation has shifted because mid-range phones have gotten much better, and that makes flagships feel less like the only ""good"" option. That said, the higher price of foldables can be more difficult to stomach when you take into account that many owners say they don't last as long as traditional flagships."
70,2026-08-03,"Supernus Pharmaceuticals and Indivior NASDAQ: INDV announced plans to combine in an all-stock, tax-free merger of equals that the companies said would create a central nervous system-focused biopharmaceutical company with approximately $2.2 billion in pro forma trailing-12-month net revenue.


The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2026, subject to shareholder approvals, regulatory clearances and customary closing conditions. Until then, the companies will continue operating independently.


Under the agreement, Supernus shareholders will receive 1.5401 shares of Indivior common stock for each Supernus share held. Indivior also plans to declare a $1 billion aggregate dividend to its pre-closing shareholders before the deal is completed. At closing, Indivior shareholders are expected to own about 56.5% of the combined company on a fully diluted basis, while Supernus shareholders would own approximately 43.5%.

Combined company structure
The combined company will retain the Supernus name and be headquartered in Rockville, Maryland. Supernus President and Chief Executive Officer Jack Khattar will lead the company after closing, while Indivior director Tony Kingsley will serve as non-executive chairman. The board is expected to include four directors from each company, including Khattar and Kingsley.

Khattar said the combination would bring together 11 commercial medicines across four primary therapeutic areas: addiction, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, depression and Parkinson’s disease.

“This transaction creates a CNS leader through the combination of two highly complementary businesses,” Khattar said. He added that the companies expect their key growth products to continue growing into the 2030s.

Indivior CEO Joe Ciaffoni said the deal follows the company’s efforts under its Indivior Action Agenda, which focused on expanding sales of opioid use disorder treatment SUBLOCADE, simplifying the organization and strengthening its financial position. He said the merger gives Indivior shareholders an opportunity to participate in the upside of the combined company.

Portfolio led by SUBLOCADE
As of June 30, the combined business had approximately $2.2 billion in pro forma net revenue over the preceding 12 months. SUBLOCADE, Indivior’s extended-release buprenorphine injection for opioid use disorder, is expected to account for about 44% of that revenue, making it the combined company’s largest individual product contributor.

The portfolio also includes Indivior’s SUBOXONE sublingual film for opioid use disorder and Supernus growth products including Qelbree for ADHD, ZURZUVAE for postpartum depression and Onapgo for Parkinson’s disease. Khattar also identified Gocovri among the products the combined company expects to support.

Ciaffoni said SUBLOCADE remains the leading prescribed long-acting injectable treatment in its market and reported that the product had record new patient starts in the latest quarter. He said market share was stable at 76% for roughly six or seven quarters.

While declining to provide peak-sales guidance, Ciaffoni said Indivior sees a durable growth runway for SUBLOCADE. He cited a large untreated patient population and low long-acting injectable penetration, which he said stands at about 10%.

According to Ciaffoni, an estimated eight million to nine million people in the U.S. misuse opioids, four million to five million are diagnosed with opioid use disorder, and about two million receive buprenorphine treatment. He said Indivior’s consumer education and awareness efforts are intended to encourage more patients to seek treatment.

The company said prompted awareness of SUBLOCADE among current or recent buprenorphine users rose to 50% in its most recent research from 15% before it began its consumer-focused investment. Ciaffoni also said SUBLOCADE has more than 85% access across commercial and Medicaid coverage.

Synergies and financial profile
The companies expect to achieve $125 million in annual cost synergies within the first 12 months after the merger closes. Khattar said the savings are expected to come primarily from general and administrative redundancies and operational efficiencies.

Management did not provide detailed estimates for potential additional savings, but Khattar said the combined company would continue reviewing operations for further efficiency opportunities after closing. Supernus CFO Tim Dec said the company’s past acquisition and integration experience supports its confidence in delivering the stated synergy target.

For the 12 months ended June 30, Supernus reported $830 million in net revenue and $150 million in adjusted EBITDA, representing an approximately 18% adjusted EBITDA margin. Indivior reported $1.3 billion in net revenue and $613 million in adjusted EBITDA, or a 46% margin.

On a pro forma basis, including anticipated synergies, the combined company would have generated approximately $888 million in adjusted EBITDA, representing a margin of roughly 41%. Pro forma net debt was cited at $878 million, equal to about one times net leverage. Dec said the combined company would have approximately 215 million shares outstanding based on the exchange ratio.

Business development plans
Khattar said the larger company intends to remain disciplined in business development, with CNS as its primary strategic focus. He said Supernus would also continue to consider women’s health opportunities and could pursue products spanning psychiatry, neurology and certain rare diseases.

The company expects to prioritize commercial-stage and mid- to late-stage assets, while continuing to invest in its existing development pipeline and discovery programs. Khattar said the greater scale and financial resources of the combined business could support opportunities neither company could pursue independently.

Management does not expect meaningful sales-force consolidation between Supernus’ existing areas and Indivior’s opioid use disorder business. Khattar said the company anticipates maintaining four distinct sales forces focused on ADHD, Parkinson’s disease, obstetrics and gynecology, and SUBLOCADE.

Regarding SUBLOCADE’s durability, Ciaffoni said the product is a complex sterile long-acting injectable made through an aseptic manufacturing process. He said the company has 12 Orange Book-listed patents extending from 2031 through 2038 and is pursuing additional patents related to a 2025 label update that, if granted, could extend intellectual property protection to 2042 through 2044.About Indivior (NASDAQ:INDV)Indivior plc is a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to developing and delivering treatments for addiction and related mental health disorders. The company's portfolio centers on therapies designed to support individuals dealing with opioid dependence, alcohol use disorder and other behavioral health challenges. Its lead products include Suboxone® (buprenorphine and naloxone) sublingual film and Sublocade® (extended-release buprenorphine) injection, both of which are approved in multiple markets to aid in opioid use disorder management.

Indivior was established in 2014 through a demerger from the pharmaceuticals division of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, inheriting decades of research and commercial expertise in addiction medicine.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Should You Invest $1,000 in Indivior Right Now?Before you consider Indivior, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Indivior wasn't on the list.While Indivior currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold ForeverWith the proliferation of data centers and electric vehicles, the electric grid will only get more strained. Download this report to learn how energy stocks can play a role in your portfolio as the global demand for energy continues to grow.Get This Free Report

The combined company will retain the Supernus name and be headquartered in Rockville, Maryland. Supernus President and Chief Executive Officer Jack Khattar will lead the company after closing, while Indivior director Tony Kingsley will serve as non-executive chairman. The board is expected to include four directors from each company, including Khattar and Kingsley.


Khattar said the combination would bring together 11 commercial medicines across four primary therapeutic areas: addiction, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, depression and Parkinson’s disease.


“This transaction creates a CNS leader through the combination of two highly complementary businesses,” Khattar said. He added that the companies expect their key growth products to continue growing into the 2030s.


Indivior CEO Joe Ciaffoni said the deal follows the company’s efforts under its Indivior Action Agenda, which focused on expanding sales of opioid use disorder treatment SUBLOCADE, simplifying the organization and strengthening its financial position. He said the merger gives Indivior shareholders an opportunity to participate in the upside of the combined company.

Portfolio led by SUBLOCADE
As of June 30, the combined business had approximately $2.2 billion in pro forma net revenue over the preceding 12 months. SUBLOCADE, Indivior’s extended-release buprenorphine injection for opioid use disorder, is expected to account for about 44% of that revenue, making it the combined company’s largest individual product contributor.

The portfolio also includes Indivior’s SUBOXONE sublingual film for opioid use disorder and Supernus growth products including Qelbree for ADHD, ZURZUVAE for postpartum depression and Onapgo for Parkinson’s disease. Khattar also identified Gocovri among the products the combined company expects to support.

Ciaffoni said SUBLOCADE remains the leading prescribed long-acting injectable treatment in its market and reported that the product had record new patient starts in the latest quarter. He said market share was stable at 76% for roughly six or seven quarters.

While declining to provide peak-sales guidance, Ciaffoni said Indivior sees a durable growth runway for SUBLOCADE. He cited a large untreated patient population and low long-acting injectable penetration, which he said stands at about 10%.

According to Ciaffoni, an estimated eight million to nine million people in the U.S. misuse opioids, four million to five million are diagnosed with opioid use disorder, and about two million receive buprenorphine treatment. He said Indivior’s consumer education and awareness efforts are intended to encourage more patients to seek treatment.

The company said prompted awareness of SUBLOCADE among current or recent buprenorphine users rose to 50% in its most recent research from 15% before it began its consumer-focused investment. Ciaffoni also said SUBLOCADE has more than 85% access across commercial and Medicaid coverage.

Synergies and financial profile
The companies expect to achieve $125 million in annual cost synergies within the first 12 months after the merger closes. Khattar said the savings are expected to come primarily from general and administrative redundancies and operational efficiencies.

Management did not provide detailed estimates for potential additional savings, but Khattar said the combined company would continue reviewing operations for further efficiency opportunities after closing. Supernus CFO Tim Dec said the company’s past acquisition and integration experience supports its confidence in delivering the stated synergy target.

For the 12 months ended June 30, Supernus reported $830 million in net revenue and $150 million in adjusted EBITDA, representing an approximately 18% adjusted EBITDA margin. Indivior reported $1.3 billion in net revenue and $613 million in adjusted EBITDA, or a 46% margin.

On a pro forma basis, including anticipated synergies, the combined company would have generated approximately $888 million in adjusted EBITDA, representing a margin of roughly 41%. Pro forma net debt was cited at $878 million, equal to about one times net leverage. Dec said the combined company would have approximately 215 million shares outstanding based on the exchange ratio.

Business development plans
Khattar said the larger company intends to remain disciplined in business development, with CNS as its primary strategic focus. He said Supernus would also continue to consider women’s health opportunities and could pursue products spanning psychiatry, neurology and certain rare diseases.

The company expects to prioritize commercial-stage and mid- to late-stage assets, while continuing to invest in its existing development pipeline and discovery programs. Khattar said the greater scale and financial resources of the combined business could support opportunities neither company could pursue independently.

Management does not expect meaningful sales-force consolidation between Supernus’ existing areas and Indivior’s opioid use disorder business. Khattar said the company anticipates maintaining four distinct sales forces focused on ADHD, Parkinson’s disease, obstetrics and gynecology, and SUBLOCADE.

Regarding SUBLOCADE’s durability, Ciaffoni said the product is a complex sterile long-acting injectable made through an aseptic manufacturing process. He said the company has 12 Orange Book-listed patents extending from 2031 through 2038 and is pursuing additional patents related to a 2025 label update that, if granted, could extend intellectual property protection to 2042 through 2044.About Indivior (NASDAQ:INDV)Indivior plc is a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to developing and delivering treatments for addiction and related mental health disorders. The company's portfolio centers on therapies designed to support individuals dealing with opioid dependence, alcohol use disorder and other behavioral health challenges. Its lead products include Suboxone® (buprenorphine and naloxone) sublingual film and Sublocade® (extended-release buprenorphine) injection, both of which are approved in multiple markets to aid in opioid use disorder management.

Indivior was established in 2014 through a demerger from the pharmaceuticals division of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, inheriting decades of research and commercial expertise in addiction medicine.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Should You Invest $1,000 in Indivior Right Now?Before you consider Indivior, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Indivior wasn't on the list.While Indivior currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold ForeverWith the proliferation of data centers and electric vehicles, the electric grid will only get more strained. Download this report to learn how energy stocks can play a role in your portfolio as the global demand for energy continues to grow.Get This Free Report

As of June 30, the combined business had approximately $2.2 billion in pro forma net revenue over the preceding 12 months. SUBLOCADE, Indivior’s extended-release buprenorphine injection for opioid use disorder, is expected to account for about 44% of that revenue, making it the combined company’s largest individual product contributor.


The portfolio also includes Indivior’s SUBOXONE sublingual film for opioid use disorder and Supernus growth products including Qelbree for ADHD, ZURZUVAE for postpartum depression and Onapgo for Parkinson’s disease. Khattar also identified Gocovri among the products the combined company expects to support.


Ciaffoni said SUBLOCADE remains the leading prescribed long-acting injectable treatment in its market and reported that the product had record new patient starts in the latest quarter. He said market share was stable at 76% for roughly six or seven quarters.


While declining to provide peak-sales guidance, Ciaffoni said Indivior sees a durable growth runway for SUBLOCADE. He cited a large untreated patient population and low long-acting injectable penetration, which he said stands at about 10%.


According to Ciaffoni, an estimated eight million to nine million people in the U.S. misuse opioids, four million to five million are diagnosed with opioid use disorder, and about two million receive buprenorphine treatment. He said Indivior’s consumer education and awareness efforts are intended to encourage more patients to seek treatment.


The company said prompted awareness of SUBLOCADE among current or recent buprenorphine users rose to 50% in its most recent research from 15% before it began its consumer-focused investment. Ciaffoni also said SUBLOCADE has more than 85% access across commercial and Medicaid coverage.

Synergies and financial profile
The companies expect to achieve $125 million in annual cost synergies within the first 12 months after the merger closes. Khattar said the savings are expected to come primarily from general and administrative redundancies and operational efficiencies.

Management did not provide detailed estimates for potential additional savings, but Khattar said the combined company would continue reviewing operations for further efficiency opportunities after closing. Supernus CFO Tim Dec said the company’s past acquisition and integration experience supports its confidence in delivering the stated synergy target.

For the 12 months ended June 30, Supernus reported $830 million in net revenue and $150 million in adjusted EBITDA, representing an approximately 18% adjusted EBITDA margin. Indivior reported $1.3 billion in net revenue and $613 million in adjusted EBITDA, or a 46% margin.

On a pro forma basis, including anticipated synergies, the combined company would have generated approximately $888 million in adjusted EBITDA, representing a margin of roughly 41%. Pro forma net debt was cited at $878 million, equal to about one times net leverage. Dec said the combined company would have approximately 215 million shares outstanding based on the exchange ratio.

Business development plans
Khattar said the larger company intends to remain disciplined in business development, with CNS as its primary strategic focus. He said Supernus would also continue to consider women’s health opportunities and could pursue products spanning psychiatry, neurology and certain rare diseases.

The company expects to prioritize commercial-stage and mid- to late-stage assets, while continuing to invest in its existing development pipeline and discovery programs. Khattar said the greater scale and financial resources of the combined business could support opportunities neither company could pursue independently.

Management does not expect meaningful sales-force consolidation between Supernus’ existing areas and Indivior’s opioid use disorder business. Khattar said the company anticipates maintaining four distinct sales forces focused on ADHD, Parkinson’s disease, obstetrics and gynecology, and SUBLOCADE.

Regarding SUBLOCADE’s durability, Ciaffoni said the product is a complex sterile long-acting injectable made through an aseptic manufacturing process. He said the company has 12 Orange Book-listed patents extending from 2031 through 2038 and is pursuing additional patents related to a 2025 label update that, if granted, could extend intellectual property protection to 2042 through 2044.About Indivior (NASDAQ:INDV)Indivior plc is a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to developing and delivering treatments for addiction and related mental health disorders. The company's portfolio centers on therapies designed to support individuals dealing with opioid dependence, alcohol use disorder and other behavioral health challenges. Its lead products include Suboxone® (buprenorphine and naloxone) sublingual film and Sublocade® (extended-release buprenorphine) injection, both of which are approved in multiple markets to aid in opioid use disorder management.

Indivior was established in 2014 through a demerger from the pharmaceuticals division of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, inheriting decades of research and commercial expertise in addiction medicine.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Should You Invest $1,000 in Indivior Right Now?Before you consider Indivior, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Indivior wasn't on the list.While Indivior currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold ForeverWith the proliferation of data centers and electric vehicles, the electric grid will only get more strained. Download this report to learn how energy stocks can play a role in your portfolio as the global demand for energy continues to grow.Get This Free Report

The companies expect to achieve $125 million in annual cost synergies within the first 12 months after the merger closes. Khattar said the savings are expected to come primarily from general and administrative redundancies and operational efficiencies.


Management did not provide detailed estimates for potential additional savings, but Khattar said the combined company would continue reviewing operations for further efficiency opportunities after closing. Supernus CFO Tim Dec said the company’s past acquisition and integration experience supports its confidence in delivering the stated synergy target.


For the 12 months ended June 30, Supernus reported $830 million in net revenue and $150 million in adjusted EBITDA, representing an approximately 18% adjusted EBITDA margin. Indivior reported $1.3 billion in net revenue and $613 million in adjusted EBITDA, or a 46% margin.


On a pro forma basis, including anticipated synergies, the combined company would have generated approximately $888 million in adjusted EBITDA, representing a margin of roughly 41%. Pro forma net debt was cited at $878 million, equal to about one times net leverage. Dec said the combined company would have approximately 215 million shares outstanding based on the exchange ratio.

Business development plans
Khattar said the larger company intends to remain disciplined in business development, with CNS as its primary strategic focus. He said Supernus would also continue to consider women’s health opportunities and could pursue products spanning psychiatry, neurology and certain rare diseases.

The company expects to prioritize commercial-stage and mid- to late-stage assets, while continuing to invest in its existing development pipeline and discovery programs. Khattar said the greater scale and financial resources of the combined business could support opportunities neither company could pursue independently.

Management does not expect meaningful sales-force consolidation between Supernus’ existing areas and Indivior’s opioid use disorder business. Khattar said the company anticipates maintaining four distinct sales forces focused on ADHD, Parkinson’s disease, obstetrics and gynecology, and SUBLOCADE.

Regarding SUBLOCADE’s durability, Ciaffoni said the product is a complex sterile long-acting injectable made through an aseptic manufacturing process. He said the company has 12 Orange Book-listed patents extending from 2031 through 2038 and is pursuing additional patents related to a 2025 label update that, if granted, could extend intellectual property protection to 2042 through 2044.About Indivior (NASDAQ:INDV)Indivior plc is a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to developing and delivering treatments for addiction and related mental health disorders. The company's portfolio centers on therapies designed to support individuals dealing with opioid dependence, alcohol use disorder and other behavioral health challenges. Its lead products include Suboxone® (buprenorphine and naloxone) sublingual film and Sublocade® (extended-release buprenorphine) injection, both of which are approved in multiple markets to aid in opioid use disorder management.

Indivior was established in 2014 through a demerger from the pharmaceuticals division of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, inheriting decades of research and commercial expertise in addiction medicine.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Should You Invest $1,000 in Indivior Right Now?Before you consider Indivior, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Indivior wasn't on the list.While Indivior currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold ForeverWith the proliferation of data centers and electric vehicles, the electric grid will only get more strained. Download this report to learn how energy stocks can play a role in your portfolio as the global demand for energy continues to grow.Get This Free Report

Khattar said the larger company intends to remain disciplined in business development, with CNS as its primary strategic focus. He said Supernus would also continue to consider women’s health opportunities and could pursue products spanning psychiatry, neurology and certain rare diseases.


The company expects to prioritize commercial-stage and mid- to late-stage assets, while continuing to invest in its existing development pipeline and discovery programs. Khattar said the greater scale and financial resources of the combined business could support opportunities neither company could pursue independently.


Management does not expect meaningful sales-force consolidation between Supernus’ existing areas and Indivior’s opioid use disorder business. Khattar said the company anticipates maintaining four distinct sales forces focused on ADHD, Parkinson’s disease, obstetrics and gynecology, and SUBLOCADE.


Regarding SUBLOCADE’s durability, Ciaffoni said the product is a complex sterile long-acting injectable made through an aseptic manufacturing process. He said the company has 12 Orange Book-listed patents extending from 2031 through 2038 and is pursuing additional patents related to a 2025 label update that, if granted, could extend intellectual property protection to 2042 through 2044.About Indivior (NASDAQ:INDV)Indivior plc is a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to developing and delivering treatments for addiction and related mental health disorders. The company's portfolio centers on therapies designed to support individuals dealing with opioid dependence, alcohol use disorder and other behavioral health challenges. Its lead products include Suboxone® (buprenorphine and naloxone) sublingual film and Sublocade® (extended-release buprenorphine) injection, both of which are approved in multiple markets to aid in opioid use disorder management.

Indivior was established in 2014 through a demerger from the pharmaceuticals division of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, inheriting decades of research and commercial expertise in addiction medicine.This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.Should You Invest $1,000 in Indivior Right Now?Before you consider Indivior, you'll want to hear this.MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Indivior wasn't on the list.While Indivior currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.View The Five Stocks Here 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold ForeverWith the proliferation of data centers and electric vehicles, the electric grid will only get more strained. Download this report to learn how energy stocks can play a role in your portfolio as the global demand for energy continues to grow.Get This Free Report

Indivior plc is a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to developing and delivering treatments for addiction and related mental health disorders. The company's portfolio centers on therapies designed to support individuals dealing with opioid dependence, alcohol use disorder and other behavioral health challenges. Its lead products include Suboxone® (buprenorphine and naloxone) sublingual film and Sublocade® (extended-release buprenorphine) injection, both of which are approved in multiple markets to aid in opioid use disorder management.


Indivior was established in 2014 through a demerger from the pharmaceuticals division of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, inheriting decades of research and commercial expertise in addiction medicine.
This instant news alert was generated by narrative science technology and financial data from MarketBeat in order to provide readers with the fastest reporting and unbiased coverage. Please send any questions or comments about this story to contact@marketbeat.com.
Before you consider Indivior, you'll want to hear this.
MarketBeat keeps track of Wall Street's top-rated and best performing research analysts and the stocks they recommend to their clients on a daily basis. MarketBeat has identified the five stocks that top analysts are quietly whispering to their clients to buy now before the broader market catches on... and Indivior wasn't on the list.
While Indivior currently has a Moderate Buy rating among analysts, top-rated analysts believe these five stocks are better buys.
View The Five Stocks Here 
With the proliferation of data centers and electric vehicles, the electric grid will only get more strained. Download this report to learn how energy stocks can play a role in your portfolio as the global demand for energy continues to grow.
Sign up for MarketBeat All Access to gain access to MarketBeat's full suite of research tools and reports.
Featured By

                                        345 N Reid Place, Suite 620, Sioux Falls, SD 57103
                                        
                                        contact@marketbeat.com
                                        
                                        (844) 978-6257
                                    
© MarketBeat Media, LLC 2010-2026. All rights reserved.

                                © 2026   Fair market value prices are updated every minute and are provided by Massive. Other market data provided is at least 10-minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions.  Information is provided 'as-is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and is delayed. To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see Barchart's disclaimer. 

My Account - 
"
71,2026-08-03,Worries over increased competition from China sent semiconductor stocks lower on Monday.
72,2026-08-03,"Summer deals are somehow still live on AirPods Pro 3 at $50 off alongside all-time low pricing on AirTag 2, but today we have some fresh discounts on Apple Watch Ultra 3. Amazon is now offering several configurations at nearly $100 off the list prices to join refreshed Series 11 offers from $299. We also have Anker’s more powerful 100W 3-port Smart Display Charger down at $50 on Amazon (nearly 30% off) and the Best Buy’s updated August Back to School sale – Apple gear, smart TVs from $80, dorm upgrades, and more. Scope it all out down below. 
Update: As we suspected, Amazon has also now dropped the price on a few other Ultra 3 configurations, including the Natural case model with the Anchor Blue Ocean Band at nearly $100 off. Details below. 
While we have had a steady run of deals across the Series 11 lineup, much like we are right now to kick off August, deals on Apple Watch Ultra 3 have been much more rare. This morning, however, we spotted the black Ultra 3 with the black one size fits just about everyone Ocean band at nearly $100 off courtesy of Amazon. 
Amazon is now offering the Apple Watch Ultra 3 in Black Titanium with the matching Black Ocean Band down at $699.99 shipped. 
Regularly $799, this is just shy of $100 off the list price and the best deal we can find in brand new condition from a reputable retailer. 
Outside of a brief Amazon Prime Day deal price at $150 off, this is on par with the best deals of the year and one of less than a handful of times we have tracked notable savings opportunities at Amazon. 
As of the time of writing, the black model with the Ocean Band is the only configuration catching a solid discount. But if this deal is anything like last go around, we might very well see additional color configurations dropping in price today and throughout the week. 
Update:
If it’s the Series 11 you’re after, you can score one of those for a whole lot less than this right now:
Amazon is carrying over summer sale pricing on AirPods Pro 3 into August, alongside the all-time low on AirTag 2, but it has also brought back the deals on just about all of the most popular (and affordable) Apple Watch Series 11 models at $100 off with deals starting from $299. 
Amazon is now once again offering all of the base GPS-only Apple Watch Series 11 models at $100 off the list prices with the 42mm model down at $299 and the 46mm model at $329. 
These are the same deals we were tracking for the summer Prime Day festivities, and then again at various times in July, but you are getting another shot at them again here today. As of the time of writing, only the base GPS-only models are seeing notable discounts – there are some offers on the GPS + Cell variants but they are, by and large, not sitting down low enough for us to recommend pulling the trigger 
It appears as though Amazon is having a hard time keeping the base 42mm Jet Black in stock right now, but it does also look like there’s a good chance it will return at anytime now – all 46mm colors options are in stock at $100 off. 
The official Apple Certified Refurbished Store is delivering the lowest price on M5 MacBook Air right now. Pricing on the base model M5 13-inch recently went up, but you can score one directly from Apple with a full 1-year warranty down at $1,099 shipped – you can’t even get an open-box model from the big retailers at a price this low – and you’ll other configurations at up to $240 off the list price directly from Apple.
Best Buy has now updated and launched a new August Back To School Sale event. Alongside the usual Deals of the Day offers, Best Buy has now updated its main sale page with a series of new offers on everything from laptops and Apple gear to smart TVs, dorm-ready coolers and fridges, Galaxy tablets, and more. 
We are still tracking up to $500 off the list prices on M5 Pro MacBook Pro models, but if you’re looking to take it up a notch Amazon is also offering a major $500 price drop on the 36GB M5 Max MacBook Pro right now as well. 
Amazon has the 14-inch M5 Max MacBook Pro with 36GB of RAM and the 2TB storage capacity down at $3,599 shipped right now. 
This is the 18-core CPU and 32-core GPU base model M5 Max – the most affordable model you can buy at a giant $500 off the list price right now now. This deal is live on both the Space Black and Silver colorways. 
Now clearly, despite being the entry M5 Max we are still talking about a pricey machine here. But this is also Apple’s most powerful chip with a 32-Core GPU (the base M5 Pro machines have a 16-Core GPU). It’s certainly not for everyone, but we wanted to make sure these deal was on the radar for anyone who might be looking towards one of these beast mode MacBooks this summer. 
For the rest of, there are plenty of solid discounts live on the far more affordable MacBook Pro machines this week:
Alongside a host of discounts on ultra-affordable Blink smart home gear, Fire TV streaming sticks, and tech for the kids, Amazon is also now offering up to 38% off a series of the latest Ring smart doorbell releases starting from $50. 
Joining the 30% price drop on the latest Retinal 2K Battery wireless model, Amazon is now offering the newest Ring Wired Doorbell Pro down at $199.99 shipped. 
Regularly $250 for the classic Deep Silver model, this is $50 off the list price and best we can find. You’ll also find $50 price drops live on the other three colors that carry list prices at between $260 and $265. 
Ring Wired Doorbell Pro delivers Retinal 4K video coverage of your front porch with up to 10x zoom, the ability to hear and speak to visitors without opening the door, and “true color, even in low light.” You’ll also land 3D Motion Detection that “pinpoints motion on your property so you’ll receive more precise alerts and fewer interruptions.”
Scope out our launch coverage from last September for more details. 
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Justin is a senior editor covering all things music for 9to5Mac, including our weekly Logic Pros series exploring music production on Mac and iOS devices. Justin is an audio engineer/producer with over 10 years experience in the music industry. "
73,2026-08-03,"Diamond Hill Capital, a First Eagle Investment Management company, issued its Q2 2026 investor letter for its “Large Cap Strategy”. A copy of the letter is a..."
74,2026-08-03,"Diamond Hill Capital, a First Eagle Investment Management company, issued its Q2 2026 investor letter for its “Large Cap Strategy”. A copy of the letter is a..."
75,2026-08-03,"SpaceX began trading on June 12, 2026, with an IPO price of $135 per share, giving retail investors an opportunity to buy into one of the world’s most closel..."
76,2026-08-03,"
Sign up with your email below to instantly access member features, newsletters and exclusive Insider perks


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest in phones
News, deals, reviews, guides and more…
Latest in computing
News, deals, reviews, guides and more on the newest computing gadgets

Start exploring exclusive deals, expert advice and more


Member Rewards


Unlock and manage exclusive Techradar member rewards.

Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
New watches and a new ring

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Casio is pushing further into wearables that can be used as fitness trackers and not just timepieces, with a couple of new watches and a revised version of its smart ring that can monitor some key health metrics while you're wearing them.
The smart ring is the Casio CRW-H001 (via Notebookcheck), which looks like a tiny watch that you slip on your finger — but can also keep tabs on steps, sleep, heart rate, and body temperature according to the product blurb. You can also use it to get alerts about incoming smartphone notifications.
It's a significant step up from the Casio CRW-001-1JR that was launched in 2024. That device was limited to telling the time, setting alarms, and stopwatch timers. There was no companion mobile app and nothing in the way of fitness tracking.
This latest version is a genuine smart ring, though for now it's only available in China for 1,990 yuan (about $295 / £220 / AU$420). Given that the Casio CRW-001-1JR eventually made its way to international markets, we're hopeful that this device will too.
 



On to the watches, and we have the new Casio ABL-100WE series on the Casio UK website (via Notebookcheck again): there's the ABL-100WE-2A (with a black finish) and the ABL-100WE-7A (with a silver finish).
Alongside the classic Casio looks, these watches give you step counting that can be synced to a smartphone via Bluetooth and displayed on the built-in screen. Extra features include water resistance and dual time zone support.
You don't get much in the way of fitness tracking, but it's something — the watches can send you alerts about meeting your step count goal for each day, if you want, and you're also able to see your recent progress in the form of simple graphs. Both models come with multi-row stainless steel bracelets.
Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
For now these models have only been spotted on Casio's UK website — where they're retailing for £70 (about $95 / AU$135) — so as with the smart ring we're waiting for news on global availability.
 



Follow TechRadar on Google News and add us as a preferred source to get our expert news, reviews, and opinion in your feeds.
Dave is a freelance tech journalist who has been writing about gadgets, apps and the web for more than two decades. Based out of Stockport, England, on TechRadar you'll find him covering news, features and reviews, particularly for phones, tablets and wearables. Working to ensure our breaking news coverage is the best in the business over weekends, David also has bylines at Gizmodo, T3, PopSci and a few other places besides, as well as being many years editing the likes of PC Explorer and The Hardware Handbook.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

TechRadar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
77,2026-08-03,"Ariel Investments, an investment management company, released its “Small Cap Value Fund” Q2 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here..."
78,2026-08-03,"
Join the club for quick access. Enter your email below and we'll send confirmation, and sign you up to our newsletter.


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest about Microsoft
Updates, launches and rumors.
Latest about AI.
AI updates, how-tos and comparisons in one place.

Explore your membership benefits.


Stay Ahead with Windows Central


Get the biggest gaming news, reviews, and releases straight to your inbox.

YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    Halo Campaign Evolved performed well on Xbox, but PS5 gamers give it a collective shrug 
                                

                                    Why Asha Sharma had to kill Phil Spencer's ""every screen is an Xbox"" vision
                                

                                    8BitDo’s Ultimate 3‑Mode is a standout budget controller with one flaw
                                
All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
The Duke is how many of us first played Halo all those years ago, and the new one is ripe for a nostalgia trip. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Those of us old enough to have played Halo: Combat Evolved when it was first around (I think we're boomers now?) will have probably done so with the most legendary of all Xbox controllers.
The Duke.
The absolute goliath of a controller that back then, in my teenage hands, felt like a dinner plate. But what a thing. Hefty, sturdy, a real piece of equipment. I adapted pretty quickly, having been used to the equally sizable Dreamcast controller, and have many fond memories of one of Xbox's most iconic franchises.
I hadn't even thought of digging out my Hyperkin Duke for Halo: Campaign Evolved until I came across a thread on Reddit simply calling it a ""nostalgia rush.""
It just feels right.
The only trouble is that if you don't already have one of Hyperkin's remade controllers, they're not as plentiful as they once were.
Right now you can only buy the white Xbox 20th anniversary edition, with the original black and the crystal green ones no longer in stock (unless you hunt a used one down.)
""If you've played any OG Xbox games on backwards compatibility, you have to buy this thing. Those games were designed specifically for those shiny white and black buttons, and it just feels so right having the Duke in hand when that backwards compatible Xbox boot screen loads up on your shiny modern TV."" ~ Jez CordenWindows Central Hyperkin Duke Review
The Hyperkin Duke is a perfect recreation of the original, except you can use it on modern Xbox consoles and your PC. The icing on the cake is the OLED panel in the giant center button that shows the OG Xbox boot-up screen when the controller is connected.
As my colleague, Jez Corden, wrote when first trying it out, this controller is built for nostalgia. Playing backwards compatible games with it just feels right. Halo: Campaign Evolved may be shiny and new, but it's as classic an Xbox game as you can get.
After all, the original incarnation of the game was the console seller back then. I'm not a massive Halo fan these days, but the original is the game that got me to buy an Xbox. The first time I played it at a friend's house with a Duke, all of my next paycheck from my part-time job was used to buy a console and a copy of Halo.
I haven't played Campaign Evolved yet, but suddenly I have the urge to dig out my green Duke from the box of many things in the attic and get to it. Better still, I guess, now we're also getting original Xbox backwards compatible games on PC, too.
Oh, and if the Duke is a little too big, you can still buy the smaller Duchess from Hyperkin, too. Same nostalgia, smaller size.
 



Join us on Reddit at r/WindowsCentral to share your insights and discuss our latest news, reviews, and more.
Richard Devine is the Managing Editor at Windows Central, where he combines a deep love for the open-source community with expert-level technical coverage. Whether he’s hunting for the next big project on GitHub, fine-tuning a WSL workflow, or breaking down the latest meta in Call of Duty, Forza, and The Division 2, Richard focuses on making complex tech accessible to every kind of user. If it’s happening in the world of Windows or PC gaming, he’s probably already knee-deep in the code (or the lobbies). Follow him on X and Mastodon. 
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
79,2026-08-03,"Greystone Capital Management, an investment management company, released its second-quarter 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here..."
80,2026-08-03,"Janus Henderson Investors, an investment management company, released its “Forty Fund” Q2 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here...."
81,2026-08-03,"Ariel Investments, an investment management company, released its “Small Cap Value Fund” Q2 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here..."
82,2026-08-03,"When the Googlebook was first announced, not much was known about it beyond that it’s based on Gemini, has a glowbar that does…something, and represents closure for Chromebooks.
Now we have images that show some of the new lineup. First, there’s a leak of renders of the Lenovo Googlebook 15 surfaced by Digital Citizen. Then there are images of a Lenovo 2-in-1 tablet from Android Headlines. 
There are multiple pathways for the Googlebook and Chromebooks to coexist; it all comes down to how Google plays the hand
Lenovo was named as one of the first partners that would be building the Googlebook. This batch of images is reportedly the full press image set for the Googlebook 15. 
Google branding is prominent, with the Googlebook name stamped to the left of the touchpad and a dedicated Gemini key marked with a “G” in the familiar Google Sans font. 
The 15-inch display has a privacy shutter that slides over the camera in its bezel. As for ports, there’s an HDMI, two USB-C, and one USB-A port. There’s also an SD card reader, as well as a 3.5mm headphone jack. The speaker grilles are labeled as Dolby Atmos. 
Googlebooks will not be restricted to traditional laptops. There’s also a 2-in-1 design from Lenovo. 
Android Headlines published images of what looks like a typical Android tablet but with the same type of Googlebook branding as the Googlebook 15. The Googlebook name again appears to the left of the touchpad and there’s the same dedicated Gemini key. As with the Googlebook 15, the speakers are Dolby Atmos. 
The first Googlebook lineup is expected to be shown this fall at IFA. It will feature laptops from Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, and Lenovo. 
Googlebooks will be more expensive than their Chromebook predecessors. It’s a move that could open up a competitive landscape in the education market which Google has dominated for some time but is now challenged by the MacBook Neo that starts at $599 with educational pricing. 
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved
This space is open for discussion.
Be the first to share your thoughts.

The best of Android Police, directly in your inbox.
By subscribing, you agree to receive newsletter and marketing emails, and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe anytime."
83,2026-08-03,"The unusual funding method backed a joint U.S.-Japan move that lifted the yen to 157 per dollar, but economists say it won't fix underlying issues"
84,2026-08-03,"Janus Henderson Investors, an investment management company, released its “Forty Fund” Q2 2025 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here...."
85,2026-08-03,Worries over increased competition from China sent semiconductor stocks lower on Monday.
86,2026-08-03,"ByJoel Shulman,
Contributor.
Edited bySophia Acevedo,
Associate Editor.
SpaceX (SPCX) reports its first public earnings on August 4. It faces high investor scrutiny after a volatile stock debut. The company operates across space, connectivity (Starlink) and AI, with Starlink being the key value driver and AI representing significant capital expenditure and uncertainty. Analysts have wide-ranging expectations due to the new corporate structure and massive AI investments. Beyond financial results, market dynamics like lock-up expirations on August 6 and substantial short interest will heavily influence the stock. Investors must differentiate between strong business fundamentals and complex market mechanics.
Space Exploration Technologies Corp. (NASDAQ: SPCX) reports second quarter results after the close on Tuesday, Aug. 4, marking its first earnings report as a public company. 
Few companies have entered their inaugural earnings release under comparable circumstances. After pricing at $135 per share in June's record-setting IPO and reaching an intraday high of $225.64 on June 16, the stock closed at $112.55 on July 28, roughly half its peak and approximately 17% below the offering price. Options markets are pricing an implied move of roughly 15% following the earnings release.
The earnings release arrives as investors attempt to reconcile two very different narratives. The operating business continues to expand across launch services, satellite broadband and artificial intelligence, while the stock has weakened under the weight of valuation concerns, unprecedented AI capital expenditures, lock-up expirations and one of the largest short positions in the market. The distinction is important because improving business fundamentals and near-term share price performance are not always driven by the same factors.
This will be the first opportunity for public investors to evaluate audited quarterly results for what has evolved into a three-segment enterprise. Following the integration of xAI and X in February, SpaceX is no longer simply a launch company supported by a broadband business. The company now reports results across space, connectivity and AI — with the AI segment consuming capital faster than the other two businesses combined.
The lack of operating history under the new corporate structure has produced an unusually wide range of analyst expectations. Consensus earnings estimates span from a loss of $1.26 per share to a profit of $0.33, highlighting the uncertainty surrounding AI investment, future monetization and capital allocation. Rather than focusing solely on whether earnings exceed consensus, investors are likely to place greater emphasis on Starlink profitability, AI spending, launch economics and management’s outlook for the rest of 2026.
Starlink remains the company’s most valuable business and the principal driver of long-term intrinsic value. While often viewed as a single broadband platform, the S-1 describes five distinct businesses operating on the same satellite constellation: residential, business, maritime, aviation and government. Each serves a different customer base, carries different margins and contributes differently to long-term profitability.
The economics vary dramatically. Aviation generates annual revenue approaching $300,000 per aircraft compared with roughly $960 for a residential subscriber, a pricing differential of more than 300-fold. Subscriber growth alone provides only part of the investment story. The more meaningful question is whether the revenue mix continues shifting toward the higher-margin commercial and enterprise offerings.
Connectivity generated $11.4 billion of revenue and $4.4 billion of operating income during 2025, with operating income more than doubling year over year. Investors will focus carefully on any additional disclosure around customer mix, pricing, margins and capital efficiency, as those metrics are likely to provide a clearer indication of long-term earnings power than headline subscriber additions.
If Starlink represents the foundation of the investment thesis, artificial intelligence represents its largest uncertainty.
AI capital expenditures reached $7.72 billion during the first quarter of 2026 alone, compared with $12.73 billion during all of 2025. Consensus expectations project total company capital expenditures of approximately $48.7 billion this year, increasing to roughly $118.4 billion by fiscal 2028.
The broader market has become increasingly skeptical of AI spending that lacks visible returns, making capital allocation one of the most important topics on the earnings call. Investors are no longer questioning whether companies can spend aggressively on AI infrastructure. The focus has shifted toward when those investments begin producing durable cash flows and acceptable returns on invested capital.
One disclosure deserves particular attention. The prospectus indicates that Anthropic pays approximately $1.25 billion per month for compute capacity through 2029 under an agreement that may be terminated by either party with 90 days' notice. While the contract provides substantial recurring revenue, its relatively short termination provision makes customer concentration and renewal risk important variables to monitor.
Launch operations remain the foundation upon which the broader SpaceX ecosystem is built. The company's ability to launch its own satellites at costs unavailable to competitors continues to reinforce the economics of Starlink and its expanding AI infrastructure.
SpaceX completed 165 orbital launches during 2025 and another 40 during the first quarter of 2026. Only seven of those first-quarter launches served external customers, while 33 supported Starlink deployment and AI infrastructure. Those internal missions do not generate reported launch revenue, yet they substantially reduce transportation costs across the broader enterprise. SpaceX has effectively become its own largest customer, transforming launch capability into a competitive advantage that extends well beyond the space segment.
PitchBook estimates the launch business generated approximately $5.2 billion of revenue and $1.7 billion of EBITDA during 2025, representing a margin of roughly 33%. Investors will likely focus on any discussion surrounding starship development, launch cadence and further reductions in launch cost per kilogram, all of which could improve profitability across the broader enterprise.
Wall Street has not reached a meaningful consensus on SpaceX's valuation. Thirty-four analysts surveyed by S&P Global assign an average 12-month price target of $236.71, yet published estimates range from $62 to $800. 
A $738 dispersion for a company of this size says less about valuation than it does about uncertainty. Analysts generally agree on the economics of Starlink and the launch business. The disagreement centers almost entirely on the pace at which AI investments will convert into sustainable earnings and free cash flow.
Applying ERShares’ proprietary VC Lens framework, SpaceX continues to score highly on the Entrepreneur Factor. Elon Musk remains the founder CEO, owns approximately 42% of the economic interest, controls 82.4% of the voting power and continues allocating capital across businesses with unusually high barriers to entry. Those characteristics have historically created substantial long-term shareholder value.
At the same time, execution risk has increased. Management attention is now divided among launch services, satellite broadband, artificial intelligence, a global social platform and Tesla. Since reaching its June high, SpaceX has surrendered roughly the market capitalization equivalent of an entire Tesla. Even so, current valuation increasingly appears supported by Starlink's cash-generation potential alone. That should not be interpreted as evidence that the stock has established a near-term trading floor.
The greatest risk surrounding SpaceX may not be the earnings report itself, but the sequence of events that follows.
The first lock-up expiration occurs on Thursday, Aug. 6, just two trading days after earnings, releasing up to 911.5 million shares, representing approximately $103 billion at current prices and more than 1.6 times the existing public float. A second tranche of 455.8 million shares required the stock to remain above $175.50 for five of the 10 trading sessions preceding earnings and, based on current trading levels, is not expected to be released. Even so, Thursday should not be viewed as the end of the supply overhang. Additional lock-up tranches are scheduled 70, 90, 105, 120 and 135 days after the offering, followed by another 28% after third-quarter earnings. The remaining shares are released in December, while Musk's holdings remain restricted until mid-2027.
The implication is straightforward. Investors anticipating a single supply event are likely underestimating the duration of the process. The increase in tradable shares is scheduled to unfold over several months rather than a single trading session.
One consequence of the expanding public float has received considerably less attention. While additional shares increase potential selling pressure, they also increase the float-adjusted market capitalization used by major index providers when determining constituent weights.
If SpaceX is added to widely followed benchmarks such as the Nasdaq-100, passive investment vehicles, including the Invesco QQQ Trust (QQQ) and other index-tracking funds, funds would generally be required to purchase shares based on the company's assigned weighting. As additional lock-up tranches are released and the public float expands, SpaceX may become eligible for larger passive allocations than would have been possible immediately following its IPO.
This creates an important offset to the supply narrative. Investors often focus on newly unlocked shares entering the market while overlooking the possibility that a larger float can also support greater institutional and passive ownership over time. The net effect will depend on both investor selling decisions and future index inclusion, but the relationship is more nuanced than a simple increase in supply.
Market structure presents a second risk that receives considerably less attention.
According to S3 Partners data as of last Saturday, July 29, approximately 219 million shares were sold short, representing approximately $25 billion of exposure, or about 34% of S3's float measure. Utilization had reached 94.4%, leaving only 12.79 million shares available to borrow, down from approximately 34 million one month earlier. At the recent pace of borrowing, that remaining inventory could be exhausted within a day or two of the earnings release.
That distinction matters because restricted shares cannot be lent. Once existing borrow inventory is depleted, additional short selling becomes constrained by share availability rather than investor demand. The Aug. 6 lock-up expiration therefore changes more than the supply of tradable shares. It also replenishes the securities lending market by making newly unlocked shares available for borrowing, effectively removing the mechanical ceiling that has limited additional short positioning.
The composition of the current short interest may prove equally important.
The observed trading behavior appears more consistent with hedging activity than with traditional directional short selling. Short interest increased from roughly 120 million shares on June 30 to 217.4 million shares on July 29 while the stock declined from approximately $170 to $116. Directional investors sitting on gains of that magnitude would typically reduce exposure, particularly with days to cover of only 3.07. Instead, aggregate short interest continued to expand throughout the decline.
The economics point in the same direction. Borrowing shares at approximately 3.86% represents a financing cost of roughly $2.7 million per day on approximately $25 billion of short exposure. That remains materially less expensive than establishing equivalent downside exposure through options immediately ahead of an earnings event implying a 15% move. A rational hedger would be expected to exhaust the lowest-cost instrument first before migrating to more expensive alternatives. That sequence is precisely what has occurred.
This distinction carries important implications for how investors interpret post-earnings trading.
A conventional short seller must repurchase shares in the open market to close a position. A shareholder hedging restricted stock generally does not. Once the underlying shares become freely tradable, those shares can simply be delivered against the borrowed position, allowing short interest to decline without creating incremental buying pressure.
That provides investors with a clear framework for evaluating the market's reaction after August 6. If short interest declines sharply without corresponding buy-side volume, the evidence would support the view that a meaningful portion of current short exposure reflected hedging activity. If short interest declines only alongside substantial buying, or remains elevated despite the expanded borrow supply, the market would be signaling a more traditional bearish view of the company's prospects.
Either outcome will provide important information. The distinction is likely to shape trading over the weeks following earnings as much as the earnings report itself.
I have an affiliation with Babson College, ERShares, the XOVR ETF and the Entrepreneur 30 Total Return Index (ER30TR). I am founder CEO of the XOVR ETF that holds a 14% weight ($200M+ position) in SpaceX. The intent of this article is to provide objective information. However, readers should be aware that I may have a financial interest in the subject matter discussed.
As with all equity investments, investors should carefully evaluate all options with a qualified investment professional before making any investment decision. Private equity investments, such as those held in XOVR, may carry additional risks, including limited liquidity, compared to traditional publicly traded securities. It is important to consider these factors and consult a trained professional when assessing suitability and risk tolerance.
SpaceX presents investors with an unusual combination of long-term operating momentum and elevated near-term trading uncertainty. The business continues to expand across launch services, broadband connectivity and AI, yet the stock faces a series of technical events that may influence trading independently of the company's underlying fundamentals.
Position sizing deserves as much attention as investment direction. Options markets imply a post-earnings move of roughly 15%, the stock has exhibited unusually high volatility since its IPO, and the first lock-up expiration follows only two trading days after earnings. Those factors increase the likelihood that short-term price movements will reflect market structure as much as operating performance.
Diversification within the space sector has provided little protection in recent months. Rocket Lab, AST SpaceMobile and Planet Labs have each declined more than 50% from their late-May highs, with concentrated space-related funds peaked around May 28 before moving sharply lower. Correlation across the sector has remained unusually high, suggesting that meaningful diversification for long-term investors requires exposure beyond the space industry itself.
Investors considering short positions face a different set of risks. Data from S3 Partners shows that short interest in SPCX is high, but the risk of a major short squeeze appears moderate. This suggests that most short sellers should be able to exit their positions without significant disruption.  
Those proprietary measures suggest that while short positioning has become exceptionally crowded, many existing shorts remain profitable and can exit relatively easily, with days to cover of only 3.07. A stronger-than-expected Starlink update could alter that dynamic quickly, particularly before additional borrow becomes available following the August 6 lock-up expiration.
SpaceX's first earnings report represents an important milestone, but it is unlikely to provide all of the answers investors are seeking. Starlink's operating performance, AI capital allocation and launch economics will shape the company's long-term value, while lock-up expirations, securities lending, and short positioning may have a greater influence on near-term trading. Separating business fundamentals from market mechanics may prove to be the most important takeaway from SpaceX's first earnings season.
When Is SpaceX's First Post IPO Earnings Report?
SpaceX (NASDAQ: SPCX) is scheduled to report its first quarterly earnings as a public company after the market closes on August 4, 2026. The report comes just two trading days before the first major lock up expiration on August 6, making it one of the most anticipated earnings releases of the year. 
Why Is SpaceX's First Earnings Report Important?
This will be investors' first opportunity to evaluate SpaceX's audited operating results as a public company for what is now a three segment enterprise spanning space, connectivity and AI, following the February 2026 integration of xAI and X. Investors will focus on Starlink profitability, AI capital spending, launch economics, management guidance and capital allocation. Market mechanics, including lock up expirations, securities lending and short positioning, may also have a significant influence on the stock's near term performance.
What Is SpaceX's Stock Ticker Symbol?
SpaceX trades on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol SPCX. The company completed its historic IPO in June 2026. Since then, the stock has experienced significant volatility as investors balance exceptional long term growth opportunities with elevated AI spending and technical market factors.
Why is Starlink So Important to SpaceX's Valuation?
Starlink is widely viewed as SpaceX's most valuable operating business and the principal driver of long term intrinsic value. It generated $11.4 billion of revenue and $4.4 billion of operating income in 2025, with operating income more than doubling year over year. While subscriber growth remains important, investors are increasingly focused on the mix of enterprise, aviation, maritime and government customers, which generate substantially higher revenue and margins than residential subscribers. The S-1 describes five distinct businesses operating on a single constellation, and the economics differ dramatically. Aviation generates annual revenue approaching $300,000 per aircraft compared with roughly $960 for a residential subscriber.
What Should Investors Watch Most During the SpaceX Earnings Call?
Four issues are likely to dominate investor attention: Starlink profitability and customer mix; AI capital expenditures and expected returns; launch cadence, Starship progress, and launch economics and management's outlook for the remainder of 2026.
Together, these factors are likely to have a greater influence on SpaceX's long term valuation than whether quarterly earnings exceed consensus estimates. Consensus itself is unusually wide, spanning a loss of $1.26 per share to a profit of $0.33.
Disclosure: This article is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute investment, legal, or tax advice, no offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security is being made, readers should consult a qualified professional before making any investment decision. Investors should consult each fund’s prospectus and most recent disclosures before investing.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Please refer to the following link for additional disclosures: https://lnkd.in/e29X6rN"
87,2026-08-03,"At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life."
88,2026-08-03,"Investing

							Barclays' Matt Miksic targets $143 for Abbott, implying 35% upside, while Exact Sciences acquisition costs masked five consecutive adjusted EPS beats.													

							Abbott trades at 19x forward earnings with 54 straight dividend hikes; Boston Scientific carries 38% implied upside after collapsing 51% year to date.													

							CEO Robert Ford expects accelerating sales and earnings growth in H2 2026, with management raising full-year adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $5.45 to $5.60.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Abbott Laboratories didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Open Grid Scheduler / Grid Engine / Wikimedia Commons
Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT | ABT Price Prediction) currently trades at $105.70, while the Street’s consensus price target sits at $118.42, implying roughly 12% of upside. Barclays analyst Matt Miksic carries the highest active target at $143, translating to about 35% in gains from here.
Abbott is a diversified healthcare giant with a market cap near $182.9 billion, operating across medical devices, diagnostics, established pharmaceuticals, and nutrition. Wall Street prizes the company for its FreeStyle Libre continuous glucose monitor franchise, structural heart pipeline, and a dividend record spanning 54 consecutive years of increases.
The gap matters because the S&P 500 is up 9.55% year to date while Abbott has declined.
The catalyst was the $21 billion Exact Sciences acquisition that closed on March 23, 2026, creating earnings distortion. GAAP EPS in Q2 collapsed to $0.53 from $1.01 from $658 million in intangible amortization, $299 million in interest expense, and a $385 million legal reserve a year earlier. Quarterly earnings growth on a reported basis came in at negative 47.5%.
By the time Abbott filed Q2 results, shares had fallen from $127.12 Q3 2025 filing price to $89.79. Underneath the GAAP mess, adjusted EPS beat at $1.31 versus a $1.28 consensus, a fifth straight beat. Revenue reached $12.59 billion. The market focused on optics rather than operating trends.
Segment weakness reinforced caution. Nutrition fell 3.1%, U.S. Structural Heart dropped 9.8%, and rapid and molecular diagnostics slid 7.3% on soft respiratory season. Abbott is now down 14.08% year to date and 14.3% over the trailing year.
The bull case rests on adjusted earnings power that GAAP figures obscure. Management raised full-year adjusted EPS guidance to $5.45 to $5.60 and reaffirmed 6.5% to 7.5% comparable sales growth, both despite roughly $0.20 dilution tied to the Exact Sciences deal. CEO Robert Ford said the company expects “accelerating sales and earnings growth in the second half of the year.”
Miksic’s $143 target is anchored on FreeStyle Libre 3 adoption, gross margin expansion in medical devices, and steady growth from Navitor and TriClip in structural heart. Continuous glucose monitor sales hit $2.19 billion in Q2, up 10.5%, and Cologuard is running at mid-teens growth after the American Cancer Society reaffirmed it as preferred screening.
Across 28 analysts, coverage breaks down as:
Recent revisions have leaned lower even where Buy ratings stuck. UBS trimmed its target to $125 from $135 in late July while maintaining Buy. That pattern tells you analysts still like the underlying business but expect a slower path higher.
Medtronic (NYSE:MDT) trades at $85.39, down 9.59% year to date, with an average target of $98.44 for roughly 15% upside. Coverage is split with 18 Buys against 12 Holds.
Boston Scientific (NYSE:BSX) is the outlier. Shares sit at $46.73 after a 50.99% year-to-date collapse tied to two consecutive guidance cuts. The consensus target of $64.28 implies about 38% upside, with 27 of 31 analysts rating it Buy or better.
Danaher (NYSE:DHR) trades at $194.98, down 14.46% year to date. Its $227.96 target points to about 17% upside, with 22 Buys and 4 Holds.
Boston Scientific carries the largest implied upside, but only because it fell hardest. Against a more stable peer set, Abbott’s 12% consensus upside looks middle of the pack. Miksic’s 35% target is what makes the story interesting.
Abbott trades at $105.70, with a $118.42 consensus target across 28 analysts. Forward P/E is 19, and the dividend yields 2.35%.
Abbott is off 14.08% year to date while the S&P 500 is up 9.55%. Over one year, Abbott is down 14.3% versus 18.19% for the index. Shares have rallied 15.48% in the past month, suggesting the worst of the reset may be behind.
The bull case works if H2 2026 delivers the acceleration management has telegraphed. That means CGM sustaining double-digit growth against Dexcom, Cologuard compounding at mid-teens, Structural Heart U.S. stabilizing, and Exact Sciences dilution rolling off into 2027. If adjusted EPS lands at the high end of the $5.45 to $5.60 range and margins expand as Miksic expects, a re-rating toward the $130s becomes reasonable.
The bear case holds if GAAP earnings pressure lingers. Nutrition remains a drag, Structural Heart is bleeding U.S. share, and legal reserves keep appearing quarterly. If the CGM category compresses on price and Exact Sciences dilution stretches beyond guidance, this becomes a value trap.
The recent 15% monthly bounce, raised guidance, and fifth straight adjusted EPS beat point to a business executing while the tape catches up. At 19 times forward earnings for a healthcare compounder with 54 years of dividend hikes, the risk-reward profile favors a longer-term horizon.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Alex Sirois is a financial writer with experience spanning both retail and institutional investing. He has written for InvestorPlace and held roles at BNY Mellon and Bernstein, giving him a perspective that bridges Main Street portfolios and Wall Street analysis.
Alex holds an MBA from George Washington University and has built his career across multiple industries, including e-commerce, education, and translation — a breadth of experience that informs how he breaks down complex financial topics for everyday investors. His writing is conversational, actionable, and grounded in long-term, buy-and-hold investing principles.
At 247 Wall St., Alex focuses on delivering analysis that is both accessible and useful, with a clear emphasis on helping readers make more informed decisions with their money.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
JNJ is pruning its portfolio while Abbott just dropped $21 billion to expand into cancer diagnostics, and the two strategies…
Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT | ABT Price Prediction) at $90.53 is a Buy. The healthcare giant has been swept up in…
Wall Street still prices Abbott like a slow-and-steady dividend stalwart, but a pair of massive strategic moves beneath the surface…
Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT | ABT Price Prediction) is a stock with characteristics suited to multi-decade ownership, because its four-segment healthcare…
Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX | BSX Price Prediction) trades around $61, with analyst price targets ranging from $69 (conservative) to…
Abbott Laboratories (NYSE: ABT | ABT Price Prediction) has pulled back sharply in 2026. Our Wall St. price target for…
Whether Abbott Laboratories (NYSE: ABT | ABT Price Prediction) stock is at a good entry point depends on your investment…
Abbott and Danaher both reported Q1 2026 results, but the businesses underneath those numbers point in opposite directions, and choosing…
Abbott is down nearly 23% this year while Pfizer dangles a 7% yield, and both just beat Q1 estimates. One…"
89,2026-08-03,"The latest Datos x SparkToro State of Search Report is out and it’s something of a doozy. AI is certainly on the rise, search still hasn’t been replaced (it’s not even in the process of) and more people than ever stay in Google’s ecosystem.
June was a record low for the open web (via Google search)
Just 40% of searches in the US and 40.7% in the EU/UK send a click to the open web
In the US, 17.1% of all searches go to Google owned properties. In the EU/UK, it's up to 20.4% 
AI Mode usage has plateaued, maybe even dropped in the US. The EU/UK has more than twice the % of visits to AI Mode (0.29%) than the US (0.13%)
ChatGPT's share of desktop users has fallen in the EU/UK by 4PP or more
Knowledge and AI-websites gained in popularity, Google dropped out of the top 15 (in the US)
Rather than read it in its entirety, you can watch or listen to me talk about it here:
Nothing hugely surprising of course, however there are a couple of points that piqued my interest without making it into the headline findings.
Given the extraordinarily good state of Google’s revenues, I’m surprised to see such a significant reduction in paid clicks between Mar - June 2026. In the US they dropped from 2.3% to 1.3% and in the EU/UK, 2.4% to 1.4%.
Maybe Google has decided now’s the time to try something novel given how strong their advertising revenue base is. This does also coincide with record levels of users that stay on Google, or click through to another Google-owned property:
US: 17.1%
EU/UK: 20.4% (up from 17.1% in the previous month)
Maybe they have expanded AIOs in more territories recently (French rollout took place in July 2026), or given AI Mode a more significant push. We know these surfaces do not monetise as well advertising-wise as traditional interfaces.
This data corroborates in the EU/UK, but not in the US. One to hypothesise over.
In Europe, Wikipedia went from being the seventh most visited domain from search in Q2 2025 to the third most visited in Q2 2026. 
This feels like the antithesis of what we’d expect to see - who visits websites anymore?
Some people obviously, which is encouraging. My only slight hunch is that users are looking for ways to corroborate the information they are ingesting at a furious rate from less reliable sources.
Or, I suppose, Wikipedia may be ranking more effectively.
Navigational searches fell hardest on smaller engines - Yahoo, DuckDuckGo, Bing et al - all saw more significant drops in navigational searches than Google’s 22.9% - 16.4% in the US market. 
But informational searches rose significantly. In the US market, informational searches accounted for 59.69% in Q2 2025 compared to 65.12% in Q2 2026. The EU/UK saw a comparable rise over that same time period - 55.39% to 61.31%.
I’m not a statistician, but if this is based on share of search alone, then the ‘drop’ in navigational searches could be down to the far more significant rise in informational searches.
We know that AI visibility has measurable downstream impact and that AI excels in the research phase. While search is becoming less valuable here, AI usage may be increasing subsequent informational searches in Google.
There is, of course, far more in the report around desktop usage, searches per user, query length to name but a few. But to me, these are the headlines. 
SEO vs GEO is the wrong question - Jono Alderson
What’s an LLM? - WTF is SEO
How to fix non-indexed page issues - Daniel Foley-Carter
Leave a comment


No posts"
90,2026-08-03,"Investing

							CoreWeave and Oracle stocks climbed after President Trump called off planned Iran strikes, triggering a broad risk-on rally lifting beaten-down AI cloud names.													

							Nebius stock advanced on Monday but remained down since July 1, while the WCLD cloud-computing ETF's rise confirmed that the rebound is sector-wide rather than a single-name bounce.													

							BTIG raised its Snowflake stock price target to $340 ahead of Q2 earnings, citing strong demand signals and encouraging AI product traction.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Oracle didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© metamorworks / Shutterstock.com
Shares of AI cloud infrastructure names are pushing higher Monday morning as a broad risk-on tone lifts large-cap tech. CoreWeave (NASDAQ:CRWV) stock leads the group, up 11% to $79.60, while Snowflake (NYSE:SNOW | SNOW Price Prediction) shares climb 6% to $311 and Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) shares gain 5% to $136.
Nebius Group (NASDAQ:NBIS) stock is up 8% to $206, while the WisdomTree Cloud Computing Fund (NASDAQ:WCLD) tracks the group as the WCLD ETF is up 2% to $36 and change. The move reflects broader index strength, with the NASDAQ 100 up 0.7% on easing geopolitical concerns after President Trump called off planned strikes on Iran.
Monday’s rally in CoreWeave, Snowflake, Oracle and Nebius shares reflects a rotation back into AI-linked infrastructure, some of which had been under pressure for weeks.
The backdrop matters here for CoreWeave, Snowflake, Oracle and Nebius. Risk-on sessions tend to lift beta-heavy AI names disproportionately, and this group carries some of the highest revenue-growth profiles in cloud infrastructure, a combination that cuts both ways when sentiment shifts.
CoreWeave stock trades at $79.60 in early Monday action, recovering ground after a rough July that saw the shares fall 16% over the month. Today’s bounce plays into a broader pattern for beaten-down AI-infrastructure names catching a bid alongside the index.
Nebius shares show a similar rebound pattern. The stock advanced 8% to $206, still down from its July 1 level of $229.18, though the name remains one of the stronger AI cloud performers on a longer horizon.
Oracle is the largest name in the group by market cap. The stock is climbing 5% to $136 but remains down 29% year to date (YTD), so today’s pop reclaims only a slice of recent losses.
WCLD shares are up 2% to $36.21, offering a cleaner sector-level read than any individual name. The ETF holds a basket of cloud-software companies, so its move confirms that today’s action is broader than just the CoreWeave and Nebius rebounds.
Snowflake stock is the one name with a fresh company-specific data point today. BTIG raised its Snowflake price target to $340 from $325 and kept a Buy rating ahead of Snowflake’s Q2 FY2027 results.
The firm cited “strong” industry-contact commentary that left the firm more confident in near-term demand, plus encouraging data points on product initiatives including Cortex Code, Snowpark and Unistore, and broader AI-adoption tailwinds. Snowflake shares had already climbed 12% over the past month heading into Monday, so the raised price target lands into existing strength.
Snowflake also carries strong buy-side conviction on Wall Street. Analyst ratings tally 44 buys against 6 holds and 1 sell, with a consensus price target of $301.98. BTIG’s $340 mark now sits at the more constructive end of that range.
The valuations across these AI cloud names vary widely. Oracle looks comparatively reasonable at a 23.59x trailing 12-month P/E ratio, while Nebius sits at an elevated 77.7x. CoreWeave and Snowflake have no trailing 12-month profit and consequently carry no trailing P/E ratio.
The WisdomTree Cloud Computing Fund serves as an on-theme sector proxy for cloud-software names, and the ETF carries a 33.73x holdings-weighted P/E ratio. WCLD shares are not leveraged. Thematic funds like WCLD concentrate exposure inside a specific sector, so single-name shocks can move the ETF meaningfully.
The mix says something useful about how the group trades. When risk sentiment turns, these names tend to move together despite very different fundamental profiles, from Oracle’s cash-generative franchise to CoreWeave’s high-growth, unprofitable GPU cloud model.
The immediate question is whether Monday’s gains in CoreWeave, Snowflake, Oracle and Nebius hold into the close, or whether the group fades as the session progresses. CoreWeave and Nebius have been volatile, and both names have retraced meaningful chunks of prior rallies inside the past month.
Beyond today’s session, Snowflake’s Q2 FY2027 report is the next scheduled catalyst on the calendar, and BTIG’s raised price target frames the setup. Oracle’s Q1 FY2027 print is another data point on the near-term calendar that market watchers can weigh for the group.
For readers tracking sector sentiment, the WisdomTree Cloud Computing Fund offers a broader read on cloud-software breadth than any single name. If WCLD shares hold today’s gains while the underlying names fade, that could signal broader rotation into the theme rather than a narrow AI-infrastructure squeeze. Investors may want to size their positions carefully around a group this volatile.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
David Moadel is financial writer specializing in stocks, ETFs, options, precious metals, and Bitcoin. David has written well over 1,000 articles for leading online publications, helping investors understand markets, income strategies, and risk.
His work has appeared in The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, U.S. News & World Report, TipRanks, ValueWalk, Benzinga, Market Realist, TalkMarkets, Finmasters, 24/7 Wall St., and others.
With a master’s degree in education, David has taught at the elementary, high school, and college levels. That teaching background shapes his writing style: clear, educational, and practical. David has also built a loyal social-media audience by providing trustworthy financial content on YouTube, X/Twitter, and StockTwits.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Nebius is hemorrhaging 9% while Snowflake climbs and Cloudflare barely flinches, and the divergence reveals something important about which AI…
Oracle has shed a third of its value in weeks, and the obvious alternatives are moving in opposite directions. Before…
Oracle stock sits 28% in the red while cloud peers celebrate a banner year, and the gap comes down to…
A single analyst upgrade sent CoreWeave surging while cloud infrastructure peers like Cloudflare, Snowflake, and Oracle slid or stalled, raising…
NVIDIA just placed a massive bet on one AI cloud company, sending its stock into orbit and pulling two rivals…
Shares of Cloudflare (NYSE:NET | NET Price Prediction) are up 9% in midday trading to about $269 after Scotiabank upgraded…
AI cloud stocks whipsawed violently overnight, and now three names are staging jaw-dropping single-day recoveries for very different reasons. Whether…
Shares of CoreWeave (NASDAQ:CRWV) are up 10% in midday trading on Tuesday, with CoreWeave stock changing hands near $117. The…
Oracle just broke through a key technical floor while S&P Global questions whether its massive AI bet will swallow the…"
91,2026-08-03,"Investing

							Meta (META) trades at a 21 P/E, which is half Apple's 41, while growing ad revenue 27% annually, making it the cheapest and fastest-growing of the three.													

							Meta's free cash flow cratered from $9 billion to $784 million as capex soared to $145 billion, mirroring unpredictable hardware spend Buffett has historically avoided.													

							With 57 of 63 analysts bullish and a $825 consensus target, Meta at $557 today mirrors the setup Buffett exploited in Apple in 2016.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Apple didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

Among Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL | AAPL Price Prediction), Meta, and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), the stock a Buffett-style investor would most likely act on today is Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META), and at $556.71 it screens as the most attractive of the three on Buffett’s criteria. The stock is down 15.52% year to date while the business compounds at scale, exactly the dislocation Berkshire has historically hunted for.
Meta owns the largest advertising franchise on the internet, with 3.60 billion daily active people across its Family of Apps and $59.36 billion in quarterly ad revenue growing 27% year over year.
The current price reflects a market spooked by a 14.42% EPS miss and capex raised to $130 to $145 billion. Apple trades at a richer 41 P/E and Microsoft at 26, leaving Meta the cheapest of the three on trailing earnings.
Meta trades at a trailing P/E of 21 and a forward P/E of 19, with a PEG of 0.831. That is a franchise multiple on a franchise business. Gross margin sits at 82% and return on equity at 29.8%.
The Street is active. 57 of 63 covering analysts rate Meta a Buy or Strong Buy, with an average target of $824.68. Ad impressions rose 14% and pricing rose 12% in the latest quarter, a rare combination of volume and price power.
Free cash flow collapsed to $784 million from $8.55 billion a year earlier. Operating margin compressed to 31% from 43%. Long-term debt climbed to $83.66 billion and buybacks went to zero.
Buffett has never rewarded companies spending heavily on hardware they cannot depreciate on a predictable schedule. Reality Labs remains a cash sink, and youth-related legal matters heading to trial in 2026 could produce further material charges.
A Hold view rests on capex trajectory. Guidance has been raised at every quarterly update this year with no visible cap. If AI infrastructure spend does not translate into ad ROI or new enterprise revenue by 2027, margins could stay compressed for another twelve months.
Watching one more quarter of capex commentary and ad pricing costs little when the stock has already priced in bad news.
Meta trades at $556.71 against a consensus target of $824.68, implying meaningful upside if the Street is right. The 63 analyst consensus is unusually one-sided. The stock has declined 27.79% over the past year, sharply underperforming the S&P 500, which has posted positive returns over the same window.
Polymarket traders see the near-term range as constructive, pricing a 94.9% probability Meta touches $580 in August and 92.5% odds shares hold above $520.
At $556.71, Meta screens as the most attractive of the three on Buffett-style criteria.
Ad revenue is still growing near 30% and pricing power is intact. Once the market absorbs the 2026 capex peak and one-time legal charges roll off, free cash flow snaps back and the current sub-20x forward multiple looks like a gift.
Berkshire has never owned Meta, and Buffett has publicly avoided consumer internet names. Yet the setup today matches the pattern that led him to Apple in 2016 when the iPhone was seen as maturing. A dominant franchise trading at a market multiple after a sentiment-driven pullback. The P/E of 21 is below the S&P 500 average and attached to a business earning 30.1% net margins.
The thesis breaks if 2027 capex guidance again steps higher without clear revenue offset, or if legal outcomes exceed booked reserves. Track quarterly ad pricing, Reality Labs losses, and any commentary capping infrastructure spend.
At today’s price, buying Meta means paying a market multiple for the best ad business on the planet while the crowd looks the other way.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Vandita Jadeja is a financial copywriter who loves to read and write about stocks. She believes in buying and holding for long term gains. Her knowledge of words and numbers helps her write clear stock analysis. She has contributed to several publications, including the Joy Wallet, Benzinga, The Motley Fool and InvestorPlace.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Meta missed earnings, Apple beat and still sold off, and Amazon rallied on its strongest cloud growth in years. Three…
Meta just dropped 18% while spending at a scale that dwarfs most industries, and over 50 analysts think that gap…
Meta shed more than 15% this year while its ad engine quietly posted one of its strongest quarters ever, and…
Meta just got crushed on a quarter where ad revenue grew nearly 28% year over year, and the gap between…
Meta just snapped a six-quarter earnings beat streak while pouring capital into AI at a pace that crushed free cash…
Here is the trade of the decade: hyperscalers are spending hundreds of billions on AI infrastructure, and almost all of…
For retirement-focused investors weighing the two ad giants, the question is direct: Should you own Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL | GOOGL Price…
The Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting is in the rearview mirror, and investors are now parsing Greg Abel’s early portfolio moves…
Meta and Microsoft both reported the same week, both spending billions on AI infrastructure, yet Wall Street greeted them very…"
92,2026-08-03,"Windows has felt like an operating system that dictates the features you can use and actions you can perform for many years now. Each time I get a new PC or have to do a non-custom new install, it takes many hours to get past its stock behavior with locked taskbars, Copilot integration, and telemetry-driven settings I don't want.
Luckily, there is PowerToys — Microsoft's own, and ironically open-source, toolkit that contains more than 25 utilities that put control of the OS in users' hands. Also, with more utilities being added or updated in PowerToys, having ownership of Windows starts to mean something.
 Windows has never been the most open OS for users, but in recent iterations, Microsoft has been nailing down the foundation even more. The company has been introducing more default apps and services and adding ""features"" that users never asked for. There are more default behaviors that need to be changed, tweaked, or disabled than ever before. When purchasing a new PC, it seems like everything is locked down so much that you are only renting the product and don't actually own it, as compared to Linux, where you can tweak virtually every line of code to work with your system how you want it.
For instance, the Snap Layouts feature feels limited compared to FancyZones, which lets me create custom zones (not presets) on the screen for app windows and automatically resize to fit the layout I select. Or I can turn to Mouse without Borders to control more than one PC without a third-party software solution. Another tool I constantly rely on is Awake, which lets me bypass the PC's power settings with a click on the taskbar. In fact, I use most of the tools in the PowerToys suite to make Windows better.
These improvements could take Windows to the next level
 Some of the most impressive PowerToys utilities I've used help automate my workflow. One of the most helpful in that regard, which Windows doesn't do well natively, is Workspaces. It's a desktop manager that lets me set up a specific workflow, down to window sizes and app positions, and restore it exactly as it was with a click. It saves me from the repetitive act of relaunching apps all the time, and it lets me switch between workspaces with ease.
Other helpful tools I use for productivity include resizing images in bulk with the aptly named Image Resizer or Keyboard Manager to remap keyboard shortcuts for easier working sessions. Text Extractor is helpful when I need to grab text from images and don't want to open the Snipping Tool for its OCR.
It took me far too long, but I finally get PowerToys now.
There are features that fall short of expectations on Windows and things on other OSes that I wish would behave similarly. PowerToys gives me tools to change the way the UI behaves. The often-overlooked virtual desktops feature promised to improve productivity by allowing me to create different spaces. While it does fine, the Workspaces utility is far better by letting me create various sessions and switch between them.
One of the features I really appreciate on macOS is Quick Look, which lets me select a file, hit the space bar, and get a preview — helpful for multiple photos. Windows doesn't include that natively, but with the Peek PowerToy I can hit Ctrl + Space (or the keyboard combo I set) to preview files. I almost install PowerToys exclusively for FancyZones for better window behavior. The Always on Top tool is also useful for pinning a window on top of others with ease.
Why aren't you using PowerToys yet?
 PowerToys provides an overall improvement to Windows compared to using it straight out of the box. The Start menu seems archaic compared to the noticeably faster PowerToys Run, which works like a Mac Spotlight-style search for discovering files, folders, and apps. While I am a fan of third-party and open-source apps that improve my Windows workflow, having PowerToys at the ready means I don't have to install anything extra right away.
Whether it's a Windows behavior, being more productive, or something the OS doesn't offer, there is usually a PowerToy in the suite of utilities that I can rely on for the job. PowerToys make me feel invested in the operating system without having to find alternative solutions to trouble spots throughout Windows.
This search bar does much more than launch apps
I use many tools in the PowerToys package daily, and I would like to see them included by default. The toolkit makes me feel more in control of Windows while trying to get things done. Of course, it only takes a second to install the suite and turn what I use on or off.
On the other hand, developers keep adding new tools because they aren't explicitly part of Windows. There is more room for experimentation, and when a new tool comes, it generates excitement in the community.
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved
This space is open for discussion.
Be the first to share your thoughts.

The best of XDA, directly in your inbox.
By subscribing, you agree to receive newsletter and marketing emails, and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe anytime."
93,2026-08-03,
94,2026-08-03,"Most people associate sports cars with powerful engines, wide tires, and bad fuel economy. But what if you could have all that in a more fuel-efficient package that you could also push to its limits on the street? You can't really do that with the current crop of exorbitantly powerful machines; even our readers agree that some cars have too much power.
In this piece, every car we listed has plenty of power. Not enough to win races, sure, but they'll still put a grin on your face. These cars make for an enjoyable daily commute, and with some modifications, you can even bring them on the track. You'll probably even forget which side of the car your gas cap is on. Each of the sporty cars listed below has an EPA-rated combined fuel efficiency higher than 26 mpg, with some models offering over 30 mpg.
Oh, and there's also a bonus with choosing fuel-efficient sporty cars. Most models we listed follow Colin Chapman's ""simplify, then add lightness"" philosophy, which can make them even more fun on a twisty road than an ultra-high-performance machine. So, let's have a closer look at the cars that keep that blueprint alive.
The latest Prelude certainly stretches the definition of a sports car. It sure looks like one, with a fluid-yet-dramatic silhouette that honors traditional grand touring coupes. It drives like one, too; Honda equipped it with the suspension bits from the Civic Type R so it could be sharp around corners. We've previously shared praise for the 2026 Honda Prelude's handling, noting how it felt nimble without sacrificing ride comfort.
It's not very fast, unfortunately. Honda's decision to equip the Prelude with Civic Hybrid's power train is still baffling, as it severely damages the coupe's sports car credentials. The 2.0-liter electrified motor produces just 200 horsepower to handle the model's hefty weight of 3,242 pounds. For comparison, the 2026 Toyota GR86 weighs just 2,811 pounds, yet it packs a more potent 2.4-liter boxer with 228 horsepower. Unsurprisingly, the Prelude is slower to 60 mph; in Car and Driver's test, Honda's coupe reached the mark in 6.5 seconds, compared to 5.4 seconds for the GR86.
You can't get the Prelude with a manual, either, as it only comes with a CVT. Honda equipped it with an S+ Shift mode that mimics a quick-shifting automatic, which enhances the experience, but it's still not as engaging as a manual. Even with these downsides, though, no other sporty car beats the Prelude's EPA fuel economy figures of 46 mpg city, 41 mpg highway, and 44 mpg combined. For comparison's sake, the aforementioned manual-equipped GR86 is rated at only 23 mpg combined.
What if you want a lightweight sports car with a manual and a good fuel economy? Mazda might have exactly what you're looking for with its latest ND-generation Miatas. The 2026 MX-5 Miata is even lighter than the GR86 at 2,454 pounds, so despite packing its smaller 2.0-liter engine with 181 horsepower, it's almost as quick to 60 (5.5 seconds). The less powerful engine and lower weight also give it an edge over its closest rival in fuel economy; a manual-equipped 2026 MX-5 Miata is rated at 26 mpg city, 34 mpg highway, and 29 mpg combined.
Overall, it's a well-balanced, satisfying-to-drive machine with excellent steering and a slick six-speed manual transmission. The 7,500 rpm redline is another highlight, especially since the 2.0-liter four-cylinder is a relatively economical engine. Yet, for as much appeal as you can get from the MX-5 Miata's driving experience, the ND is ultimately a compromised machine. It seats only two people, and the trunk has a laughable capacity of only five cubic feet. For all those miles per gallon, it's not the most practical daily driver out there.
Mini has fully redesigned the Cooper for the 2025 model year, turning it into a more refined, sporty hatchback. It also lost the manual, now only being offered with a seven-speed dual-clutch transmission across the range. However, while it may not be as engaging as its predecessor, the latest Mini is still a surgical, corner-carving hatchback. Our own test of the 2025 Mini Cooper S mentioned that it turns ""daily commutes on crowded roads into fun zippy adventures.""
The sporty Cooper S model also packs quite the punch. It produces 201 horsepower and 221 pound-feet of torque from its 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine, enough to hit 60 in 6.3 seconds. As we found in our review, though, it feels significantly faster thanks to its torque-heavy bottom end. Car and Driver also measured a quicker 0-60 time of 5.8 seconds, so it's close in straight-line speed to the MX-5 Miata and GR86/BRZ twins.
The high-performance John Cooper Works model is even more potent, producing 228 horsepower and 280 pound-feet of torque from the same engine. However, the JCW is not significantly faster to 60 (at 5.9 seconds), probably because of the front-wheel-drive traction limitations. It's thirstier, too; the JCW has an EPA combined rating of 30 mpg, 27 mpg city, and 37 mpg highway, while the Cooper S is rated at an excellent 32 mpg combined, 28 mpg city, and 39 mpg highway. The latter actually has the same EPA rating as the regular, 161-horsepower Cooper, which reaches 60 mph a bit more lethargically (7.4 seconds).
The Golf GTI isn't as economical as the Mini. It has an EPA rating of 24 mpg city, 32 mpg highway, and 27 mpg combined. However, it's significantly more practical, offering more rear-seat room and a larger 19.9-cubic-foot trunk (the Mini has a tiny 8.9-cubic-foot trunk). The 2.0-liter turbo-four in the Golf GTI is brawnier, too, producing 241 horsepower and 273 pound-feet of torque. Today, it's only available with a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic, which helps the Golf GTI reach 60 in 5.6 seconds. It all makes for a fuel economy that hits 27 mpg combined, 24 mpg city, and 32 mpg highway.
However, you can search for a used Golf GTI with a stick shift; Volkswagen offered a six-speed manual option before it was discontinued for the 2024 model year. The 2022 Golf GTI with a manual was rated at 28 mpg combined, 24 mpg city, and 34 mpg highway, and its automatic counterpart had the same ratings outside of an extra mile per gallon for city driving. 2023 models had slightly-lower ratings of 27 mpg combined, 23 mpg city, and 32 mpg highway, with the automatic dropping the combined rating to 26 mpg and the highway rating to 30 mpg.
Numbers aside, the Golf GTI offers a sporty driving experience despite its FWD configuration. That's because it comes standard with a traction-enhancing limited-slip differential.  And, while the manual is more engaging, the dual-clutch gearbox is considered to be one of the best in the business.
The Honda Civic Si has always been the definition of a sporty, affordable, and fuel-efficient car. The latest generation, launched for the 2022 model year, doubled down on those ideals with a broader engine power curve and an improved six-speed manual transmission. Then, in the refreshed 2025 Civic Si, Honda stiffened the body to enhance the handling even further.
Our own tests of the 2025 Honda Civic Si came out very positive. Its sharp steering and handling made it feel as engaging as it is economical, and that remains true for the 2026 carryover model. It's practical, too; both seating rows are comfortable, and the 14-cubic-foot cargo capacity is excellent for a sedan.
Now, sure, the Civic Si isn't incredibly fast. Its 1.5-liter turbo-four produces 200 horsepower and 192 pound-feet of torque, which is only enough for a 0-60 time of 6.6 seconds. Yes, that makes it slower than the Prelude and even the Civic Hybrid, but the short-throw stick shift makes the Civic Si infinitely more engaging. However, because it's not crazy powerful, the 2026 Civic Si is also relatively economical. It's EPA-rated at 27 mpg city, 37 mpg highway, and 31 mpg combined.
The Jetta GLI often flies under the Civic Si's radar, but it remains an absolute sleeper hit for enthusiasts demanding a fun and practical crossover alternative. To begin with, it's peppier than its rival, thanks to the 2.0-liter turbo-four that produces 228 horsepower and 258 pound-feet of torque. It's also available with a six-speed manual, but you can also opt for a quick-shifting seven-speed dual-clutch automatic.
You're probably better off with the manual, though, as it's way more engaging and fun. Our review praised the precise shift feel and light clutch of the 2025 model (the 2026 Jetta GLI only received equipment and cosmetic upgrades, so it should drive similarly). Handling was also impressive; the 2026 Jetta GLI comes as standard with adaptive dampers, which tighten up the chassis without making it feel jittery of uncomfortable.
The auto-equipped Jetta GLI is quicker, with a 0-60 time of 5.6 seconds for the dual-clutch model and 6.0 seconds for the manual. In both cases, the Jetta GLI is significantly faster than the Civic Si. It's not as economical as its Japanese rival, but at 29 mpg combined, 36 mpg city, and 26 mpg highway, the stick-shift-equipped Jetta GLI is remarkably efficient for the performance it offers.
Not convinced that a sporty front-wheel drive car can be engaging? Then, you might want to have a look at the latest BMW 230i Coupe. BMW's entry-level coupe in the U.S. comes standard with rear-wheel drive, but you can also opt for all-wheel drive, even in the entry-level 230i model.
Equipped with a 2.0-liter turbo-four with 255 horsepower, the 230i Coupe has an estimated 0-60 time of 5.5 seconds with RWD, or 5.3 seconds for the xDrive model with AWD. However, practical tests showed the RWD 230i reaching the 60-mph mark in just 5.1 seconds, which is faster than most sporty cars on this list. Those numbers are even more impressive when considering how the 230i Coupe is rated at 30 mpg combined, 26 mpg city, and 35 mpg highway. The 230i xDrive's 28 mpg combined, 25 mpg city, and 33 mpg highway ratings are also impressive, given its hefty AWD mechanicals.
The 230i is also agile around corners, especially when you opt for the M Sport and Dynamic Handling packages. These include a stiffer suspension and electronic rear differential, which tighten up the handling even further. You can't get the 230i Coupe with a manual, though — an eight-speed auto is the only transmission offered. If your budget allows, you can have even more fun in the M240i Coupe. Equipped with a 3.0-liter turbocharged inline-six with 382 horsepower, the 240i Coupe rips to 60 in just 4.5 seconds, or 4.1 seconds with AWD. It comes with the M Sport goodies as standard, too, and it's rated at a solid 26 mpg combined, 23 mpg city, and 32 mpg highway.
A Mustang with a four-cylinder engine might like blasphemy to muscle car enthusiasts, especially since you can also have the latest Mustang with a fantastic 5.0-liter V8. However, while that version is rated at 19 mpg combined, the smaller four-cylinder EcoBoost engine increases that rating to 26 mpg. The Mustang EcoBoost is also rated at 22 mpg city and 33 mpg highway, compared to 16 mpg city and 24 mpg highway for the V8.
And it's not like the EcoBoost lacks potency. The 2.3-liter turbocharged engine produces 315 horsepower and 350 pound-feet of torque, giving it enough juice to reach 60 mph in 4.5 seconds. The only thing you lose from the V8 is its acoustic goldmine — and you can address that by opting for the $6,250 RTR Package for its Active Valve Performance Exhaust. Thanks to the smaller engine, the Mustang EcoBoost is also lighter than other variants, which results in more nimble and responsive handling.
You can have the same engine from the BMW 230i Coupe, but in a smaller and lighter form. Yes, Toyota's GR Supra doesn't carry the badge, but it's a BMW through and through. It shares the platform with the Z4 roadster, and the engine can be found in most BMWs. Like the 230i, the GR Supra 2.0 packs 255 horsepower, enough for a brisk 0-60 time of 4.7 seconds.
Now, sure, the Supra's 3.0-liter variant is a whole second faster. Toyota also never equipped the four-cylinder model with a manual, which the 3.0-liter received for the 2023 model year. However, the GR Supra 2.0 is over 200 pounds lighter, mostly over the front axle. Combined with its weight distribution of 50/50, this enhances the already stellar handling of the 3.0-liter model. On top of that, the 2.0-liter model is rated at 28 mpg combined, 25 mpg city, and 32 mpg highway, while the GR Supra 3.0 is good for 26 mpg combined, 23 mpg city, and 31 mpg highway.
Toyota sold the GR Supra 2.0 from 2021 to 2024. In other words, if you want one today, your only option is the used market. Still, this means you can get a low mileage example for around $40,000, which isn't a bad price for a sports car with BMW internals.
Saving on gas while having fun is great, but it's even better when you can also save on the initial purchase. Case in point: the 2018-2020 Honda Accord 2.0T, a sporty sedan that offered a six-speed manual or a 10-speed automatic transmission. Its 2.0-liter turbo-four is no slouch, either. It produces 252 horsepower and 273 pound-feet of torque, with the latter arriving at just 1,500 rpm. All that power in a model equipped with the 10-speed automatic is enough for a 0-60 time of 5.7 seconds. The auto-equipped Accord is a bit more economical at 27 mpg combined, 23 mpg city and 34 mpg highway, while the manual model is rated at 26 mpg city, 22 mpg city, and 32 mpg highway.
On top of that, this Accord generation is also good in twists and turns without being harsh over bumps. Throw in excellent interior room in both seating rows, a reasonably big 17-cubic-foot cargo area, and high-quality materials, and you have the recipe for a car that's both fun and practical. The best part: these Accords are relatively affordable today. Units with around 100,000 miles on the clock cost around $20,000, though you can find lower mileage models for just a grand or two more.
The Ford Fiesta ST might not be as spacious and practical as the Accord, but it has an edge in driving appeal. That's partially because it's equipped with a slick six-speed manual and has very responsive steering. It can handle corners really well despite being a front-wheel-drive machine. And at just 2,734 pounds, the Fiesta ST is significantly lighter than most sporty cars. As a result, it changes direction quickly, which makes it feel like a go-kart in the corners.
A quick look at the specifications might lead you to think the Fiesta ST is slow. Indeed, with a 0-60 time of 6.9 seconds, it won't light your world on fire. However, the 1.6-liter turbo-four produces 197 horsepower and 202 pound-feet of torque, so it has enough mid-range punch to get you out of corners quickly. Besides, the turbo-four is relatively economical, with 29 mpg combined, 26 mpg city, and 34 mpg highway EPA ratings.
The driving experience has never been the Fiesta ST's biggest weakness, though. It's a small car, so it has a cramped rear bench and a small cargo area. Still, you'll get a fantastic price if you're willing to live with those restrictions. Most used Fiesta STs are very affordable and cost less than $10,000, with low-mileage examples selling for $15,000.
Honda perfected the efficient sporty car formula way back in 1988 with the CRX Si. A true FWD classic, the CRX was launched in 1984 as a high fuel economy vehicle. It had incredible EPA ratings of 57 mpg combined, 51 mpg city, and 67 mpg highway thanks in part to its frugal 1.3-liter engine.
However, the Si variant took things a step further. While it was present in 1985, it was equipped with a 1.6-liter engine three years later. That allowed it to reach 105 horsepower and a curb weight of just 2,017 pounds, the CRX Si sprinted to 60 in 8.5 seconds. Honda also equipped it with an independent rear suspension, which, along with the low weight, gives the CRX Si responsive handling. The talkative steering and precise five-speed manual are the extra bits that made the CRX Si a true driver's car — one that was also good for as much as 32 mpg combined, 29 mpg city, and 36 mpg highway.
Granted, these EPA estimates aren't entirely up-to-date. The 1.6-liter Si is only rated at 28 mpg combined, 25 mpg city, and 33 mpg highway now. But those numbers still allow it to compete well with other cars on this list. It also helps that used CRX Si models are surprisingly affordable, often costing less than $15,000. But restoring a Honda CRX Si to its old glory will make it infinitely more desirable – even for those who aren't interested in top-tier mileage."
95,2026-08-03,"Login

Vlad 
03 August 2026


Sony Headphones

Sony's successful flagship noise-cancelling headphones, the WH-1000XM6, are now available in a new color: Olive Gray. That's right, Olive Gray, not Olive Green as you might have expected.
As you can see it has a very subtle shade of green - it's almost gray, but not quite. This is the sixth color option for the WH-1000XM6, joining black, Platinum Silver, Midnight Blue, Sand Pink, and Sandstone in the lineup.
Obviously, the new color doesn't change the specs in any way, so you're getting the same top-tier noise cancellation enabled by the QN3 processor, up to 30 hours of battery life with ANC on, LDAC and LC3 support, 3.5mm jack, USB-C charging, and foldable design.
You can get the Sony WH-1000XM6 in Olive Gray (or any other color) from Sony's official online store for $399.99 for a limited time (the RRP is $459.99). Amazon also has the headphones, but the Olive Gray color isn't in stock yet.



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2026 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use

"
96,2026-08-03,"
						By Rajesh Pandey • 9:40 pm, August 2, 2026

Apple can’t keep up with the MacBook Air’s demand due to the ongoing DRAM and NAND shortage. It is supposedly “struggling to keep the laptop in stock.”
Entry-level MacBook Air configurations are only available for shipping in late August, while custom configurations are listed for September delivery.

Mac mini and Mac Studio already have long lead times due to the DRAM and NAND crisis. They are backordered for months, with Apple discontinuing high-end memory configurations.
The company reportedly pushed back the launch of the M5 Max/Ultra-powered Mac Studio to later this year as it can’t source enough memory chips. 
That shortage is now affecting Apple’s most popular MacBook, the MacBook Air. As Bloomberg‘s Mark Gurman reports in his latest Power On newsletter, delivery times for the M5 MacBook Air stretch into late August or early September. 
It’s the same story in retail stores. One of the retail sources even said that “shipments of new units are more constrained than they can ever recall.”
The shortage comes despite Apple raising the MacBook Air’s starting price by $200 due to the steep increase in memory prices. Higher-end models received an even bigger price bump. 
While demand for Macs is elevated, the Air shortage is linked to the memory crunch. As a result, Apple is pushing customers towards the entry-level MacBook Pro.
The DRAM crisis will supposedly continue until at least 2028. And the situation isn’t going to get better anytime soon. So, long lead times may just become the new normal for in-demand Macs and other Apple devices.
Unless supply improves or demand drops, you may have to order your MacBook well in advance to get your hands on it. And expect the long lead times to affect other Macs and Apple devices in the future as well.        
Rajesh has been writing about consumer technology for over a decade, with a strong focus on iPhones, Macs and Apple’s ecosystem. He enjoys digging into Apple software updates, hardware changes, and discovering new Mac apps that make work faster and more enjoyable.
You can reach out to him at mail[at]rajeshpandey.me.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 

 


Our daily roundup of Apple news, reviews and how-tos. Plus the best Apple tweets, fun polls and inspiring Steve Jobs bons mots. Our readers say: ""Love what you do"" -- Christi Cardenas. ""Absolutely love the content!"" -- Harshita Arora. ""Genuinely one of the highlights of my inbox"" -- Lee Barnett.
Copyright © 2026 - Cult of Mac. All rights reserved.
A daily blast of Apple news, reviews, how-tos and deals, delivered straight to your inbox.
By signing up, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Thank you! You’ll be hearing from us soon.
Thank you! You’ll be hearing from us soon."
97,2026-08-03,"Despite the ongoing rise of AI across industries, film production is still a big deal when it comes to entertaining the masses. Perhaps you love a big-budget action movie or a cute indie film. Maybe you like binge-watching the latest television series on a streaming service or finding something unique online.
But while it may be entertaining to you, it can be tough work for those who actually create the media we enjoy, especially with changes in the film industry market. Some states have struggled in the past year to keep film industry types employed, while other states have found ways to tap into the market and entice more professionals to shoot movies and television shows in their state.
You might be surprised by some states that are losing the most jobs while still hanging onâand the states that have picked up the most new jobs in the industry in the past year.
The East Coast is seeing growth when it comes to jobs in the film industry, according to data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, compiled by Giggster. Rhode Island saw the most growth in jobs in 2025, with a 70.2% increase. It should be noted, however, that the industry in Rhode Island is small, with a total of 891 jobs in the field in 2025 compared to 524 a year earlier.
The biggest increase in number of jobs goes to New Jersey, which saw the second-highest growth rate for film jobs. The Garden State added 1,993 jobs in 2025, bringing its total to 7,803 positions. That change represents a 34.3% increase in positions.
For the states that made it into the top 10 for film industry job growth, one big advantage is that all 10 provide incentives for projects that commit to filming in their state. These states offer production tax credits, rebates, or grants depending on the state to attract film industry projects.
The top 10 states that saw the biggest percentage job growth in the film industry include:
1. Rhode Island 2. New Jersey 3. Utah 4. Missouri 5. Nevada 6. Nebraska 7. North Carolina 8. Pennsylvania 9. Arkansas 10. Washington, D.C.
The states that have the biggest film industries also saw the biggest declines in 2025.
California saw the largest number of jobs disappear in the film industry, with 12,920 jobs removed. Second-place Illinois saw a decline of 1,529, jobs while third-place Georgia dropped 1,370.
One of the big reasons that California lost so many jobs is that the state already has such a big total. Despite dropping almost 13,000 positions, California is by far still the largest employer in the film industry by state, with 111,400 film jobs. Second-place New York has less than half the number of film industry positions with 46,200.
One of the reasons California was able to maintain its position as the biggest employer in the film industry despite its job losses in 2025 is that it still offers lucrative tax credits and other incentives to keep jobs in the state, making it a good option for major productions.
On the other hand, Georgia had issues renewing its tax credits and other incentives, giving productions an excuse to cut their spending and go somewhere else.
Georgia and California joined these states that saw the biggest drops in the number of film industry jobs in 2025:
1. California 2. Illinois 3. Georgia 4. Louisiana 5. Florida 6. Hawaii 7. Colorado 8. South Carolina 9. Minnesota 10. Montana
Â© 2026 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved"
98,2026-08-03,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Tech > Mobile > Headphones
These headphones offer exceptional sound quality and best-in-class noise cancellation.

August 3, 2026, 2:12 pm ET
Save $62: The Sony WH-1000XM6 headphones just dropped to $398, a 13% discount and only $20 more than the lowest price we’ve seen during Amazon Prime Day sales.
Sony’s WH-1000XM6 headphones have not only won a CNET Editors’ Choice Award, they’re also our top overall pick for the best noise-canceling headphones. This is an incredible chance to get some of the best headphones on the market for a nearly all-time low price.

						Sony WH-1000XM6					
The Sony WH-1000XM6 feature advanced processors and an adaptive microphone system that come together to deliver powerful noise cancellation. The headphones include 12 built-in microphones to detect external noise and counteract it with sound waves for effective noise cancellation and clear call quality.
In his review of the Sony WH-1000XM6, CNET audio expert David Carnoy praised the headphones for their “excellent noise-canceling and voice-calling performance.” He went as far as to say that the WH-1000XM6 offered “arguably the best noise canceling” he’d experienced to date.
The headphones also offer exceptional sound quality. David noted that the WH-1000XM6 offers “smoother, more detailed sound, better midrange clarity and slightly better bass performance” compared to the previous iteration, the Sony 1000XM5.Snag these top-of-the-line headphones now for $398. For more headphone savings, take a look at our full roundup on the best Prime Day headphone deals going on right now. 
While the Sony WH-1000XM6 are our top overall pick for the best noise-canceling headphones, they’re not the only option worth considering. The Apple AirPods Max 2 also earned a spot on our list as the best premium noise-canceling headphones for Apple users, and they’re on sale now for $449.
If you’re already using other Apple ecosystem devices, AirPods are a natural choice. In his review, David said: “They’re easily among the top noise-canceling headphones and offer some real advantages for Apple users.” The headphones deliver personalized spatial audio when paired with Apple devices.
When David compared the sound on the AirPods Max 2 and Sony WH-1000XM6, he found that “the Max 2 offers more clarity and dynamic sound while the XM6s are a little warmer and more forgiving.”

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
