,date,content
0,2026-08-24,"The UK job market is looking grim for people fresh out of university.
According to the latest UK Job Market Report from job-matching platform Adzuna, the company's index — which aggregates online listings from more than 1,000 sources — counted an average of 8,383 live UK graduate vacancies in July.
That's down 45.6% from July 2025 and the lowest level since Adzuna launched the monthly series in April 2016. The figure has collapsed from more than 55,000 at its mid-2017 peak.
Are you a recent graduate getting creative as you try to land a job in this job market?
Get in touch with this reporter to share your story: ghennessy@insider.com.
Adzuna's broader entry-level category was less stark but still weak, falling 8.1% year over year. Across the market, vacancies also declined, while competition for each opening increased.
""July's numbers are a step backwards, not a blip,"" Andrew Hunter, Adzuna's cofounder, said in a press release on Monday.
""We'd been watching things improve gradually for months, but that stopped in July. The graduate job market also keeps setting new lows, which tells us employers still haven't found a reason to open up hiring at that level.""
Findings from Indeed also point to a decline in listings, albeit a less dramatic one. In a report published on the 3rd of August, Indeed said postings with ""graduate"" in the title were down about 7% year over year as of July 10, their lowest level for that point in the year since 2020.
The squeeze reflects more than one problem. Employers are contending with a sluggish economy, higher costs, and uncertainty. AI is also reshaping the bottom rungs of the career ladder by taking on routine work once assigned to junior employees.
A PwC analysis, released in June and based on more than 1 billion job ads globally, found that US entry-level roles exposed to AI were seven times more likely to require traditionally senior-level skills than comparable roles were in 2019.
Create a BI Job Scout and get opportunities matched to your goals.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Companies are responding in different ways. EY has turned an eight-week internship into a yearlong residency to build judgment and critical-thinking skills, while PwC's UK arm cut its graduate intake amid economic weakness, AI, and offshoring.
There are bright spots for entry-level workers: IBM, LinkedIn, and other employers are expanding early-career engineering programs, betting that AI-native graduates can be an advantage.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
1,2026-08-24,"Besuchen Sie Golem.de wie gewohnt mit Werbung und Tracking,
            indem Sie der Nutzung aller Cookies zustimmen.
            Details zum Tracking finden Sie im Privacy Center.
        

                Skript wurde nicht geladen. Informationen zur Problem­behandlung finden Sie
                hier.
                (Referenz-Link zur Seite)            
Um der Nutzung von Golem.de mit Cookies zustimmen zu können,
                    muss Javascript in Ihrem Browser aktiviert sein.
                
Um der Nutzung von Golem.de mit Cookies zustimmen zu können,
                müssen Cookies in Ihrem Browser aktiviert sein. Weitere Informationen finden Sie
                hier.
            
Die Zustimmung in einem iFrame ist nicht möglich.
Seite in eigenem Fenster öffnen.
            
Der Zustimmungs-Dialog konnte nicht korrekt geladen werden,
                eine Zustimmung gilt nur vorläufig. Informationen zur Problem­behandlung finden Sie
                hier.
            

            Die Möglichkeit zum Widerruf finden Sie
            in unserer Datenschutz­erklärung
            oder über den Link Cookies & Tracking am Ende jeder Seite.
        
Mit Golem pur ab 3 Euro pro Monat können Sie Golem.de ohne Analyse- und
            Werbe­cookies nutzen, es kommen nur für unser Angebot erforderliche Cookies zum Einsatz.
        

            Bereits Pur-Leser?
            Hier anmelden.            Kein aktives Abo vorhanden.

Für die Nutzung mit Werbung:
            Wir erheben personenbezogene Daten und übermitteln diese auch an bis zu 160 Drittanbieter,
            die uns helfen, unsere Webseite und Angebote zu verbessern und zu finanzieren.
            Eine Verarbeitung der auf Ihrem Gerät gespeicherten Informationen - z. B. Cookies
            oder persönliche Identifikatoren wie IP-Adressen - sowie Ihres individuellen Nutzungsverhaltens
            erfolgt dabei zu den folgenden Zwecken:
        
Für die Ihnen angezeigten Verarbeitungszwecke können Cookies, Geräte-Kennungen
                    oder andere Informationen auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert oder abgerufen werden.
                
Anzeigen und Inhalte können basierend auf einem Profil personalisiert werden.
                    Es können mehr Daten hinzugefügt werden, um Anzeigen und Inhalte besser zu personalisieren.
                    Die Performance von Anzeigen und Inhalten kann gemessen werden.
                    Erkenntnisse über Zielgruppen, die die Anzeigen und Inhalte betrachtet haben, können abgeleitet werden.
                    Daten können verwendet werden, um Benutzerfreundlichkeit, Systeme und Software aufzubauen oder zu verbessern.
                
Es können genaue Standortdaten verarbeitet werden,
                    um sie für einen oder mehrere Verarbeitungszwecke zu nutzen.
                "
2,2026-08-24,"Australian data centres will draw 13% of the national electricity market by 2035-36, up from 3% today, according to the grid operator AEMO. That is almost a sevenfold rise, arriving as 13 gigawatts of coal retires and more than a third of the project pipeline has already been cancelled.
Australian data centres will take 13% of the country’s main electricity market by 2035-36, up from 3% today. That is almost a sevenfold rise in a decade, according to the Australian Energy Market Operator. Keira Wright reported the forecast for Bloomberg.
The figure lands in AEMO’s annual Electricity Statement of Opportunities. The document is the operator’s read on whether supply will meet demand across the National Electricity Market over the coming decade, and it is the one utilities and governments plan against.
Data centres will draw 34 terawatt hours a year from the National Electricity Market by 2035-36, on AEMO’s projection. The market operator published the forecast at a moment when the country is closing most of its old baseload.
Roughly 13 gigawatts of coal-fired plant will retire within the decade. Almost 2 gigawatts of gas generation will go with it.
Those two sets of numbers do not subtract from each other. The data centre forecast counts energy over a year, in terawatt hours. The retirements count capacity at a moment, in gigawatts. They describe different things.
“Data centers are particularly influential because they operate relatively consistently throughout the day and across seasons, similar to large industrial loads,” AEMO said in its report.
That flatness is the problem. A steady draw presses on the system during the hours when everyone else has switched off. Those are the hours when the grid runs thinnest.
Most large loads follow a pattern a planner can anticipate. Factories run shifts, households cook dinner, air conditioning tracks the weather. A rack of accelerators does none of that.
The outlook is not all strain. Generation and storage connections more than doubled last year’s record, and AEMO says that has improved the reliability picture.
Last year was already a high-water mark. Record clean energy additions eased blackout fears in August 2025, Bloomberg reported at the time. This year beat it.
About 9 gigawatts of new generation and storage reached full output in 2025-26. That is double the year before.
“A significant amount of new capacity is expected to be delivered between now and the early 2030s,” AEMO chief executive Daniel Westerman said in a statement. It will help “replace retiring generation and support growing electricity demand”, he said.
“Beyond 2030, the next wave of investment will be critical to maintaining reliability.”
Developers have since cancelled more than a third of the data centre projects AEMO listed last year, according to the report.
That is a useful correction to every capacity forecast in this sector, including this one. Announced projects and built projects are different populations.
It also cuts both ways. A pipeline that shrinks by a third in a year could shrink again, or it could refill faster than the wires arrive.
Commonwealth Bank of Australia estimates the country’s data centre buildout could reach A$150bn, about $108bn, by 2030.
Australia wants that investment. It is trying to capture the economic benefits of the buildout while limiting the strain on its grid and its water supplies, Bloomberg reported. That tension runs through the whole file.
A data centre can switch on long before the infrastructure to power it exists. The United States Studies Centre has put numbers on that mismatch for Australia.
The Clean Energy Finance Corporation has flagged what follows. Its report names bottlenecks, higher prices for consumers, and more reliance on fossil fuels than anyone planned for.
The federal government is pushing to make new data centres run on renewable energy. Bloomberg reported that doubling down earlier this month. Some regional administrations object.
Anthony Albanese will use Wednesday’s national cabinet to reassure premiers about a new AI law, according to the Guardian. He will promise that federal approval rules complement state ones rather than override them.
The conservative governments of Queensland and the Northern Territory have been the loudest objectors. A climate expert told the paper Australia has “one shot to get the rules right”.
The argument is not new. Australia’s world-first data centre rules needed every state to agree, and two said no in July.
Not every project waits for a connection. A gas-rich outback station could host a $28bn off-grid AI data centre. It would generate its own power rather than queue for someone else’s.
That solves the operator’s problem by removing the site from the operator’s system. It does not solve the emissions one.
The pattern repeats wherever the buildout lands. An operator or a government looks at the connection queue, finds it larger than the wires, and reaches for a pause or an audit.
Texas called itself the epicentre of AI, then froze new connections pending an audit.
Scotland weighed a moratorium that would have frozen new datacentres and threatened the UK’s AI plan.
In Europe the constraint is queueing rather than politics, and it has pushed 63% of new capacity out of the five established markets.
AEMO has published a demand projection, not a build schedule. The 34 terawatt hours assumes a pipeline that has already lost a third of its projects once.
The report does not say which sites make it, who supplies their power, or what happens to the 13% share if the next wave of investment Westerman describes does not arrive.
Nor does it settle the question the premiers are arguing about on Wednesday, which is who gets to say yes to a data centre in the first place.



                                    Alina Maria Stan builds connections that people actually feel. As co-founder and COO of Tekpon, she turns product intuition into real moment                                                                        (show all)

Alina Maria Stan builds connections that people actually feel. As co-founder and COO of Tekpon, she turns product intuition into real moments of discovery, shaping how teams find and adopt SaaS every day. Since 2020, she has led Tekpon’s brand voice, media strategy, and growth plays with a clear focus on human outcomes behind every metric.
Before Tekpon, Alina followed curiosity across industries and countries. She was CEO of King Casino Bonus and led affiliate and brand strategy at Extremoo Media and Fable Media in Denmark, where she learned how to build partnerships that last. Early on, she sharpened her CRM and pricing instincts at K.H. ApS, always asking why customers choose what they choose.
Her approach is rooted in more than a decade of international experience and two master’s degrees, one in Sustainable Consumption from the Technical University of Munich and one in Consumer Affairs Management from Aarhus University.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
3,2026-08-24,Hugging face emoji? More like money-mouth face emoji.
4,2026-08-24,"Raspberry Pi's head of social, Ashley Whittaker, acknowledged the cyberdeck trend today, saying ""we haven't been able to get away from cyberdecks this year."" Tiny portable computers made out of things like purses, jewelry boxes, and other thrifted or recycled…"
5,2026-08-24,"Stocks are still hovering close to record-highs, but a look under the hood of the market shows a more worrying outlook ahead for equities, JPMorgan says.
Jason Hunter, a technical strategist at the bank, said investors may want to consider selling some of their stocks, citing the bank's technical analysis of the S&P 500 and other areas of the US market. Though major indexes are still ""bullishly trending"" and haven't flashed ""any clear warning signs,"" the market is flashing several technical signals that suggest stocks could face seasonal weakness.
The August to October period is often the market's worst-performing three-month stretch of the year. Dating back to 1928, the S&P 500 saw an average loss of 0.02% during that period, with the average correction in down years being 7.35%, according to an analysis from Bank of America.
Seasonal weakness in stocks through the early fall has historically been more pronounced during midterm years of a presidential cycle. In all midterm years since 1974, the S&P 500 has seen a median return of 0% from August 1st through the election day in November, Goldman Sachs said.
""A deeper look at market internals, shifts in leadership, and the technical setups across a number of markets that typically lead to concerns heading into late-summer/early-fall bearish seasonality,"" JPMorgan's Hunter wrote in a client note last week, highlighting various bearish technical signals that had flashed recently.
""While we would not act aggressively to reduce risk just yet, we suggest maintaining trend-following like stop-loss strategies for long exposure and would look to reduce long exposure heading into early September if the current conditions remain the same,"" he added.
Here are the technical signals that the bank says it's watching:
Hunter said the benchmark index faces its ""next layer of resistance"" around 7,909 to 7,935. The S&P 500 rallied to a fresh all-time high of 7,816 recently, but has remained well below that range, Hunter said, though he noted that the index remained above its ""support zone"" of 7,521 to 7,620.
""The internals noted above keep our attention fixed on the two key risks we highlighted in our prior updates. First is the dichotomy between the AI hardware names and the hyperscalers, and the similarities in the market trends that led to the March 2000 peak in the communications equipment capital investment cycle trade theme,"" Hunter said.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
JPMorgan remains bullish on the S&P 500 overall and recently lifted its year-end target for the benchmark index to 8,000. Still, strategists have flagged worrying similarities between the current tech rally and the rally that led to the burst of the dot-com bubble. One of them is the growing divergence between hardware stocks and the stocks of the biggest AI spenders, which was also seen near the peak in 2000.
""The medium-term trend deceleration near longer-term channel resistance, the recent switch in market leadership, and vulnerable setups for the former leadership in the AI segment of the market could favor trimming exposure in early-September and as seasonality turns negative, if the noted risks persist through that period,"" Hunter later added of the S&P 500.
Value and financial stocks have outperformed recently, but that trend may be about to slow, Hunter said.
The S&P 500 Value Index and financial stocks in the benchmark index, for instance, are each up 2% over the last month. Both areas of the market also remained above their 50-day moving averages during the latest sell-off in momentum stocks, Hunter added.
""While there is no material sign of buyer exhaustion on either chart at the moment, both indexes are approaching long-term channel, trend line, and Fibonacci swing objectives,"" he said, referring to several highly watched technical resistance levels.
""We suspect that the indexes will decelerate into that resistance and set the market up for a period of consolidation and mean reversion into the fall,"" Hunter added.
Hunter pointed to the latest pullback in software stocks. The S&P 500 Software Industry Group Index has fallen in a ""key resistance zone"" of 7,749 to 8,078, Hunter said.
""We are closely watching the price action into September for further evidence of a short-term top pattern in that resistance zone,"" he wrote, pointing to 7,407 as one support level to watch.
""We are looking for signs of rally exhaustion near that resistance area and a mean reversion within the broad trading range,"" he later added.
The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index is ""stalling"" at a short-term resistance level of around 12,362 and 13,047, Hunter said.
""In our view, that confluence of levels separates a dead cat bounce from the resumption of the multi-year rally. Continued trading below that area into the post-Labor Day period would leave the index vulnerable to another round of sharp selling pressure into the fall,"" the note said of chip stocks in particular.
Hyperscaler stocks are seeing a similar pattern, with JPMorgan's basket of hyperscaler companies approaching ""nearby Fibonacci, trend line, and pattern-based resistance levels,"" Hunter added.
""With both the hardware and hyperscalers still trading below key resistance levels heading into the bearish seasonal period for equities, we are concerned that another round of weakness is less a rotation from hardware to hyperscalers and instead, a broader selling pressure across the entire AI theme,"" he said.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
6,2026-08-24,President Donald Trump is moving toward levying a new tariff on China that would penalize the world’s second-largest economy for flooding the global market w...
7,2026-08-24,"""If we continue to see growing disparity in income, you risk unrest and further division, which is the most expensive tax on every business."""
8,2026-08-24,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Two family heirs sent a letter accusing their own board of “rewarding failure.” Meanwhile, a rival is circling with a hostile offer. 
Copied to clipboard
For more than 150 years, the Brown family has controlled Brown-Forman, the company behind Jack Daniel’s. But that control is under real pressure right now, and some of the family’s own members are responsible.
The company’s stock has dropped 60% over five years as Americans drink less whiskey. Merger talks with France’s Pernod Ricard collapsed this spring, and crosstown rival Sazerac followed with an unsolicited $15 billion hostile takeover bid in May, according to the Wall Street Journal. The board rejected it.
Then came the letter. A few days before the family’s annual July picnic, heirs W.L. Lyons Brown III and his brother Stuart sent a scathing seven-page missive to more than 130 relatives, accusing the board of keeping shareholders in the dark and “rewarding failure.” One line compared Jack Daniel’s expanding flavor lineup to Baskin-Robbins. “Brown-Forman’s stock price has fallen from the mid-$70s per share to the mid-$20s per share over the past three years, eliminating billions of dollars of generational wealth,” the letter read. Three days after it went out, CEO Lawson Whiting told the board he’d step down.
The brothers are outsiders in their family. They never joined Wolf Pen Branch, which controls 60% of Brown-Forman’s voting shares and coordinates how the family votes as a bloc. They argued the board should have taken Sazerac’s offer more seriously instead of pursuing the failed Pernod Ricard deal. Wolf Pen disagreed, publicly rejecting the Sazerac bid and saying it doesn’t align with the family’s vision for the company’s future.
For more than 150 years, the Brown family has controlled Brown-Forman, the company behind Jack Daniel’s. But that control is under real pressure right now, and some of the family’s own members are responsible.
The company’s stock has dropped 60% over five years as Americans drink less whiskey. Merger talks with France’s Pernod Ricard collapsed this spring, and crosstown rival Sazerac followed with an unsolicited $15 billion hostile takeover bid in May, according to the Wall Street Journal. The board rejected it.
Then came the letter. A few days before the family’s annual July picnic, heirs W.L. Lyons Brown III and his brother Stuart sent a scathing seven-page missive to more than 130 relatives, accusing the board of keeping shareholders in the dark and “rewarding failure.” One line compared Jack Daniel’s expanding flavor lineup to Baskin-Robbins. “Brown-Forman’s stock price has fallen from the mid-$70s per share to the mid-$20s per share over the past three years, eliminating billions of dollars of generational wealth,” the letter read. Three days after it went out, CEO Lawson Whiting told the board he’d step down.
The brothers are outsiders in their family. They never joined Wolf Pen Branch, which controls 60% of Brown-Forman’s voting shares and coordinates how the family votes as a bloc. They argued the board should have taken Sazerac’s offer more seriously instead of pursuing the failed Pernod Ricard deal. Wolf Pen disagreed, publicly rejecting the Sazerac bid and saying it doesn’t align with the family’s vision for the company’s future.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
9,2026-08-24,"Microsoft employees are once again comparing notes on pay, and this year's numbers offer a rare look inside how the tech giant is rewarding its workforce in the age of AI.
An internal spreadsheet viewed by Business Insider, with nearly 600 employee submissions, details base salaries, raises, cash bonuses, and stock awards across the company as workers learn what they'll earn for the year.
The employee-reported data show how Microsoft is rewarding talent across its sprawling organization at a time when retaining its most skilled people, especially in AI and cloud, is a key strategic priority.
The data also provides an unusual snapshot of Microsoft's compensation strategy at a pivotal moment for the company. As the company pours billions into AI infrastructure, it is also competing with Meta, Google, OpenAI, Anthropic, and a growing crop of well-funded startups for the engineers and researchers who can determine whether those investments pay off. 
Compensation, particularly stock awards that can dwarf annual raises and bonuses, is one of the clearest tools Microsoft has for recruiting and retaining those workers.
Microsoft declined to comment. 
Microsoft employees typically share this information voluntarily and anonymously to promote pay transparency, but that means the data isn't official or comprehensive. The company had 223,000 employees on June 30, so a spreadsheet with nearly 600 submissions provides a very small snapshot. The company also recently cut thousands of employees in a fresh round of layoffs in July.
Employees with higher pay or seniority may contribute less to such spreadsheets, so the pay ranges may skew lower than might be representative of the total workforce. Business Insider removed entries that seemed anomalous.
Business Insider's analysis excluded levels and teams with few entries, as well as submissions with unusually small or large entries that may be typos, since the data is self-reported and may contain errors.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
The spreadsheet also included pay by organization, showing how much employees report making by team.
Business Insider last year reported Microsoft's internal pay guidelines, revealing how much the company generally offered new hires in engineering and research roles in the US.
Have a tip? Contact Ashley Stewart via email at astewart@businessinsider.com or Signal at +1-425-344-8242. Use a personal email address and a nonwork device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
10,2026-08-24,"Two major events are likely to drive financial markets this week: Nvidia's second-quarter earnings report and the Fed's annual Jackson Hole Economic Symposium.
Before diving into each of those, let's take a step back and look at the bigger picture.
Perhaps the biggest development in markets over the last week has been the surge in long-term bond yields. The 30-year Treasury yield rose to 19-year highs of 5.26%, while the 10-year sits at 4.73%, near its upper bound for the last five years.
Concerns around both inflation and growing government debt have led to the bond rout.
As a result of the bond-market movements, stocks have struggled. Here's what major indexes have done since their August 13:
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has said the Treasury would step in to buy back more bonds than it had originally planned starting in September, but the announcement has so far not moved the needle.
The move in Treasury yields has reignited the conversation around a potential AI bubble.
Can Nvidia earnings or Jackson Hole save the day? Let's take a look at each.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
If either one of these events is likely to lift the spirits of investors, it's Nvidia's Q2 earnings report.
Analysts widely expect the chipmaker to beat on earnings, and recent earnings for Nvidia's partners in the AI buildout have smashed expectations. Namely, Nebius and CoreWeave, two data center firms, reported blowout demand and huge order backlogs. Both stocks surged on the news, which also gave the broader market a boost.
Monetization of AI products from hyperscalers like Microsoft and Amazon has also been a positive development for the AI trade in recent weeks.
So, if Nvidia says that it sees no slowdown in spending from its customers, it could spark fresh optimism for investors.
""Nvidia earnings will put the AI investment story back at the center of the equity market,"" said Daniela Hathorne, a Senior Market Analyst at Capital.com, in an August 21 email.
She added that ""investors will be looking for evidence that demand for chips and AI infrastructure remains strong enough to justify both the spending and valuations attached to the sector.""
This will be a tricky one for investors to navigate, as most events around the Federal Reserve have become over the last few months. The central bank's chairman Kevin Warsh has stopped giving forward guidance on monetary policy, making his speaking engagements volatile market events.
On top of that, Jackson Hole has a history of providing paradigm-shifting moments. In 2022, for example, former Fed chief Jerome Powell gave a brief and hawkish speech, which sparked a sell-off of more than 3% in the S&P 500.
Warsh has so far talked tough on inflation, dousing hopes of rate cuts. But several economic data points recently — like the July jobs report and retail sales, and Walmart's worrying outlook — has taken investor expectations for imminent hikes off the table for now.
Still, inflation remains sticky at 3.4% year-over-year, so it's unclear if Warsh will stick with his hawkish messaging.
It's also unclear what type of messaging exactly investors would cheer on. Given their inflation concerns driving bond yields higher, less hawkish talk from Warsh could worsen inflationary fears. But with certain economic data points showing weakness lately, a slightly more dovish tone could be a welcome thing for investors.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
11,2026-08-24,"The company that became open-source AI’s default warehouse has hired bankers, three years after its last outside round.
Hugging Face logo on phone screen stock image
Hugging Face has retained bankers to test the market for a sale at a valuation of $13bn or higher, according to Business Insider, which reported that talks are early and that no bidder has been identified.
It is a striking development for a company that has spent the past decade positioning itself as the neutral ground of machine learning, and that only recently went looking for help with compute costs by asking OpenAI for $100mn of it.
The number represents close to a tripling of the $4.5bn valuation Hugging Face carried after its last outside round, a $235mn raise in August 2023 led by Salesforce Ventures with Nvidia, Google, Amazon, Intel, Qualcomm, IBM, Sequoia Capital, and Lux Capital alongside. That the company has not raised externally since is unusual in a sector where three years is several funding cycles.
Founded in New York in 2016 by Clement Delangue, Julien Chaumond, and Thomas Wolf, Hugging Face started as a chatbot company and pivoted into the infrastructure layer beneath everyone else’s models. Its Hub now hosts more than three million public models and around a million datasets, which is what makes it strategically interesting to a buyer and awkward to price.
Revenue comes from paid subscription tiers, enterprise hosting, and compute services sold on top of the free repository, and the company has never published figures. As of November 2025, roughly half of the $400mn or so it had raised over its life remained unspent, which is a reasonable position from which to negotiate and a poor one from which to be forced into anything.
The question a buyer would have to answer is what exactly it is buying. Hugging Face’s value rests on being the place developers trust to publish and download open weights, and trust of that kind tends not to survive being owned by a company with its own models to sell.
That tension is not hypothetical. Mistral’s chief executive has argued that closed models hand providers leverage over their customers, and the same logic applies one layer down to the registry where the open alternatives live.
The Hub’s scale has also become a liability of its own. Researchers found hundreds of malicious models and agent skills planted on Hugging Face and ClawHub in a supply chain campaign aimed at AI infrastructure, and separate work has traced nudify tools the EU is moving to ban back to components hosted on the platform.
Moderating a repository of three million artefacts is a cost that grows with the asset, and any acquirer takes on the regulatory exposure attached to it. In Europe that exposure is not abstract, since the AI Act places obligations on providers of general-purpose models and the question of where a hosting platform sits in that chain has not been settled cleanly.
A sale at $13bn would also land in a market that has grown noticeably keener on AI infrastructure than on AI applications, where multiples are set by the assumption that whoever owns the pipes collects rent regardless of which model wins. Hugging Face owns something close to the distribution layer for open weights, and there is no obvious second version of it.
Hugging Face has been expanding rather than retrenching. It acquired the French robotics developer Pollen Robotics in April 2025, moving into hardware alongside the software business, and it has continued to fund open-source releases that generate no direct revenue.
Neither Hugging Face nor its advisers have commented on the report, and Business Insider’s account describes a process at the sounding-out stage rather than a deal in progress. Exploratory mandates of this kind frequently end in a large funding round instead, which for a company sitting on unspent capital and a valuation mark three years stale would be the less disruptive outcome.
The list of plausible buyers is short and mostly consists of Hugging Face’s own investors. Nvidia, Google, Amazon, IBM, and Salesforce all hold stakes and all have reasons to want the Hub inside their perimeter, which is precisely the arrangement much of the open-source community got on the platform to avoid.



                                    Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing hi                                                                        (show all)

Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing himself as one of the most connected and respected voices in the ecosystem. At just 23 years old, Cristian was included in the Forbes 30 Under 30 2025 list, representing a new generation of tech builders, bold thinkers who move fast, build with purpose, and create real impact.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
12,2026-08-24,"Robotaxis are expanding. So is the fight over the rules governing them. In New York, Gov. Kathy Hochul withdrew a proposal earlier this year that would have opened the door to driverless robotaxis outside New York City after taxi drivers, unions, and state la…"
13,2026-08-24,"
Use BBC.com or the new BBC App to listen to BBC podcasts, Radio 4 and the World Service outside the UK.
Find out how to listen to other BBC stations
News,·24 Aug 2026,·30 mins
Available for over a year
Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney says ""we cannot accept what they've offered, and we will not give what they've asked,” after trade negotiations with the US broke down over the weekend. Donald Trump has announced 50% tariffs on Canadian cars and steel — though not until January 1st, leaving four months of negotiating room and a set of midterm elections in between. 

Can the two countries work out a deal? And why is this round of tariffs different from the previous round that the Supreme Court struck down? 

And as US national debt passed $40 trillion, roughly doubled since Trump’s first term, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent tried and failed to intervene in the bond market. 

What realistic options are left for Donald Trump to intervene? Plus Trump's suggestion that ""the ultimate intervention is our military,"" and whether AI-driven growth is a way out or just another thing crowding out government borrowing.

Justin, Anthony and Marianna answer your questions and discuss googlies, sticky wickets and what ‘coming out of left field’ really means.

HOSTS:
• Justin Webb, Radio 4 presenter
• Anthony Zurcher, North America Correspondent
• Marianna Spring, Senior Social Media Investigations Senior Correspondent

GET IN TOUCH:
• Join our online community: https://discord.gg/qSrxqNcmRB
• Send us a message or voice note via WhatsApp to +44 330 123 9480
• Email Americast@bbc.co.uk
• Or use #Americast

This episode was made by Alix Pickles and Beth Ashmead. The technical producer was Dafydd Evans. The series producer is Purvee Pattni. The senior news editor is Sam Bonham.

If you want to be notified every time we publish a new episode, please subscribe to us on BBC Sounds by hitting the subscribe button on the app.

You can now listen to Americast on a smart speaker. If you want to listen, just say ""Ask BBC Sounds to play Americast”. It works on most smart speakers.

US Election Unspun: Sign up for Anthony’s BBC newsletter: https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-68093155

Americast is part of the BBC News Podcasts family of podcasts. The team that makes Americast also makes lots of other podcasts, including Newscast. If you enjoy Americast (and if you're reading this then you hopefully do), then we think that you will enjoy some of our other pods too. See links below.

Newscast: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/series/p05299nl
Top Comment: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/brand/m001mssm
Radical: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/brand/p0gg4k6r
The Global Story: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/brand/w13xtvsd"
14,2026-08-24,"Microsoft employees aren't just comparing salaries this year, they're comparing how much AI they use.
An internal spreadsheet viewed by Business Insider shows hundreds of employees voluntarily reporting not only their raises, bonuses, and stock awards, but also the dollar value of the AI tools they used over the past month. Microsoft is offering employees an internal tool to track their AI usage and spending.
The figures offer a rare glimpse into how AI is being used inside Microsoft as the company races rivals, including Meta, Google, OpenAI, and Anthropic, to build AI products.
As the company spends hundreds of billions of dollars on AI infrastructure and pushes employees to weave AI into their daily work, the spreadsheet shows how usage varies dramatically across teams, from just a few dollars a month to tens of thousands. It also suggests that, at least for now, heavier AI use isn't translating into bigger raises, bonuses, or promotions.
Microsoft isn't alone in trying to understand how employees use AI. Across Big Tech, companies are increasingly tracking AI consumption as they spend billions building models and infrastructure.
New to this year's spreadsheet was a column asking employees to self-report their ""AI $ Usage Per Month"" using the internal tool, which shows the dollar amount of their AI usage over the last 28 days. A Microsoft spokesperson said the AI usage tracking tool is still in early testing.
The document had nearly 600 entries from US employees when Business Insider analyzed the data, showing how much the employees say they received this year in base pay, raises, cash bonuses, and stock awards. About 350 of them had reported their AI usage at the time.
Of those reported, the median AI usage amount was about $300 over 28 days. The highest reported figure was $28,000 from an employee in the Microsoft Customer and Partner Solutions organization.
Business Insider's analysis excluded levels and teams with few entries. The data is self-reported and may contain errors.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Microsoft employees typically share this information voluntarily and anonymously to promote pay transparency, but that means the data isn't official or comprehensive. The company had 223,000 employees on June 30, so a spreadsheet with only around 350 figures on AI usage provides a very small snapshot.
Business Insider found no meaningful correlation in the spreadsheet between reported AI usage and rewards. Higher AI usage did not appear to be associated with higher bonus ratings, merit increases, or a greater likelihood of promotion.
Have a tip? Contact this reporter via email at astewart@businessinsider.com or Signal at +1-425-344-8242. Use a personal email address and a nonwork device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
15,2026-08-24,"Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
These 'Fan Edition' Samsung earbuds have crashed to just $109.99.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Cheap earbuds can sacrifice audio quality, which is why it truly pays to find discounts on products that we already know and love. As one example, Amazon is cutting 27% off the price of the Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 FE, representing a $70 price drop and bringing them down to just $80.
The Galaxy Buds 3 FE earbuds launched last August, bringing with them Galaxy AI features, voice commands, live translation, and a larger speaker than the previous iteration. We also loved the upgraded blade design when it was first leaked, along with the sleek two-tone look.
These Samsung earbuds will also sport a better active noise cancellation profile than pretty much anything else you can find around the $100 mark, as well as a solid battery life and charging speeds.
Basically, if you don't want to spend the extra money on Samsung or other brands' premium-level buds, these are a good way to go—especially if you can find a price drop like this one.
Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 FE: $149.99 $109.99 at Amazon
The Samsung Galaxy Buds 3 FE earbuds offer ANC and a sleek overall design, and while they normally retail at $150, this deal puts them at just $110. These are full of AI and hands-free features, and they're available in both Black and Gray colors.
✅ Recommended if: you're looking for earbuds for around $100 that will still include ANC and decent-sounding audio quality; you like a sleek pair of earbuds that include a portable charging case and a long-lasting battery with or without ANC engaged; you like having hands-free features for voice commands and playback control.
❌ Skip this deal if: you're in the market for the best wireless earbuds available and would rather upgrade to the Buds 3 Pros, or at least something offering true high-resolution listening; you prefer a pair of earbuds without the silicone ear tips; you need a pair of buds that also includes wireless charging capabilities.
The Samsung Galaxy Buds FEs (or Fan Editions) offer a more affordable entry point for pricing than the Buds 3 Pros, while still featuring modern conveniences like a charging case, ANC backed by three onboard mics, spatial audio, and IP54 water and dust resistance.
Samsung says they'll get up to 24 hours of battery life with intermittent case charges, up to 6 hours with ANC toggled on, or up to 8.5 with the mode turned off. The Galaxy Buds 3 FE don't feature the highest resolution audio available on the market, but they still sound pretty good, especially in this price range.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
Zach has been covering Android, Apple, and other tech companies since 2020. His work has appeared in the Chicago Tribune, KRON4 San Francisco, CleanTechnica, iPhoneinCanada, Android Central, and many other publications. When he isn't covering tech, you can find him drinking coffee, spending time outside, or watching classic movies with his cats.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
16,2026-08-24,"Global fintech investment rose in the first half of 2026. British fintech went the other way.
UK fintech funding has fallen to its lowest level in at least a decade
Funding for UK fintech companies has dropped to its lowest level in at least ten years, according to Bloomberg, which reported the figures on Sunday.
The decline lands on a sector that Britain has spent the better part of fifteen years describing as its clearest technology success story, and it fits a pattern visible across the market where capital has concentrated into a shrinking number of very large deals.
The underlying trend was already legible in the half-year numbers. UK fintech companies raised about $1.5bn (£1.1bn) in the first six months of 2026, a 26% fall against the same period in 2025 and 35% down on the second half of last year, on figures compiled by Tracxn.
Where the money stopped flowing matters more than the headline total. Late-stage funding took the heaviest hit, falling 45% to $830mn, which is the segment that carries companies from proven product to public markets and the one whose absence tends to push founders towards a trade sale.
Early-stage rounds fell 26% against the previous half, while seed funding nearly doubled from a low base to $145mn. That combination describes a market still willing to write small speculative cheques but reluctant to fund the expensive middle, which is a familiar shape from the 2023 downturn and an uncomfortable one for anyone running a fintech with two years of runway.
The global comparison is what makes the British figures awkward. Fintech companies worldwide raised $28.6bn in the first half of 2026, up almost 23% year on year even as deal counts fell by a quarter, with US companies taking around $15bn of it and the UK a distant second at $2.7bn on Crunchbase’s measure.
Investors, in other words, have not lost interest in financial technology. They have concentrated it, and the concentration is happening in a market Britain does not sit in.
London’s grip on what money did arrive loosened slightly, dropping from 99% of UK fintech funding to 94%, with Edinburgh, Belfast, Cambridge, and Manchester picking up modest rounds. Levelling-up advocates will read that as progress, though a five-point shift in a shrinking pool is a thin sort of victory.
Six rounds of $100mn or more still got away in the half, among them a $175mn Series A for the card-issuing platform Paymentology, which is a reminder that the market has not closed so much as narrowed to a handful of names that were already well known to the funds writing the cheques.
Consolidation filled some of the gap. The sector recorded 42 acquisitions in the half, down 25% from the previous six months, the largest being Mastercard’s $1.8bn purchase of the stablecoin payments firm BVNK.
The causes cited by analysts are cumulative rather than singular: AI has absorbed an enormous share of available venture capital, interest rates have stayed high enough to make growth-stage bets expensive, and a maturing sector simply produces fewer of the land-grab opportunities that drew generalist funds in the first place. Confidence in the policy environment has also been questioned, with founders and investors both pointing to a tax and listings regime that has not made Britain an obviously better place to scale a financial company.
None of this has cost the UK its regional lead. It remains Europe’s largest fintech market by some distance, and the institutional scaffolding built during the boom is still standing, including the £1bn growth fund set up specifically to address the gap that has now widened.
The awkward question is whether that scaffolding was built for a different market. Britain’s fintech policy apparatus was designed to accelerate a sector that was already growing, and it has never been tested against a decade low, which is a distinct problem from the one Europe’s public money has been trying to solve at the continental level.
Second-half figures will not be published until early next year. Anyone hoping they look better should note that the largest UK fintech rounds of recent years came from companies now large enough to raise privately, quietly, and without needing Britain to be the place they do it.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
17,2026-08-24,"Kaylin Voss, OpenAI's vice-president of sales in the Americas, has resigned after five months and is going back to Salesforce, according to The Information. She is the second sales leader to leave in a week, and the new chief revenue officer starts this week.
Guildford, UK – February 10, 2024: Hand holding a smartphone in front of OpenAI logo on white screen in background.
OpenAI’s vice-president of sales in the Americas has resigned after five months in the job. Kaylin Voss is going back to Salesforce, according to The Information, which broke the story on Friday.
She left a week after her former boss. Denise Dresser, OpenAI’s chief revenue officer, walked out after nine months.
Both women came from Salesforce. Voss was Slack’s chief revenue officer before she joined.
She had been building a plan. Voss told Fortune a month ago that her team was segmenting customers into groups, among them telecommunications, retail, consumer goods and manufacturing. Cybersecurity was a focus, along with driving adoption and showing businesses a return.
“Welcome Home to The Ohana @KaylinVoss!” Marc Benioff posted on X, linking to the story about her departure. The post has been seen more than 135,000 times.
Amir Efrati of The Information followed with three words that did the same job. “Kaylin is going back to… Salesforce.”
OpenAI named Dali Rajic as chief revenue officer in mid-August, replacing Dresser. It is the company’s fifth C-suite change in a year, Emily Forlini reported for Fortune.
Rajic, 53, was president and chief operating officer at Wiz, the cybersecurity company Google bought this year for $32bn. He starts this week.
OpenAI investor Josh Kushner introduced him to the company, CNBC reported. Greg Brockman made the hire, according to a source Fortune spoke to. Brockman took over the revenue organisation in early July, after Fidji Simo stepped down from the number two job to focus on her health.
Rajic ran sales at AppDynamics from 2012, rising to chief revenue officer, and helped pitch that company to investors before Cisco bought it for $3.7bn the day before its planned market debut. He then spent five years at Zscaler as president of go-to-market, and moved to Wiz in 2024.
“If OpenAI is behind on enterprise, he is definitely the guy,” said Jyoti Bansal, the AppDynamics co-founder who first hired him.
A source with ties to Anthropic called the recruitment a coup, Fortune reported.
Rajic has spent a decade selling security software. That matters, because OpenAI wants to sell a lot more of it.
The company pitches businesses on using its models to prevent hacks and breaches, under a programme called Daybreak. It expanded Daybreak into multiple access tiers on 10 August.
Rajic treats sales as a science rather than an art, former colleagues told Fortune. He declined to comment for that piece but confirmed the details in it. He follows MEDDPICC, a framework built at PTC in 1996 that scores a deal on metrics, the economic buyer, decision criteria, decision process, paper process, identified pain, champion and competition.
The method also predicts which salespeople will work out, within months of them starting, by counting first meetings booked and demos run.
“You don’t hesitate, you move them out of the business,” one former colleague said of those who miss the mark. The goal is a “very disciplined, highly predictable, scalable go-to-market machine”.
That predictability is what investors want to see before a listing.
Rajic learned it from John McMahon, whom one source called the godfather of enterprise sales, at BMC Software in the early 2010s. Index Ventures partner Shardul Shah has a name for the alumni network that came out of PTC.
“In the world of go-to-market, the equivalent is the PTC Mafia,” Shah told Fortune, comparing it to the PayPal one. It includes MongoDB’s chief executive and revenue chief, and Datadog’s.
Rajic was born in Yugoslavia, in what is now Croatia, moved to Germany aged one and came to the United States at 16. He studied at Cal Poly Pomona and took an MBA at Northwestern.
Colleagues describe him as blunt, intellectual and relentless. “We would call him the Croatian Sensation,” one told Fortune, recalling a man who grabbed two hard-boiled eggs at Starbucks on the way to a meeting and called it breakfast.
He does not work a room at parties and does not chase speaking slots. He has no X account.
Dresser oversaw a commercial organisation of roughly 1,200 people and ran it from the road, meeting clients herself, Fortune reported. She worked through weekends and pushed for granular reporting the company did not have.
Current and former staff describe constant change over the past few years and say keeping up is exhausting.
OpenAI acknowledges the number of leadership changes and says it is normal for a fast-growing company. Rajic was picked to lead the next phase of growth, and there is a strong bench of senior leaders, a spokesperson said. Dresser did not respond to Fortune’s requests for comment.
Enterprise now brings OpenAI more revenue than consumers, a milestone it reached ahead of plan, CNBC reported this month. The company is chasing market share held by Anthropic.
Anthropic’s revenue passed OpenAI’s for the first time last quarter. It is also preparing a listing that could match SpaceX’s record, and could file as soon as next month.
OpenAI’s own chief financial officer told staff the company will go public in 2027, or sooner. On the current timeline, its main rival gets there first.
Rajic lives in Austin with his wife and three children, and expects to spend much of his time travelling and in San Francisco.
“It’ll be interesting to see if Dali is there in 12 or 18 months, or if he will burn out like so many other people do at OpenAI,” one source told Fortune. “That’s the open question.”
Neither Voss nor Dresser has given a public reason for leaving. OpenAI has not said who replaces Voss in the Americas, or whether the sales structure she was building survives her.
Salesforce has not said what role Voss returns to.



                                    With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding &amp; identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate                                                                        (show all)

With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding & identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate with our target audience in the software/SaaS industry. Collaboration and teamwork are paramount to her, as she loves empowering her colleagues to achieve outstanding results and unlock their full potential.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
18,2026-08-24,"Many pieces of consumer electronics are build down to a price, and the corners cut show up in their performance. The Gameboy Advance from Nintendo is no exception: its audio is a PWM stream that sounds awful through the included amplifier. [Cajun Panda] has a fix though, in the form of a replacement audio chain.
It takes the form of a PCB that hooks into the pads of the removed GBA audio chip, and provides a much cleaner audio path with filtering and EQ and a class D audio amplifier. In addition there’s an audio codec and an ESP32 for Bluetooth connectivity, enabled by a long press of a GBA button and configured via a web interface on the ESP. Best of all there is no case modification, this is designed to remain as stock as possible.
Everything can be found in a GitHub repository should you wish to make your own, so if you want to bring your GBA audio up to scratch you know where to go. If you want to make it even better don’t forget, you can always upgrade the screen.
Please be kind and respectful to help make the comments section excellent. (Comment Policy)
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed."
19,2026-08-24,"Nvidia took a minority stake in Cloverleaf Infrastructure on Friday, its third investment in a land and power company in quick succession. Its Rubin chips ship liquid-cooled only, and racks jump from 250kW to 600kW next year. Old buildings will not take them.
Nvidia headquarters in Santa Clara, California
Nvidia took a minority stake in Cloverleaf Infrastructure on Friday. Cloverleaf secures land and electricity for data centres. It is the third company of that kind Nvidia has bought into in quick succession, according to The Information.
Neither company disclosed terms. The Wall Street Journal reported on Friday morning that Nvidia was expected to invest several hundred million dollars.
Cloverleaf was founded in 2024. It raised $300mn that year from NGP and Sandbrook Capital.
The company sits between utilities and data centre developers. It arranges the power and the sites, which builders then lease to the cloud providers and model developers who buy Nvidia hardware.
Nvidia announced an investment in SB Energy the week before. On 17 August it said it had secured land, power and shell capacity at SB Energy’s PORTS-Pike campus in Ohio, which will exclusively host Nvidia AI compute. The desk covered the PORTS-Pike guarantee at the time.
The third is Lancium, the power developer behind OpenAI’s Stargate facility in Abilene, Texas. The Information reported that OpenAI explored investing in or acquiring Lancium last quarter. Nvidia invested billions in the firm instead.
Nvidia can sell only as many chips as there are data centres able to house them. That constraint has tightened with each generation.
The Register set out the engineering. Until 2024 most Nvidia systems ran on air. Blackwell’s NVL72 racks needed liquid cooling that not every facility could supply.
With Rubin, Nvidia offers the chips in liquid-cooled form only, for the first time. The desk covered Vera Rubin entering production in July.
Liquid-cooled racks run denser, heavier and hotter. They need larger backup supplies, heavier power distribution units, and coolant distribution units at roughly one per one to three megawatts of compute.
Racks move from about 250kW to 600kW starting next year, according to The Register. A facility built for air cannot simply take the new hardware.
Nvidia introduced a platform called DSX last autumn and launched it this spring. It is a set of blueprints stating how much power, cooling and space a given amount of compute requires.
Cloverleaf is adopting the DSX spec as part of the deal. That includes DSX Flex, which lets a data centre scale back its workloads in response to grid conditions, or shift demand onto on-site generation or batteries.
Many of Nvidia’s largest customers do not own data centres. They lease.
Crusoe built OpenAI’s Stargate site in Abilene and Oracle runs it. Nvidia has taken positions in model developers and neoclouds including OpenAI, CoreWeave and Nebius.
The company announced a $500bn financing plan for AI infrastructure this month, working with six asset managers. The desk covered that plan on 11 August.
Bloomberg Intelligence analyst Kunjan Sobhani put Nvidia’s supply commitments above $100bn, saying the company is “effectively locking in critical AI-infrastructure capacity multiple quarters in advance”.
Nvidia’s biggest customers have been told that servers containing its AI chips will rise in price by more than 15% in many cases. The desk covered that rise on 22 August.
Bloomberg puts Nvidia at roughly 90% of the accelerator market, about $30,000 for a high-end chip, and gross margins near 75%, some 20 points wider than its nearest rivals.
Data centre construction has met organised opposition in the US. The desk covered the industry’s local PR campaigns on 20 August.
Grid capacity is the other constraint. Nebius has started using natural gas fuel cells from Bloom Energy rather than relying on grid supply alone, according to The Register.
Nvidia said its Groq 3 LPX rack entered full production. That commercialises the technology from its largest acquisition, the $20bn purchase of assets from the chip startup Groq in December.
Each rack packages 256 Groq 3 chips. Nvidia says the rack delivered 3,400 output tokens per second running Gemma 4 31B with a 100,000-token context, citing benchmarking by Artificial Analysis. Samsung manufactures the Groq chips. TSMC makes Nvidia’s GPUs.
Nebius is the first AI cloud to adopt it, and the racks go online later this year, Nvidia senior director Dion Harris told reporters. “This isn’t about replacing GPUs,” Harris said. “It’s about using the right price, right processor for the right part of the workload.”
Nvidia separately said SpaceXAI will deploy its Vera CPUs, and plans to put an optimised Vera Rubin NVL72 system into orbit aboard a first-generation Starmind satellite.
Bloomberg counted the challengers on Monday. AMD’s data centre revenue more than doubled last quarter to $6.7bn. Broadcom expects to sell $56bn of custom AI chips this year.
Amazon chief executive Andy Jassy told analysts in July that a standalone Amazon chip business would turn over more than $25bn a year. Jon Peddie Research counts 150 companies working on more than 200 AI semiconductor designs.
Nvidia shares have risen 15% in 2026. The Philadelphia Stock Exchange Semiconductor Index has gained 66%.
Nvidia reports earnings on Wednesday. Analysts polled by Bloomberg estimate that revenue nearly doubled last quarter from a year earlier, to $92bn.
Nvidia did not respond to requests for comment from The Register or TechCrunch. Neither Nvidia nor Cloverleaf has put a figure on the stake.
The company is also in talks to invest in Perplexity at a valuation above $30bn, The Information reported on Monday. Its chip prices are rising about 17%, the same outlet reported last week, against the 15% figure server makers gave customers.
The size of the Cloverleaf stake is unconfirmed. The several hundred million dollar figure is the Wall Street Journal’s, attributed to one person familiar with the deal, and Nvidia has not confirmed it.
The Lancium figure is looser still. The Information puts it at billions without a number. The count of three land and power investments is that publication’s, and Nvidia has not framed the deals as a series.



                                    Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing hi                                                                        (show all)

Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing himself as one of the most connected and respected voices in the ecosystem. At just 23 years old, Cristian was included in the Forbes 30 Under 30 2025 list, representing a new generation of tech builders, bold thinkers who move fast, build with purpose, and create real impact.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
20,2026-08-24,"In recent years, Macs had been getting more and more affordable. Cheaper starting points, more memory and storage per dollar, and the introduction of MacBook Neo. For the first time, Apple had started to become one of the best values on the market.
Unfortunately, Apple just drastically increased its prices because of the ongoing memory shortage. Macs aren’t as appealing as they were a few weeks ago, that said, there’s still some decent deals out there – and if you’re in need of a new computer, I’d still say todays Macs are a good value against the rest of the computing market.
Up until the launch of MacBook Neo, the MacBook Air represented the entry point to Apple’s laptop lineup. Despite MacBook Neo making its value proposition slightly questionable, I’d still say MacBook Air is a great laptop if you want a better experience without needing anything premium.
MagSafe, a P3 color display, Center Stage on the webcam, and more battery life are just a few of the highlights with MacBook Air. It also comes with a 15-inch size variant, unlike MacBook Neo which only offers 13-inch.
Right now, you can find these discounts across the MacBook Air lineup:
13-inch MacBook Air:
15-inch MacBook Air:
This product doesn’t need a long explanation – MacBook Neo is Apple’s first affordable MacBook, coming in at just $699.
It has some compromises compared to the aforementioned MacBook Air, but it’s still incredibly good for the price. Build quality, display sharpness, and the macOS experience are all essentially uncompromised. Sure, you have to deal with a slower A18 Pro chip (though trust me, it’s no slouch), lesser ports, and 8GB of memory, but it’s perfectly reasonable for the price. It also comes in fun colors like Citrus, Blush, and Indigo.
There’s no notable retail discounts on MacBook Neo right now, though Apple does offer them refurbished for $100-120 off compared to retail pricing. Apple refurbished offers the same 1 year warranty and a like-new experience, with every major component being replaced. You won’t find any scuffs nor battery degradation.
At the top of the lineup is MacBook Pro. You get the best of the best, though there is one major caveat. Apple is reportedly redesigning the high-end variants of MacBook Pro later this year with OLED, touchscreens, and thinner designs.
That redesign will only debut with the M5 Pro and M5 Max chip, though – so if you’re someone buying the base model with the M5 chip, you’re still in the clear to buy a new MacBook today. Same applies if you don’t care about the redesign at all, since M5 Pro and M5 Max are still incredible new chips.
14-inch MacBook Pro deals:
16-inch MacBook Pro deals:
Check out exclusive free trials for Apple services:
Follow Michael: X/Twitter, Bluesky, Instagram
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Apple's premium laptop comes in 13- and 16-inch …
In 2008 Steve Jobs introduced the first ultra-th…
Michael is 9to5Mac’s Weekend Editor, keeping up with all of the latest Apple news on Saturday and Sunday. He got started in the world of Apple news during the pandemic, and it became a growing hobby. He’s also an indie iOS developer in his free time, and has published numerous apps over the years.

										Featuring two built in cables, a built in display, multiple ports, a 25,000mAh capacity, and up to 100W of output - this is one of the best battery banks for recharging your entire Apple ecosystem on the go.									

										Despite a new version reportedly being around a corner, I still personally believe AirPods Pro 2 are a great deal. They're already equipped with USB-C, and continually gain new software features. With them consistently going on sale, it's a great purchase to make. Features like Adaptive Audio are incredible.									"
21,2026-08-24,"
Nickname:



Password:



Nickname:



Password:



The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them.  We are not responsible for them in any way.

I have a Hackberry Pi, which is a cyberdeck built around the CM5.  It's... ok.  The biggest problem is that Raspberry Pis don't really have a power-saving mode, so you get maybe 4-5 hours of battery life.


And without active cooling, the thing gets really hot

But, it's a cool gadget and reasonable if you want an ultra-portable computing device.
I have a Hackberry Pi, which is a cyberdeck built around the CM5.  It's... ok.  The biggest problem is that Raspberry Pis don't really have a power-saving mode, so you get maybe 4-5 hours of battery life.And without active cooling, the thing gets really hot  But, it's a cool gadget and reasonable if you want an ultra-portable computing device.This looks like a similar concept. I like the high resolution screen and the proper Blackberry keyboard. If I can shoehorn a 4G modem in there it could almost replace a smartphone... https://www.tindie.com/product... [tindie.com] 
I have a Hackberry Pi, which is a cyberdeck built around the CM5.  It's... ok.  The biggest problem is that Raspberry Pis don't really have a power-saving mode, so you get maybe 4-5 hours of battery life.
And without active cooling, the thing gets really hot  
But, it's a cool gadget and reasonable if you want an ultra-portable computing device.
This looks like a similar concept. I like the high resolution screen and the proper Blackberry keyboard. If I can shoehorn a 4G modem in there it could almost replace a smartphone... https://www.tindie.com/product... [tindie.com] 
RasPis have become too expensive to be considered hobby or maker any longer. Of course this is mostly due to the AIpocalypse but even before this prices were creeping too high. You are better off picking up a used i7 ThinkPad. Just my opinion though. I've had lots of fun playing with RasPis over the years until the prices became absurd.
I hadn't looked in a while.
Pi5 mainboard is $250+ at microcenter;  so a cyberdeck here would be more than a cheap (likely better) used laptop.
If you don't care about the form factor/cool factor, and just want something with a bit of processing power on the go, a used laptop seems like a no-brainer.
Pi5 mainboard is $250+ at microcenterRaspberry Pi 5 - 1GB; ARM Cortex A76 Quad Core Processor; 1GB LPDDR4X RAM
16 IN STOCK
Our price $42.99 

8GB LPDDR4X RAM
25+ IN STOCK
Our price $169.99 

16GB LPDDR4X RAM
25 IN STOCK
Original price $279.99
Pi5 mainboard is $250+ at microcenter
Raspberry Pi 5 - 1GB; ARM Cortex A76 Quad Core Processor; 1GB LPDDR4X RAM
16 IN STOCK
Our price $42.99 

8GB LPDDR4X RAM
25+ IN STOCK
Our price $169.99 

16GB LPDDR4X RAM
25 IN STOCK
Original price $279.99
RasPis have become too expensive to be considered hobby or maker any longer.Raspberry Pi 5’s still begin at $45 and do an outstanding job at fulfilling their role. Giving a person an excellent platform to learn software and hardware. It is an amazingly capable embedded Linux environment. 

That fact that they offer higher end configuration for higher prices does not change this. These constitute supplemental sales that help keep the original mission going.
RasPis have become too expensive to be considered hobby or maker any longer.
Raspberry Pi 5’s still begin at $45 and do an outstanding job at fulfilling their role. Giving a person an excellent platform to learn software and hardware. It is an amazingly capable embedded Linux environment. 

That fact that they offer higher end configuration for higher prices does not change this. These constitute supplemental sales that help keep the original mission going.
I don't find the rpi 5 and equivalents to be particularly attractive at current price points.  I have a few around that do things like my media server, pihole, Homeassistant, etc and that's pretty much it.  For only a little bit more, you can get a decently configured AMD Ryzen sff box and call it a day.
Not ultra-portable, but more useful for things that I need to get done.
I read that as ""Tutorial For Making a Cybertruck"".  Figured it went something like:
1. Sell Pi on eBay.2. Buy Cybertruck.
Given the price increases on the former and the price drops on the latter, soon it might be feasible
Even more capable than a pi5, with built-in battery, wifi, bluetooth, no need for cooling, etc, I think it would be more fun to make a cyberdeck that looks like it's built on an RPi but is really hiding an old cellphone inside.
There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead.
Trump Admin Moves to Impose More Than $100K Fee For H-1B Worker Visas
China Delays Ambitious Chang'e 7 Lunar Mission Until 2027
""If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward,
then we are a sorry lot indeed.""
-- Albert Einstein"
22,2026-08-24,"A Stanford analysis of 29.4 million LinkedIn profiles estimates that a 2026 snapshot overstates how common AI skills were in 2022 by around 30%, three weeks after EU rules made hiring AI high-risk
A working paper analysing 29.4 million US LinkedIn profiles found nearly a fifth had retroactively edited a job they had already left, with AI-related additions rising more than sixfold since ChatGPT launched. The authors estimate a 2026 snapshot overstates 2022 AI skills by about 30%.
The record of who did what at work is quietly being rewritten. A National Bureau of Economic Research working paper tracking 29.4 million US LinkedIn profiles found that nearly a fifth had retroactively changed the title or description of a job the person had already left.
What gets added has a clear direction. Retroactive additions of terms including “AI“, “GPT“, “LLM” and “artificial intelligence” to previous roles have risen more than sixfold since ChatGPT was released in late 2022.
Things are also disappearing. By the end of 2025 workers were adding remote-work language about as often as they were deleting it, and additions of diversity and inclusion terms fell sharply in early 2025.
The authors call the practice time travel. The median edit landed more than four years after the job in question had ended.
It is not evenly spread. Technology and information leads at 31.6%, ahead of arts and entertainment at 25% and professional and scientific services at 24.1%, against a study-wide rate of 19.7%.
The researchers are careful about what this means, and so should everyone else be. Adding AI language is not proof of exaggeration, since people may be supplying detail they left out or describing old work in current vocabulary.
The finding that travels furthest is not about workers at all. The paper estimates that a 2026 snapshot of LinkedIn would overstate how common AI-related skills were in 2022 by around 30%.
That is a measurement problem for everyone. Career history is the substrate under a great deal of labour-market research and under the models sorting applicants, in a market where an AI-on-AI war already shapes hiring.
In Europe it became a compliance question three weeks ago. AI systems used in recruitment and employment decisions moved into the AI Act’s high-risk tier on 2 August.
Article 10 sets the bar those systems must clear. Training data must be relevant, sufficiently representative and, to the best extent possible, free of errors and complete, in a regime still arguing about jobs and how far the rules should reach.
Nobody drafted that clause with profile edits in mind. But a company training a hiring model on career history now has a published, numbered estimate of how much of that history was written afterwards.



                                    With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding &amp; identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate                                                                        (show all)

With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding & identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate with our target audience in the software/SaaS industry. Collaboration and teamwork are paramount to her, as she loves empowering her colleagues to achieve outstanding results and unlock their full potential.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
23,2026-08-24,"Breakfast is often cited as the most important meal of the day, so why waste it on a bowl of cereal?
Across the country, hole-in-the-wall diners, cozy cafés, and decades-old institutions have become known for signature breakfast dishes, famous customers, or simply for serving generations of loyal regulars.
While there might be some debate about which spot is truly the most iconic, we identified famous breakfast restaurants in every state based on their longevity, reputation, famous dishes, and local history.
From beignets at New Orleans' Café du Monde to classic Southern breakfasts at The Waysider in Tuscaloosa, these restaurants offer more than a good plate of eggs and pancakes — they offer a slice of local pride.
Here are some of the most iconic breakfast restaurants in every state.
The Waysider is a Tuscaloosa institution. In fact, it's the city's oldest operating restaurant. Legendary Alabama football coach Bear Bryant was a regular, and the restaurant is still filled with memorabilia for all devoted Roll Tide fans to enjoy.
It's known for classic Southern breakfasts, including biscuits, grits, country ham, and gravy.
Snow City Cafe has been a popular downtown Anchorage breakfast spot since its opening in 1998.
During a 2015 visit to the state, President Barack Obama stopped by the cafe and ordered $18.25 worth of cinnamon rolls and muffins to go, the Anchorage Daily News reported.
The menu includes Alaskan takes on breakfast classics, including eggs Benedict with salmon cakes.
Matt's Big Breakfast opened in downtown Phoenix in 2004 in a small, 800-square-foot space. It quickly became known for its long lines. They've since expanded into a larger location due to demand.
The restaurant focuses on simple breakfasts made with high-quality ingredients, including cage-free eggs, freshly squeezed orange juice, and real maple syrup.
The restaurant later appeared on an episode of Guy Fieri's ""Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives,"" cementing its status as a local legend.
The Pancake Shop has served breakfast in downtown Hot Springs since 1940, making it one of the city's longtime dining institutions.
The restaurant is known for its made-from-scratch pancakes, fresh-squeezed orange juice, and homemade sausage, and its original 1940 menu still hangs inside for patrons to see.
Du-par's has been a local institution since James Dunn and Edward Parsons opened it at the Original Farmers Market in Los Angeles in 1938.
The restaurant is best known for its buttermilk hotcakes, made with the same recipe the kitchen used in 1938. Along with its famous pancakes, the longtime diner is known for other classic American comfort foods, diner favorites, and housemade pies and pastries.
Opened by brothers Adam and Jon Schlegel in Denver's Ballpark neighborhood in 2006, Snooze has become one of Denver's best-known brunch spots.
It later expanded into a national chain and now operates about 70 locations across 10 states.
It's particularly known for creative pancake flavors, eggs Benedict, and its pancake flight, which lets diners choose several pancake flavors.
Laurel Diner has been serving Southbury since 1949 and retains the feel of a traditional roadside diner. The small cash-only restaurant still has its counter stools and serves classic diner breakfasts, including its best-known dish, its house-made corned beef hash and home fries.
Kozy Korner traces its history to 1922, when John Vouras opened the original restaurant in Wilmington.
Although its original building was demolished in 1984, the family-run restaurant continued in a new location with another crowd-pleasing menu.
The restaurant has been repeatedly recognized by Delaware Today for serving the best breakfast in the state, according to its website.
Blue Heaven, which is located in a venue with a history tied to Ernest Hemingway, opened in Key West's Bahama Village in 1992.
The restaurant is known for its outdoor courtyard, roaming chickens, and live music, as well as its popular breakfast favorites, including eggs Benedict, shrimp and grits, and pancakes.
Home Grown, which opened in Atlanta in 2010, has become one of the city's best-known breakfast spots, serving traditional Southern comfort food in a casual, retro-country diner setting.
Featured in the Michelin Guide, the restaurant is especially famous for its Comfy Chicken Biscuit, which combines fried chicken, a large Southern biscuit, and sausage gravy.
Eggs 'n Things, which has been serving breakfast in Honolulu since 1974, has largely become known for its large breakfast plates, particularly pancakes topped with local fruit and generous amounts of whipped cream.
The restaurant's popularity in the community and among tourists has led to additional locations in Guam, Hawaii, and Japan.
Goldy's Breakfast Bistro has been a downtown Boise breakfast destination since 1999.
The small restaurant is known for its eggs Benedict and large breakfast plates, including diner favorites such as chicken-fried steak.
Lou Mitchell's has been serving Chicago since 1923, predating the establishment of nearby Route 66 by three years.
Its location near the highway's historic starting point made the restaurant a longtime stop for travelers beginning the drive west, and it's also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The restaurant is also known for handing out complimentary doughnut holes to customers waiting for a table — a tradition that dates back decades.
The first Cafe Patachou opened in Indianapolis in 1989, and the café has since built its reputation on made-to-order breakfasts and relationships with local farmers and producers.
Bon Appétit later named it one of the country's best breakfast spots, according to the restaurant's website.
Waveland Cafe has been serving Des Moines since 1984 and is best known for its hash browns, which the restaurant calls the ""best hashbrowns in the galaxy.""
Its customers over the years have included politicians, journalists, and celebrities, including Iowa local Jason Momoa, who called the establishment his favorite breakfast spot.
The restaurant even named its signature breakfast, the ""Da Momoa,"" after the actor. It includes a full order of hash browns, a full order of biscuits and gravy, two sunny-side-up eggs, and a side of bacon.
Doo-Dah Diner opened in Wichita in 2012 and built a following with its oversize takes on classic breakfast plates and complimentary sticky monkey bread.
Other menu favorites include banana-bread French toast and the Brutus, which combines chicken-fried steak, hash browns, sausage gravy, onions, and eggs.
Open since 1922, Wagner's Pharmacy has been located across from Churchill Downs and has spent much of that time feeding horse trainers, jockeys, owners, and racing fans who gather there from near and far.
Its walls are covered in horse-racing memorabilia, and the restaurant has appeared in movies including ""Secretariat,"" making it a local institution, particularly during Derby season.
Café du Monde has been serving customers in New Orleans' French Market since 1862. Its menu is famously limited, with its best-known order consisting of three fried beignets covered in powdered sugar and a cup of chicory coffee or café au lait.
The combination has become one of the foods most closely associated with New Orleans, making the café not just a breakfast spot but also a tourist destination.
Palace Diner may be small, but it is entirely worth the cramped quarters. The restaurant, housed in a former train dining car, has been in operation since 1927.
Visitors flock to the unique restaurant for a classic diner breakfast, fried chicken sandwich, and other diner specialties.
Miss Shirley's Cafe has been putting a Maryland spin on Southern breakfast since it opened in Baltimore in 2005.
Named after founder Eddie Dopkin's friend Shirley McDowell, the restaurant is known for dishes like shrimp and grits, chicken and waffles, and several takes on eggs Benedict.
In a state famous for seafood, the menu also finds plenty of ways to bring local flavors into brunch.
Miss Florence Diner doesn't have to try overly hard or stock up on kitschy decor to look like an old-fashioned diner.
Operating from a preserved Worcester Lunch Car Company dining car, the vintage diner still has many of its original features and was even added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
More than 80 years after its founding, it's still serving pancakes, eggs, bacon, and other classic New England diner breakfasts.
This small Lansing restaurant is covered in colorful signs, stickers, and artwork inside and out, making it hard to miss when driving through town.
In addition to its quirky decor, this restaurant is equally well known for its over-the-top breakfasts, from creative pancakes and French toast to massive omelets. It's also known for long waits, limited seating, and a daily menu written on whiteboards that changes frequently.
Al's Breakfast in the city's Dinkytown neighborhood has been a Minneapolis institution since 1950, and customers regularly line up behind the restaurant's limited number of stools waiting for their turn to eat.
The tiny restaurant has also received one of the industry's biggest honors — a James Beard America's Classics award — and has also been featured on ""Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.""
Big Bad Breakfast has expanded across the South, but it got its start in Oxford in 2008. The restaurant comes from James Beard Award-winning chef John Currence, who built the menu around Southern breakfast staples like biscuits, grits, eggs, and house-cured meats.
Its success in Oxford eventually turned Big Bad Breakfast into a regional chain with locations across several states.
Billy Gail's is the kind of breakfast place where ordering pancakes can become a photo opportunity. The Branson-area restaurant is famous for its enormous omelets and pancakes, which stretch well beyond the edges of the plate, along with oversize portions of biscuits and gravy, French toast, and other diner favorites.
The large portions and cozy diner setting have made it a popular breakfast stop for visitors and locals alike.
The Western Cafe has been part of downtown Bozeman since it opened in the 1940s and is now run by three generations of the same Montana family.
Its menu is about as Montana as breakfast gets, with dishes like chicken-fried steak and eggs, biscuits and gravy, and its famous ""Bobcat"" French toast, a nod to the nearby Montana State University.
You might want to bring someone along if you're looking to split a cinnamon roll at Tina's Cafe.
This small Lincoln restaurant is known for scratch-made cinnamon rolls that are roughly the size of a dinner plate and dripping with icing, along with hand-shredded hash browns and other classic breakfasts.
The Peppermill has been serving the Las Vegas Strip since 1972, and its neon-lit, over-the-top interior still pays homage to that era. The restaurant is known for large breakfast portions and its adjoining Fireside Lounge, complete with a sunken fire pit.
The restaurant has also appeared in iconic movies and TV shows, including ""Casino,"" and in 2024, the James Beard Foundation named the Peppermill an America's Classics award winner.
Polly's Pancake Parlor has been serving pancakes in New Hampshire's White Mountains since 1938, when Polly and Wilfred Dexter began making them to promote their homemade maple products. Back then, you could order all-you-can-eat pancakes, waffles, and French toast for 50 cents.
The restaurant won a James Beard America's Classics award in 2006.
Tops Diner in East Newark, New Jersey, opened in 1942 and has been serving its iconic breakfast plates, burgers, meatloaf, and famous disco fries ever since.
In 2017, Time Out named Tops the best diner in the country, and in 2015, Thrillist called it the ""most iconic"" restaurant in New Jersey.
Frontier has been a favorite among University of New Mexico students and Albuquerque locals since it opened in 1971.
It's best known for Southwestern breakfast staples like burritos, homemade tortillas, and its famous Frontier Sweet Roll, a large cinnamon roll.
Clinton St. Baking Company has been open on the Lower East Side of Manhattan since 2001 and has become known for its fluffy pancakes with specialty toppings like maple butter or wild Maine blueberries.
Prepare to wait a while to grab breakfast here — wait times can stretch up to two hours at peak weekend brunch times.
Big Ed's was opened in 1958 by Wake County native ""Big Ed"" Watkins, who used recipes from his family's farm to inspire the first menu.
The City Market location opened in 1989 and has become one of the most popular breakfast destinations in Raleigh, specializing in old-fashioned North Carolina country breakfasts with plenty of biscuits, eggs, country ham, and grits.
The Shack on Broadway isn't anything fancy, but its all-day breakfast has kept locals coming back again and again.
Famous for its buttermilk pancakes, omelets, hash browns, and other classic diner breakfast staples, this breakfast spot's straightforward menu has made it a longtime favorite in Fargo.
Sugar n' Spice has served the Cincinnati community since 1941, and very little has changed at the diner since then.
Known for its thin pancakes and fluffy, oversize omelets, this longtime favorite breakfast spot also sends each guest home with something less edible, but just as memorable: tiny rubber ducks.
Cafe Kacao, which opened in 2006, stands out among Oklahoma City institutions for its focus on Guatemalan and Latin American flavors.
Featured on Yelp's list of the 100 best restaurants in the country and named best breakfast in Oklahoma by the Travel Channel, one bite of this family-owned restaurant's breakfast will show you why it's so acclaimed.
Otis Cafe was originally housed in an iconic historic building before a 2019 fire forced it to relocate to a new location in the Taft district.
This family-run restaurant is known for serving scratch-made breakfast all day and for a few German breakfast classics, including German-style potatoes and marionberry pie.
Shady Maple is one of the most famous breakfast buffets in the country, but even that reputation doesn't quite capture its scale.
Opened in 1985, Shady Maple has grown into a 161,000-square-foot restaurant that can seat nearly 1,200 people at one time.
Its breakfast offerings include an enormous spread of eggs, pancakes, meats, baked goods, and Pennsylvania Dutch specialties — all served in what has been described as the largest buffet in the country.
While Rhode Island may be better known for its seafood, this classic Ocean State diner also reflects the small state's culinary history.
Housed inside a 1940 Sterling Streamliner, Modern Diner was the first diner in the country to be accepted onto the National Register of Historic Places — it was listed in 1978. It is a Pawtucket landmark, famous for its classic breakfast plates and distinctive decor.
Millers All Day may not be the most historic restaurant on this list, but it's just as iconic.
Opened in 2018 and helmed by chef Nathan Thurston and farmer and miller Greg Johnsman, the menu features a modern spin on classic Southern breakfast favorites like biscuit sandwiches and shrimp and grits.
Phillips Avenue Diner is known throughout the state for its retro feel and massive breakfast plates, including pancakes, omelets, and other classic American breakfast items.
The restaurant operated as the Market Diner inside a silver Airstream trailer until 1996, when it moved to downtown Sioux Falls and became known as the Phillips Avenue Diner in a new brick-and-mortar location.
The Loveless Cafe opened in 1951, when Lon and Annie Loveless began serving homemade fried chicken and biscuits to travelers from their home along Highway 100. Their food was so popular that the Lovelesses turned their house into a full-blown restaurant and added a 14-room motel to expand their business.
More than 70 years later, Annie's famous biscuits are still a signature item on the menu, and the Nashville landmark welcomes more than half a million visitors a year, according to the restaurant's website.
Opened in 2001, The Breakfast Klub has become one of Houston's most iconic institutions, thanks to its famous ""Katfish"" and grits and wings and waffles.
The Black-owned restaurant has garnered national recognition from outlets including ""Good Morning America,"" USA Today, Esquire, and Forbes.
Ruth's Diner allows guests to dine in a former trolley car that operated in the early 1900s, but has since been moved and restored. The restaurant focuses on brunch foods, serving cinnamon roll French toast, huevos rancheros, and deep-fried mac and cheese.
When ""Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives"" host Guy Fieri visited the restaurant, he said he couldn't get enough of the fluffy biscuits.
Perhaps nothing is more signature Vermont than pancakes with maple syrup. Maple Sugar & Vermont Spice is located right where the action is, on the grounds of a historic Mendon maple farm, where visitors can watch sap being boiled into syrup.
In addition to pancakes, guests can try the famous syrup with other breakfast staples, or purchase maple candy and other products to take home.
Pocahontas Pancake and Waffle House has been serving up breakfast in the Virginia Beach oceanfront area since 1974, but rose to national fame in 2002 when the Food Network's ""Best Of"" series named it the best pancake house in Virginia Beach.
Its most popular menu item is, unsurprisingly, its pancakes drenched in butter and maple syrup, but it also serves other breakfast staples like Belgian waffles, French toast, eggs, and omelets.
Built in 1937, Maltby Cafe has served breakfasts for decades from the basement of a former schoolhouse gym.
The restaurant is known locally for its massive portions and oversize cinnamon rolls, which have become one of the café's signature dishes.
If there's one item this Beckley diner is famous for, it's omelets.
The restaurant serves breakfast around the clock, seven days a week, making it a favorite for locals and travelers looking for eggs, pancakes, biscuits and gravy, and, of course, omelets at any hour.
Franks Diner has been serving the city of Kenosha since 1926 in an original Jerry O'Mahony lunch car, where it still stands today.
Wisconsin's oldest continuously operating diner, this local favorite is best known for its Garbage Plate: a hefty breakfast of eggs, hash browns, meat, cheese, and vegetables that has become the diner's signature dish.
Nora's Fish Creek Inn has been a Jackson Hole breakfast staple since Nora and Marvin Tygum opened it in 1982.
Housed inside a rustic 1930s-era log cabin, the restaurant is famous for its large portions of breakfast favorites like huevos rancheros and pancakes, as well as fresh pan-fried Idaho trout.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
24,2026-08-24,"Alongside an in-depth digital camera market share breakdown, the annual Nikkei Industry Map also analyzes global market share for many other industries, including digital image sensors.
[Read More]"
25,2026-08-24,"Authorities in China have launched an investigation into reports of formaldehyde being used to preserve the freshness of cabbages for human consumption.
Officials in the north-eastern Hebei province confirmed that they had verified footage showing individuals dipping cabbages in a solution before loading them onto trucks for transportation.
An environmental blogger first released the footage last week. Using formaldehyde, a colourless chemical used for preserving biological specimens that is known to cause cancer, for keeping food fresh is strictly prohibited in China.
China is the world's largest producer of cabbages, most of which are exported to neighbouring countries in Asia.
Police have taken legal action against the individuals involved, according to state media.
Officials are now moving swiftly to prevent panic and restore confidence by carrying out spot checks on markets across the country.
Chinese state media says investigators will also establish how widespread the practice is and take measures to trace affected vegetables.
Local authorities in Kangbao county said in a statement issued on Saturday: ""Any illegal or non-compliant practices discovered will be dealt with strictly in accordance with the law to ensure the safety of the vegetable supply.""
Xinfadi market in Beijing, one of the major sources of fresh produce in the capital, issued a statement saying that it had investigated the source of its cabbages, adding that none of the affected vegetables had entered its market. 
The incident has generated widespread media attention in China.
An editorial in the People's Daily wrote: ""The wholesalers focused solely on their immediate economic interests while completely disregarding the lives and health of consumers. [They] crossed a legal red line and breached the moral bottom line.""
China produces well over 30 million tonnes of cabbages each year, nearly half of the world's annual total. Vietnam, South Korea and Russia are among the largest export destinations for the vegetable.
Exposure to relatively high quantities of formaldehyde in some workplaces has been linked to some types of cancer in humans, but the effect of exposure to small amounts is less clear, according to the American Cancer Society.
Rising heat and water scarcity are deepening old caste inequalities in Bundelkhand region, activists say. 
There have been protests since the girl was found dead last week, three days after she went missing.
The former skippers say it is ""basic decency"" for Pakistan to comply with a court-ordered medical assessment.
Corporate India's most coveted top job is open. But finding a new leader for Tata Sons is no easy task. 
Confirmation of the circumstances around Do Ngoc Phuong Thuy's death have only spurred more questions.
Copyright 2026 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
26,2026-08-24,"
            The Republican Party’s response to questions about the continued economic pain ahead of the 2026 midterm elections is now essentially: A noun, a verb and “Joe Biden.”
    

            But President Donald Trump can’t stop undermining this blame-Biden strategy — and giving his party major new headaches.
    

            He’s made several economy-shaking moves that not only risk the GOP’s 2026 hopes, but also link the state of the economy directly to him and his party.
    

            In recent days, Trump has doubled down on an all-out “economic D-Day” against Iran that could drag into the closing weeks of the election, announced a major intervention into the beef market that could harm the domestic industry and now launched what appears to be a real trade war with Canada.
    

            All three appear to be giving at least some in his party heartburn about what they could mean for the 2026 election.
    

            And the latter moves could cause the GOP problems in some key states with crucial Senate races.
    

            The big question with the Iran strategy: Is it actually a good strategy or is it just the strategy that the administration has left, after military strikes failed to force Iran to capitulate?
    

            Regardless, it’s a strategy that likely brings the war and its domestic harm to the US economy (read: $4 per gallon gasoline) dangerously close to when Americans will be voting. The election is just 71 days away, and it will take time to figure out whether all-out economic pressure on Iran will pay dividends.
    

            And this is a war that the administration predicted would last four to six weeks when it began in late February. The whole thing has led to increased grumbling and uncertainty among Republicans about a prolonged war endangering their House and Senate majorities.
    

            Adding to that political anxiety are two other recent economic moves by Trump, which could play significantly in some important states.
    

            First came Trump’s decision to try to alleviate high beef prices by temporarily pausing tariffs on imported beef, and allowing up to 300,000 metric tons of ground beef to be imported tariff-free for the next 90 days.
    

            The move has been pretty roundly lambasted by US cattle producers. It’s also been criticized by GOP senators in some top cattle-producing states, whose industries could suffer. And some of them feature key Senate races.
    

            The two top cattle-producing states are Nebraska and Texas, which are both hosting significant Senate races in 2026. Nebraska GOP Sen. Pete Ricketts, who faces independent Dan Osborn in November, posted on X: “Flooding the market with lower quality beef compromises Nebraska farmers and ranchers.”
    

            Iowa is in the top 10 in that category and also has a competitive open Senate race this year. There, GOP Sen. Chuck Grassley said he was “concerned for the cattle markets” and cited the recent closure of a Tyson beef plant just across the Iowa-Illinois border in Joslin, Illinois. And Rep. Ashley Hinson, the GOP candidate in the state’s open Senate race, added: “I want to lower prices but this is a bad idea.”
    

            And perhaps the most unwelcome new Trump move is his ramped-up 50% tariffs on Canadian goods. This risks a pitched trade war with the US’ northern neighbor that could raise prices at a very bad time for the GOP.
    

            It could also raise prices more in some states Republicans particularly want to keep happy — i.e. more key Senate races in states that border Canada and trade extensively in it. In fact, four of the six states rated as toss-ups by the Cook Political Report border Canada: Alaska, Maine, Michigan and Ohio.
    

            Maine’s Susan Collins, the only GOP senator up for reelection in a state Trump lost in 2024 and therefore a top Democratic target, said Saturday tariffs “will increase costs for Maine families” and that the whiplash of trade negotiations is causing “higher costs, risk, and uncertainty for Maine businesses.”
    

            Senate Majority Leader John Thune said last month when asked about the potential 50% Canada tariffs that he was “not a huge fan of tariffs as a general rule” and said he had not seen a “rationale” for them.
    

            But even beyond the impact on specific states, the moves jeopardize the GOP’s broader economic message — trying to pass the buck onto Biden.
    

            It’s become abundantly clear that the stock GOP talking point on questions about persistent inflation and poor jobs numbers is to cite the Biden administration and the lingering effects of its purported economic mismanagement. Inflation peaked even higher back during Biden’s term (and that was also the case throughout the world amid the Covid-19 pandemic).
    

            The administration’s strategy of blaming economic ills on the former president dates back to last year. But it has become much more conspicuous both in the frequency of its usage and because of the large amount of time elapsed since Biden was actually president (now more than 19 months).
    

            But Trump already undercut that message by launching his global tariffs early in his second term and then the Iran war back in February — two major actions that made it very simple for people to connect whatever happened with the economy and inflation specifically to him.
    

            What’s more, Trump already accepted ownership of the economy. He told NBC News early this year that it was now the “Trump economy.” Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick said in September 2025 that the “economy that Donald Trump owns starts at the end of this year” — i.e. when the calendar turned to 2026.
    

            And voters seem to agree. A Reuters-Ipsos poll in February showed that majorities of Americans said Trump would be more responsible for major economic problems, while very few said Biden would be more responsible.
    

            Now Trump is doubling down on the same types of major economic interventions that led people to those conclusions, with just more than two months until the midterms.
    

This story has been updated with additional context.

© 2026 Cable News Network. A Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.
Scan the QR code to download the CNN app on Google Play.
Scan the QR code to download the CNN app from the Apple Store."
27,2026-08-24,The creator of the world's first 3D-printed gun claims he's developed a way to thwart government-mandated software meant to block 3D printers from making firearms. It's an opening volley in what's shaping up to be an evolving battle between regulators trying …
28,2026-08-24,"GOP Sen. Tom Cotton called Trump's action ""ill-advised.""
A growing number of lawmakers are pushing back on a pair of trade-related decisions President Donald Trump has announced in recent days, including his move to allow more foreign beef into the United States along with an escalating tariff fight with Canada.
Republican congressmen from cattle states warn that the new tariffs from Canada could raise prices for American consumers and that Trump's beef plan could harm American ranchers. All of this is coming as the midterm elections are less than three months away and Republicans are under pressure over the cost of living. 
Lawmakers from farm states say Trump is favoring foreign beef over American ranchers 
Trump's announcement that he would temporarily lift tariffs on imported ground beef raised alarms with many Republicans from agricultural states who argued that while there is a need to lower grocery prices, this decision does it at the expense of American ranchers. 
Nebraska Republican Sen. Deb Fischer who is a cattle rancher herself posted on X that ""flooding the market with foreign beef hurts our livestock industry and undermines the long-term solution: growing the U.S. cattle herd to meet demand.""
Another close Trump ally, Montana Republican Sen. Tim Sheehy, also criticized the administration's decision and said he even advised against it.
""I’ve advised President Trump against this course of action for a year because American ranchers have been struggling against the packer monopoly for decades, and this will further harm them - most of whom are MAGA Republicans,” Sen. Sheehy posted on social media.
""... the reality is this action will make it more difficult for American ranchers to rebuild our herd and bring prices down for the American people. And most importantly, this will harm our ranching families who feed the nation.""
GOP Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas called Trump's action ""ill-advised.""
""Beef prices are too high for a simple reason: Our cattle herd is too small. Imported beef below market prices will only put more pressure on our cattlemen. I have advised the President against this ill-advised action in the past and I now urge him to reconsider. We need to support our cattlemen, grow the herd, and let the market work,"" Cotton said in a social media post over the weekend.
Republican Rep. Ashley Hinson of Iowa, who is running for Senate and received Trump's endorsement in the race, called the move ""a bad idea.""
""I want to lower prices but this is a bad idea. Iowa cattle producers raise the highest quality beef in the world. They've faced tough market conditions for years, and increasing beef imports would lead to more uncertainty and instability for our farmers,"" Hinson wrote in a post on X.
Republican Sen. Thom Tillis, who spoke with reporters at the Capitol on Monday, slammed the administration for causing an issue related to affordability so close to the midterms. 
""If you think that providing subsidized beef for some period of time is going to make farmers happy and prices go down on a systemic basis, you’re wrong. Doesn’t happen,"" the North Carolina Republican said.
""We’ve got 71 days and right now we don't have a positive message to tell farm country,"" he added. 
The White House said that the president has ""repeatedly affirmed his support for America’s ranchers and farmers.""
""While the Administration will be easing tariffs on beef imports to address a short-term supply crunch, the Administration is simultaneously working closely with ranchers to grow America’s cattle-herd size, which is currently at a multi-decade low,"" White House spokesman Kush Desai wrote in a statement.
Lawmakers react to uncertainty amid fluctuating Canada negotiations
As trade talks with Canada broke down after months of negotiations, leaders on both sides of the border have escalated their attacks, threatening to raise tariffs on goods coming into their respective country -- garnering pushback from lawmakers who have close economic ties with Canada.
Republican Sen. Susan Collins, who is running for reelection in Maine, argued the retaliatory tariffs will mean higher costs for families. Collins has been an ardent opponent of Trump’s Canada tariffs in the past. 
""The on-again/off-again trade talks between the U.S. and Canada lead to higher costs, risk, and uncertainty for Maine businesses. If the Administration proceeds with these tariffs, they will increase costs for Maine families, as most businesses will have no choice but to pass on the tariffs to their customers through higher prices,"" she wrote in a post on X. 
Yet despite her opposition, Trump's threats are now becoming a campaign talking point as Democratic challengers attempt to tie their Republican opponent to Trump's policies.
Collins' Democratic challenger Troy Jackson called the tariffs a ""direct tax on working families.""
""Having spent most of my life working along the border, I know how vital trade with Canada is to Maine. Trump’s tariffs are a direct tax on working families,"" ABC News has reached out to the White House for reaction to the Republicans' comments.
And in Michigan, a state that has a robust trading partnership with Canada, Democratic Senate candidate Abdul El-Sayed said Republican Rep. Mike Rogers would be a ""rubber stamp"" for Trump in the Senate as Rogers has largely defended the president's trade strategy, arguing that economic pressure on Canada is necessary to protect American jobs.
""Trump is escalating a trade war with Canada for his own vanity,"" El-Sayed wrote in a social media post. ""Even before this new round, Canadian tariffs were costing Michigan families an additional $3,200 a year. It’s going to get much worse.""
Rogers' campaign declined to comment on the new round of tariffs on Canada -- instead pointing to his past comments on increasing U.S. manufacturing.
The White House said the tariffs put Americans first.
""Countless American workers, farmers, and businesses have borne the brunt of America's lopsided trade relations, including with Canada which has demanded total access to the American market without reciprocity,"" Desai wrote in a statement. ""President Trump will never stop fighting to put Americans and America First.""
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events"
29,2026-08-24,"Genesis is, by now, a nearly 20-year-old name.
When Tedros Mengiste joined the Hyundai brand five years ago as an executive director of sales operations, he described the internal workings of Genesis as ""ground floor.""
His team was about 37 people, Mengiste told Business Insider, and along the way, he had to build the processes, go-to-market strategies, and the reports they'd use to measure how the business was doing.
""That's tough, but you find some bright minds that are eager to create something new — like a startup,"" Mengiste said. ""We were really a startup.""
Mengiste now oversees a team of roughly 200 employees.
Of course, Genesis isn't really a startup. Under the hood, the brand is backed by the multibillion-dollar Hyundai Motor Group — South Korea's national pride and one of the world's largest automotive companies.
A decade after Genesis spun out of Hyundai and became a stand-alone luxury brand, its executives say that operating with the mentality of a young company while tapping into the resources of an auto giant has helped Genesis grow quickly.
""When you have that type of, not just economic and investment backing, but the level of talent and experience to draw on, I think it gives you confidence to be bold and daring,"" Mengiste said.
The first Genesis model was introduced in 2008 under the Hyundai name. At the time, the rear-wheel-drive sedan was a major departure for the automaker, which was best known for affordable, mass-market cars.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
In 2015, Hyundai spun Genesis out into an independent luxury brand, with ambitions to compete more directly with the BMWs and Mercedes-Benzes of the automotive world. Hyundai later said it established an ""autonomous business unit,"" with dedicated teams for marketing, product, brand, and sales planning.
Since then, Genesis has expanded its portfolio from sedans into a lineup of SUVs, EVs, and performance cars. On Wednesday, the brand unveiled its first full-size SUV, the GV90.
While Genesis still accounts for a fraction of Hyundai's overall sales, it's become an important part of the parent company's push into more profitable luxury cars.
In 2025, Genesis sold a record 221,482 vehicles, while Hyundai Motor Company sold 4.1 million vehicles.
A company spokesperson said Hyundai has increased support for Genesis as it has grown, citing investments in product development, design, manufacturing, and customer experience. Last year, Genesis opened a dedicated design center in El Segundo, California. It also announced plans for 22 new or ""significantly enhanced"" vehicles through 2030.
An automaker startup could only dream of having the kind of backing Genesis has.
Nowhere is that clearer than Hyundai's massive global manufacturing network, with a total annual production capacity of more than 4 million vehicles — not including Kia Corporation, another car company it owns.
Mengiste, who previously worked at Nissan, Infiniti, and Ford, said Hyundai's manufacturing prowess allows the brand to move quickly between different models and powertrains.
""It's an amazing thing to see,"" Mengiste said. ""I've never seen the speed and the flexibility that I have seen at Hyundai Motor Company.""
The COO added that Genesis draws from other critical Hyundai resources, such as its advertising firm, engineering and research, steel production, and shipping.
""When the cars are done, the ship is waiting right there — our ships,"" Mengiste said. ""We build the ships, and we have the Glovis logistics firm that ships our cars for us.""
At the same time, Genesis doesn't always get first priority.
Hyundai recently moved production of Genesis' GV70 SUV — the brand's most popular car in North America — out of Alabama and back to South Korea. The move came months after Genesis said it was doubling down on US production.
Mengiste said Hyundai's own growth in the US tightened capacity at the Alabama plant. The decision made more room for Hyundai production, he said.
It's a clash that's familiar to many large companies. Uber COO Andrew Macdonald recently called it the ""classic innovator's dilemma"" — a massive core business can swallow the resources and management attention that newer ventures need.
Still, Mengiste said Hyundai has been ""doubling down on Genesis a lot."" The imperative remains to show results.
""The company will invest and maybe even be patient,"" he said of Hyundai. ""But at some point, you have to deliver. And if you show signs of delivery and consistency, you get more investment, and you can then increase the speed of your growth.""
Have a tip? Contact this reporter via email at lloydlee@businessinsider.com or Signal at lloydlee.71. Use a personal email address, a nonwork WiFi network, and a nonwork device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
30,2026-08-24,"Computer programmer Fei Zhaojun's boss asked him if artificial intelligence could soon replace humans in coding jobs.  Two weeks later, he was laid off from..."
31,2026-08-24,"KPMG Australia is laying off hundreds of staff amid a major whistleblower-led scandal and slowing demand for consulting.
The Big Four firm plans to reduce its workforce by approximately 5%, KPMG Australia said in its annual earnings release on Monday.
That includes 27 partners and 360 employees. Most of the affected roles will be in the consulting business, the company said.
KPMG Australia employs roughly 10,000 people, including 600 partners, according to its website.
KPMG said it had made the decision regarding layoffs after reviewing its costs and future workforce needs in response to continued economic weakness, difficult market conditions, and the impact of its conduct and whistleblower matters.
Since March, KPMG has been battling whistleblower allegations that it misused confidential client information to bid for audit contracts.
KPMG Australia's CEO, audit boss, and chairman have since stepped down, and the firm has confirmed the misuse of internal documents by staff. There is an ongoing parliamentary inquiry into its conduct.
At a parliamentary hearing in Canberra on August 13, Deborah O'Neill, a Labor Party senator and chair of the committee investigating KPMG's conduct, said there ""are many, many more who are contacting us and they are talking about a repeat of the same behaviour.""
Have a tip about working in consulting?
Contact this reporter via email at pthompson@businessinsider.com or Signal at Polly_Thompson.89. Use a personal email address, a nonwork WiFi network, and a nonwork device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.
While revenue grew across four of KPMG Australia's five core divisions, its advisory business has slowed in 16.9% over the last year to June 30, KPMG said in the earnings release. Annual revenue was down 1% compared to the previous financial year.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
John Sams, the CEO of KPMG Australia as of late July, said in a press release on Monday that he expects economic growth to remain subdued until at least 2028.
""We also recognize the challenges created by our own failings, and the work we must continue to do to rebuild trust,"" Sams said.
KPMG employs over 276,000 people worldwide, according to its latest global results. In April, the US branch of KPMG cut roughly 400 consultants in its advisory division amid slowing demand and lower attrition rates than expected.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
32,2026-08-24,"When I first moved from the US to Italy in 2022, I expected some cultural differences, like slower-paced dinners, smaller coffee sizes, and fewer 24/7 conveniences.
However, what surprised me most was how different something as simple as grocery shopping felt. The products on the shelves weren't the only thing that had changed — I felt the entire rhythm, environment, and unspoken etiquette of the chore had, too.
Though I returned to the States earlier this year, here are six things about grocery shopping in Italy that I'm still thinking about.
In Italy, I learned that grocery shopping is often a multi-stop process.
I'd pick up fresh produce, cheeses, and cured meats from a local market like Mercato Trionfale in Rome, then head to a small supermarket nearby for pantry staples like pasta, olive oil, or cleaning supplies.
In my experience, it was less about convenience and more about quality — I'd get the best peaches from the fruit vendor who knew me by name, or my favorite prosciutto from the butcher who gave me a recommendation.
This is very different from my experience in the US, where I often go to one big grocery store or place an order on Instacart for everything I need.
Similarly, I also noticed that Italians seemed to shop more frequently, buying just enough for a few days rather than stocking up for weeks at a time. Meanwhile, in the US, it's more common to go on giant hauls and shop less often.
Though going to the store more than once a week wasn't always easy, it wasn't a bad thing, either. I liked that this way of shopping meant having fresher ingredients on hand more regularly.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Even in bigger cities like Milan or Rome, it seemed like many grocery stores were much smaller than the sprawling supermarkets I was used to in the US. Think neighborhood shops instead of warehouse-style aisles.
The selection was still impressive, but there was less of the overwhelming ""50 brands of peanut butter"" vibe.
The smaller locations also meant I was more likely to see the same cashiers and fellow shoppers every week. Seeing familiar faces became part of my routine, almost like a community touchpoint rather than just an errand.
One of the first times I went to a grocery store in Rome, I saw a woman pushing a cart with a little compartment in the front. Inside was a tiny terrier sitting happily, surveying the pasta aisle.
It turns out that in Italy, some grocery stores allow customers to bring their dogs and may even have special carts for them to ride along safely.
In the US, shoppers generally aren't allowed to bring dogs into grocery stores (unless they're service animals), and even then, they're usually prohibited from riding in the carts.
One thing that initially threw me off was seeing eggs and milk on regular shelves, completely unrefrigerated, which isn't the case in the US.
Eggs in Italy (and much of Europe) go through a different sanitization process, so they're safe at room temperature.
Milk also undergoes a different pasteurization process, so it has a longer shelf life and doesn't need to be refrigerated in most stores.
Living in Italy taught me that grocery shopping doesn't have to be a rushed, utilitarian task. It can be social, intentional, and even joyful.
I still love the convenience of an American-style one-and-done grocery trip or simply ordering everything I need from an app and saving tons of time, but I miss the ritual of stopping by my local market, saying hi to the local vendors, and carrying home a little paper-wrapped bundle of something fresh.
Now that I'm back in the US, I try to bring a little of that Italian approach with me — even if my dog still can't ride in the cart.
This story was originally published on October 17, 2025, and most recently updated on August 24, 2026.

No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
33,2026-08-24,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Jeff Dean was formerly Google’s chief scientist and has advice to share.
Copied to clipboard
Keeping pace with AI can seem impossible, but Google veteran Jeff Dean says Gen Z doesn’t need to know everything about AI to succeed in today’s job market. 
“I often tell students it’s better to skim 10 papers than to read one in detail because you then get 10 points in your cloud of what might be possible,” Dean said recently at the 2026 Frontier & Pioneer Symposium. “Or, even skim 100 abstracts because what you want to be able to do is connect important ideas that have not yet been connected.”
Dean’s appearance at the event was his first public talk since leaving Google earlier this month. He worked at the tech giant for 27 years, serving as head of Google AI from 2018 to 2023 and Google’s chief scientist for the past three years, according to his LinkedIn. He is now the co-founder and CEO of AI startup DiscoveryLoop, which aims to act as an autonomous researcher. 
For aspiring tech workers, Dean says the key is to manage time strategically and think across disciplines, not take shortcuts. The right challenge is neither a 20-year moonshot with no clear path, nor a two-year problem too simple to matter. 
“The perfect shape of a problem that you want to work on in a reasonably long-term manner [is] like five years or something,” Dean said. “Try lots of things that might not work. Some of them will.”
Even as prominent researchers warn that AI could replace workers and concentrate wealth among the people and companies that own the technology, Dean remains firmly optimistic about its broader social value.
Geoffrey Hinton, often called the “Godfather of AI” due to his pioneering research in the field, cautioned last year that companies may use the technology to replace employees, potentially producing large-scale job losses while sending more profits to a small group of owners. Economists also warn that companies will not necessarily share AI’s benefits evenly without deliberate choices about how to depoy the technology.
Dean sees a different, more constructive possibility. He sees AI as a tool that expands what people can accomplish. In his view, AI is not about automating routine work or cutting costs. Instead, use cases of the technology include accelerating medical research, improving access to health services, strengthening education and helping individuals tackle technical or scientific questions that would otherwise be beyond their reach. He argued that AI can make people more capable rather than simply make them easier to replace.
AI presents “incredibly positive” use cases, Dean said. “I think that’s super exciting.”
Keeping pace with AI can seem impossible, but Google veteran Jeff Dean says Gen Z doesn’t need to know everything about AI to succeed in today’s job market. 
“I often tell students it’s better to skim 10 papers than to read one in detail because you then get 10 points in your cloud of what might be possible,” Dean said recently at the 2026 Frontier & Pioneer Symposium. “Or, even skim 100 abstracts because what you want to be able to do is connect important ideas that have not yet been connected.”
Dean’s appearance at the event was his first public talk since leaving Google earlier this month. He worked at the tech giant for 27 years, serving as head of Google AI from 2018 to 2023 and Google’s chief scientist for the past three years, according to his LinkedIn. He is now the co-founder and CEO of AI startup DiscoveryLoop, which aims to act as an autonomous researcher. 

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
34,2026-08-24,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Learn how to get your business unstuck, earn customer attention and build momentum with insights from Gary Vaynerchuk, Robert Irvine and Megan Thee Stallion at Overcoming Impossible Live.
Copied to clipboard
A great product is not enough if the right customers never notice it. For many entrepreneurs, the problem is not a lack of effort—it is a lack of attention: their message gets lost, their marketing fails to connect or prospective customers do not quickly understand why the business matters.
That is the challenge Gary Vaynerchuk will tackle at Overcoming Impossible Live, an Entrepreneur Level Up event coming to Brooklyn, New York, on October 23. In his keynote, “State of the Union on Attention,” Vaynerchuk will share how entrepreneurs can cut through a crowded market, sharpen their message and earn the attention that turns into paying customers.
The one-day, hands-on business growth workshop also features Robert Irvine and Megan Thee Stallion, with practical coaching and strategies for the other obstacles that keep businesses from moving forward. Learn more about Overcoming Impossible Live.
Attention is one of the biggest obstacles to growth, but it is rarely the only one. To move forward, entrepreneurs need to identify the problem they are actually facing, find a way to earn customer attention and build the resilience to act when the solution is not obvious. 
Here are three lessons attendees can expect to explore.
“Stuck” can look like stagnant revenue, inconsistent sales, a team that cannot move without the founder or a marketing strategy that no longer generates leads. But those symptoms often point to one deeper issue.
To get your business unstuck, start by asking:
A useful business growth plan begins with focus. Rather than pursuing every possible improvement, choose the constraint that is limiting everything else.
At Overcoming Impossible Live, All-Access attendees will join a small-group strategy session led by veteran entrepreneurs, with support from Robert Irvine and Entrepreneur Editor in Chief Jason Feifer. Participants will bring a real business roadblock, workshop it directly and leave with a personalized action plan, accountability and next steps.
A strong product cannot grow if the right customers do not know it exists—or cannot quickly understand why it matters.
Gary Vaynerchuk, entrepreneur, investor and bestselling author, will deliver a keynote on the “State of the Union on Attention.” His session is especially relevant for founders whose business growth has stalled because their marketing is not breaking through a crowded market.
For entrepreneurs, earning attention starts with answering three questions:
Attention is not a vanity metric. It is the beginning of customer acquisition. When your message is clear and appears in the channels your audience already uses, it can improve lead generation, strengthen brand recognition and create new opportunities for growth.
Every entrepreneur faces moments when the next step feels impossible: a failed launch, a cash-flow crunch, a lost customer, a difficult hiring decision or a competitive threat.
Robert Irvine—chef, entrepreneur and philanthropist—will lead hands-on problem-solving and an inspiration session focused on overcoming the impossible. His approach is relevant for business owners who need to confront the issue they have been avoiding and execute under pressure.
Megan Thee Stallion, the Grammy Award-winning artist, entrepreneur and philanthropist, will share how she has overcome the odds. Her perspective offers a reminder that resilience is not passive endurance. It is the willingness to adapt, make a decision and keep building despite uncertainty.
For a business owner, resilience can look like simplifying an offer, changing a pricing strategy, addressing a leadership gap or returning to customers for direct feedback. The right move varies, but action begins when you stop treating the obstacle as permanent.
Overcoming Impossible Live is designed for ambitious entrepreneurs, business owners and decision-makers who want to scale, streamline or build toward an eventual exit. 
If unclear messaging, stalled momentum or a difficult business decision is keeping your company from moving forward, bring that challenge to us. Spend October 23 at 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge learning from Robert Irvine, Gary Vaynerchuk and Megan Thee Stallion—and leave with a clear plan to earn attention, solve the problem in front of you and take your next move with confidence.
Get your tickets to Overcoming Impossible Live >>

A great product is not enough if the right customers never notice it. For many entrepreneurs, the problem is not a lack of effort—it is a lack of attention: their message gets lost, their marketing fails to connect or prospective customers do not quickly understand why the business matters.
That is the challenge Gary Vaynerchuk will tackle at Overcoming Impossible Live, an Entrepreneur Level Up event coming to Brooklyn, New York, on October 23. In his keynote, “State of the Union on Attention,” Vaynerchuk will share how entrepreneurs can cut through a crowded market, sharpen their message and earn the attention that turns into paying customers.
The one-day, hands-on business growth workshop also features Robert Irvine and Megan Thee Stallion, with practical coaching and strategies for the other obstacles that keep businesses from moving forward. Learn more about Overcoming Impossible Live.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
35,2026-08-24,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
The next phase of the AI race will not be won by the companies with the most tools. It will be won by the companies that can prove those tools make the business more reliable, productive, and prepared to scale.
Copied to clipboard

		Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.	
The AI conversation is starting to change. For the past few years, business leaders have been under pressure to move quickly. They have approved new tools, launched pilots and encouraged teams to find ways to automate more of their work. The question was whether a company was adopting AI fast enough.
Public markets are beginning to ask a harder question. Can businesses built around AI meet the expectations surrounding them?
The 2026 IPO market has attracted enormous attention from investors, driven partly by high-profile technology and AI infrastructure offerings. At the same time, the reception has not been universally enthusiastic. Some newly public companies connected to the AI build-out have faced immediate scrutiny over their valuations, capital requirements and ability to generate durable returns.
That is a useful lesson for every business leader, even if taking a company public is nowhere on the agenda.
AI adoption was the easy part. The next phase is proving that the infrastructure, operating model and business outcomes underneath it can hold up.
Over my 25 years of experience helping scale technology companies, I have seen a similar pattern with nearly every major wave of innovation. Leaders move quickly to capture the opportunity. Then the technology becomes important enough that its underlying weaknesses can no longer be ignored. AI is reaching that point now.
When an AI tool is used occasionally to summarize notes or brainstorm ideas, losing access to it is inconvenient. When the same technology is embedded in customer service, sales, scheduling, logistics or financial operations, losing access becomes a business interruption. That distinction matters.
Start by identifying every AI-supported workflow tied directly to revenue, customer experience or employee productivity. Then ask what happens when that workflow is unavailable for five minutes, one hour, or an entire business day.
I have seen this firsthand while working with a children’s toy retailer, when the company relied on an AI-powered voice application that let customers record personalized messages as part of the purchase experience. But an unstable internet prevented stores from using it. The stores stayed open, but without one of the experiences that set the brand apart, they lost a differentiator that customers had come to expect. And that is exactly what happens when AI depends on infrastructure that cannot reliably support it.
AI may appear to employees as one application, but the experience depends on a much longer chain.
The user needs a stable connection. The application may need to reach a cloud platform, retrieve company data, send information to an external model and return the result to another business system. Each step creates another dependency.
When the experience works, that complexity is mostly invisible. When it fails, teams often blame the application because that is the part they can see.
From what I have seen, that diagnosis is frequently incomplete.
An AI application can appear slow because of packet loss, congestion or inconsistent connectivity. A workflow can fail because one integration timed out. An automated process can produce delayed information because the systems feeding it were not designed to exchange data in real time.
AI does not eliminate operational complexity. In many cases, it makes the consequences of that complexity more visible.
Leaders should map the complete path supporting every critical use case. That includes the applications, integrations, data sources, cloud services, connectivity and internal processes involved.
Then look for single points of failure. If one provider, connection or manual approval can stop the entire workflow, the business is not ready to treat that workflow as mission-critical.
This is where companies need to resist the temptation to solve every problem by adding another tool. Adding more technology to an unstable foundation usually creates more places for the process to break down.
A successful demonstration is not the same as a reliable operating model.
An AI tool may perform well during a controlled pilot with a limited number of users. The real test comes when hundreds of employees access it at once, customer demand spikes or the network is already carrying business-critical traffic.
This is similar to what happens in a growing franchise. A location may operate smoothly during an average afternoon, but its busiest hour reveals whether its systems were actually built to scale.
AI needs the same kind of pressure test.
Instead of measuring only licenses, prompts or time saved, leaders should connect AI performance to operational outcomes. Does the technology shorten customer wait times when demand is highest? Does it help employees complete transactions more consistently?
Leaders should also test how the business responds when an AI-supported workflow fails. A continuity plan stored in a document is not enough. Teams need to test it under realistic conditions.
The companies that benefit most from AI will be the ones that can recognize degradation early, respond automatically where possible and prevent a technology problem from becoming a customer-facing failure.
The enormous attention surrounding AI-related investments and public offerings tells business leaders something important. The market believes AI will support a meaningful share of future growth.
It is also beginning to demand evidence.
Your customers, employees and investors will eventually do the same. They will care less about how many AI tools you have introduced and more about whether those tools make the business perform better when it matters.
Before approving the next implementation, examine the systems supporting the tools you already have. Identify the processes that cannot afford to stop. Remove unnecessary complexity, build redundancy around critical operations and test how the business performs under pressure.
Adopting AI may help a company move faster. Building the foundation beneath it determines whether the company can keep moving.
The AI conversation is starting to change. For the past few years, business leaders have been under pressure to move quickly. They have approved new tools, launched pilots and encouraged teams to find ways to automate more of their work. The question was whether a company was adopting AI fast enough.
Public markets are beginning to ask a harder question. Can businesses built around AI meet the expectations surrounding them?
The 2026 IPO market has attracted enormous attention from investors, driven partly by high-profile technology and AI infrastructure offerings. At the same time, the reception has not been universally enthusiastic. Some newly public companies connected to the AI build-out have faced immediate scrutiny over their valuations, capital requirements and ability to generate durable returns.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
36,2026-08-24,"Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has announced bond buyback plans in recent days in an effort to suppress long-term Treasury yields.
But in doing so, Bessent might actually be driving long-term borrowing costs higher, says Lisa Shalett, the chief investment officer at Morgan Stanley Wealth Management.
In a client note on Monday, Shalett said that the firm views ""non-crisis market intervention and financial engineering attempts as short-lived gimmicks,"" and said that employing them is helping to fuel policy uncertainty for investors. That uncertainty is leading to higher long-bond yields.
""Building policy uncertainty is evident in the normalizing term premiums that have accounted for two-thirds of the move in nominal longterm rates, underscoring declining future policy predictability,"" Shalett said.
As 30-year Treasury yields reached a 19-year high last week, Bessent first said that the Treasury would double its bond buyback program. On Monday, CNBC reported that the Treasury could tap its $1 trillion General Account to fuel more bond buys.
Long-term yields have been rising thanks to surging government debt levels — the US national debt hit $40 trillion last week — heightened demand for capital, and sticky inflation as oil prices remain elevated.
Shalett said bond yields will likely continue to rise despite Bessent's efforts to quell them. That's thanks to factors like rising government borrowing rates to fund defense and energy infrastructure spending, as well as borrowing from the private sector to fund the AI infrastructure buildout, she said.
Further policy uncertainty could also continue to lift rates, she said.
""At the end of the day, given global capital competition, there is fundamental upward pressure on rates that the Treasury secretary cannot engineer away,"" Shalett said. She added: ""Watch long-term yield composition, noting that an unpredictable policy agenda might only drive further term-premium normalization.""
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Shalett shared a few investing tips for navigating heightened uncertainty.
In bonds, she said to move exposure to ""benchmark neutral,"" meaning in the 3-year to 7-year duration range. This takes duration risk from long-term bonds off the table — when their yields rise, their prices fall.
In stocks, one step investors can take to reduce risk is to increase exposure to broad, equal-weighted indexes, she said.
This is because rising bond yields tend to hurt stock valuations, particularly in the growth theme, where valuations are higher. Since major market-cap-weighted indexes are highly concentrated in AI and tech companies, they could be more vulnerable to declines than equal-weighted indexes if bond yields continue their rise.
If you want to get more granular than a broad index, particular examples of some unloved areas of the market to boost positions in include healthcare and financials, she said.
Funds that offer exposure to these trades include the iShares 3-7 Year Treasury Bond ETF (IEI), the Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (RSPA), the Vanguard Financials ETF (VFH), and the Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLV).
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
37,2026-08-24,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
Aug 24, 2026 — 9:01 AM ET
The Google Pixel 11 props up the company’s new flagship series and will be the popular choice to joining the premium Android ownership club. But, it’s by no means the only contender out there. If you’re torn about reaching for the Pixel 11, which alternatives should you consider?
My colleague Brady Snyder offered up his five best options, and we asked readers to vote on their preferred candidate from this list. With over 4,200 votes in, we were just a handful of votes from a surprise upset.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, the Samsung Galaxy S26 was earmarked by our readers as the best Pixel 11 alternative. It received more than a quarter of readers’ support (25.8%), collecting over 1,100 votes. There’s no doubt that Samsung’s new affordable flagship is the most direct competitor to the Pixel 11, at least going by the devices listed by Brady. It includes a faster Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 for Galaxy SoC, a lighter frame, and, I feel, a better overall software experience.
However impressive the Galaxy S26 is as an overall package, it was nearly toppled by an Android underdog. The Motorola Edge (2026), a device that has seen plenty of love from our community since its launch, placed second, just 54 votes behind the Samsung.
The Edge bests both the Galaxy and Pixel in some fundamentals, including offering faster wired charging, a much lower price, and a more palatable design. (I’m a sucker for textured back plates on phones.) Unfortunately, the phone’s meager software support period and weaker hardware platform dull its shine. Nevertheless, it was the only other phone that could hold a candle to the Samsung in this poll.
The Google Pixel 11 Pro came in third with 18.5% of the vote. Given the stark premium over the Pixel 11, it’s surprising that more than 700 readers considered the Pro a viable alternative to the base model. It’s certainly more impressive on paper, but it’s also priced substantially higher.
The Google Pixel 10a came in fourth with 16.4% of the vote, while the only foldable on the list, the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 8, brought up the rear with 5.3%. Notably, the flippy Samsung garnered even less support than the “Something else” option, which received just under 400 votes.
Other Pixel 11 alternatives mentioned by our readers voting in this category included the OPPO Find X9 Ultra, the Samsung Galaxy S25 FE, the Motorola Signature, the OnePlus 13, and the OnePlus 15.
Do you believe the Galaxy S25 is the best Pixel 11 alternative? What do you think of the Motorola Edge (2026)’s high placement? Deserved or overhyped? Let’s discuss in the comment section below.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
38,2026-08-24,"I don't know if it's just me, but I'm always on this side of family gatherings, and I have to say It's genuinely soul-crushing, and it's something that has to stop.
It's enough to have an entire society telling you what you should or shouldn't have accomplished by a certain age; we don't need our closest family members repeating the message.
Quite frankly, the message itself is dated. In the best-case scenario, the person receiving it genuinely doesn't want a partner or isn't looking for one, so the comment lands on deaf ears. But what happens when someone who is actively looking for a partner and can't find it has to listen to something like that?
Whatever happened to being kind? Do those people really think they are helping us find a partner by rushing us or saying that we can't do it because we're not pretty enough or are not trying hard enough?
I don't think commenting on anyone's relationship status is a good thing if it's not something the person being questioned generated themselves.
There is nothing worse than feeling lonely and rejected in the place you should feel protected and cherished. We all have our failings and our pains, and if we really see someone struggling in an area of their lives, we should try to find a way to help them, not mock them for 'failing', really.
Also, 'failing' for who? Who installed those standards and time limits in the first place? I'm not going to say she should 'cut everyone off', because I know that's extreme, but what would you do in her situation? Because I know trying to be strong isn't enough; those comments hurt even if you have the healthiest self-esteem.
What her family expects her to be doing
Image for illustrative purposes
A lovely family gathering where everyone is commenting on what you should do with your life
Scene is illustrative and does not depict actual individuals or events
The girl after the unfortunate comments
Actor performance of story events
Want More? Follow Us and Add Us as a Preferred Source on Google."
39,2026-08-24,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Plus: 10 rules for employees who are also relatives
Copied to clipboard

		Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.	
Many entrepreneurs start their businesses with limited funds and time. It’s not always easy to find good employees when a business first launches, so owners may turn to hiring family members. A recent report reveals that over 40% of small businesses hire family members. 
When you’re looking to hire, it’s easy to make the wrong choice. There are many reasons to hire a family member to work in your business. These individuals are a known quantity. And they may have familiarity with the business that outsiders could take months or years to learn.
Some entrepreneurs hire their kids to work in the business. That practice is especially prevalent now because of the difficult job market for new college graduates. I’ve had plenty of experience hiring family members. Sometimes, these employment stints work out. Sometimes, they don’t. 
But it’s the failed instances that have taught me the most about keeping my business and my extended family intact. One example is when I hired a family member who showed great promise. Unfortunately, they left us at a critical time, giving very little notice and only vague reasons for their departure. Bridges were burned — not in their desire to take another job, but in how they did it.
Since then, family gatherings have been strained. Our personal relationship is cordial, but distant — nothing like it used to be. And the damage extends beyond the two of us. Family members have taken sides, and weddings, reunions and holiday gatherings are uneasy.
The lessons I’ve learned led me to develop a playbook for both the boss and the employee/family member.
To increase the chances for success, start with an honest and candid conversation before you make the offer. Tell your family member what they should expect from you and what you expect from them. Should they take offense to the suggestion that they may not work out, that’s a red flag. They’re not the right fit. Move on.
To help you with this conversation, I’ve provided rules of engagement that speak directly to them, for them. I encourage you to modify them for your specific needs and present them — both verbally and in writing.
Joining a family business is rarely as simple as accepting a job. You’re managing two relationships at once — professional and personal — and the line between them isn’t always clear. These ten rules will help you earn your colleagues’ respect, protect your reputation and keep the family relationship intact, no matter what happens at work.
Lastly, let your new employee know that you will provide extra coaching, training and tracking because you want to help them with their career. This is essential for young family members — who may need to learn not only how to do the job, but also how to be a good employee in general.
When you stay in close touch with this family member, it shows you care. And it will preserve your relationship with the rest of the family, many of whom are watching the arrangement. These people know your strengths and weaknesses better than anyone. Some of your relatives will show their enthusiasm for your willingness to hire a family member. Others, the fault-finders, will be waiting for you to fail. Don’t give them the opportunity to gloat. 
Maintaining professionalism, keeping your family member on the right track and supporting them increases the chances of success for everyone. But it starts and ends with frank conversation. Don’t shy away from having it.
Many entrepreneurs start their businesses with limited funds and time. It’s not always easy to find good employees when a business first launches, so owners may turn to hiring family members. A recent report reveals that over 40% of small businesses hire family members. 
When you’re looking to hire, it’s easy to make the wrong choice. There are many reasons to hire a family member to work in your business. These individuals are a known quantity. And they may have familiarity with the business that outsiders could take months or years to learn.
Some entrepreneurs hire their kids to work in the business. That practice is especially prevalent now because of the difficult job market for new college graduates. I’ve had plenty of experience hiring family members. Sometimes, these employment stints work out. Sometimes, they don’t. 

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
40,2026-08-24,"Investing

							Mehrotra launched $10 billion Micron Research Labs modeled after Bell Labs as MU surged 730% over the trailing year on AI memory demand.													

							Micron's 16 take-or-pay agreements lock in roughly $100 billion in minimum revenue but leave 60% of the business exposed to commodity cycle pricing.													

							MU's forward PE of 6 against a trailing PE of 21 signals markets expect earnings to fall, reinforced by Mehrotra's own insider selling through July.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Micron Technology didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© 24/7 Wall St.
Sanjay Mehrotra used a CNBC appearance from Boise last Thursday to unveil Micron Research Labs, a $10 billion investment in basic research aimed at next-generation AI memory. He framed it with a claim investors should take seriously and interrogate carefully: “Memory is no longer a component in a system. Memory is the strategic infrastructure for AI. It’s no longer a commodity. It is a high value.”
That is a large statement from a company whose stock has historically traded as a cyclical. Shares of Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU | MU Price Prediction) closed at $974.33 on Thursday, up 241.59% year to date and 732.62% over the trailing year. The market has already accepted the reframing.
The question worth asking is whether the reframing survives the next downcycle, because a business that has escaped commodity dynamics does not see margins collapse when supply catches up with demand. Mehrotra is partly right, and the distinction matters enormously for valuation. High bandwidth memory is increasingly a contracted, designed-in product, although commodity DRAM and NAND still clear at cyclical prices.
Micron Research Labs will be headquartered in Boise with satellite campuses globally, and Mehrotra drew an explicit parallel to Bell Labs. The pitch is that Micron will convene customers, universities and startups around the memory hierarchy the AI era requires.
He backed the framing with a claim about scale, noting that Micron holds over 62,000 patents. The company also announced the lab in a press release that same day, positioning it as an anchor of American semiconductor leadership.
On CNBC, Mehrotra tied the effort directly to system architecture: “Without memory, you cannot make AI smarter. You cannot make AI faster. You cannot scale up AI.” He argued the point applies across the stack, “from high bandwidth memory to DRAM to SSDs.”
The $10 billion figure signals which business Micron intends to be judged on. Basic research is what you fund when differentiation is expected to be technical rather than cost-driven, and Micron is telling investors to price it accordingly. Seeking Alpha reported the labs disclosure the same day Mehrotra sat with Cramer.
Micron has signed 16 Strategic Customer Agreements, most of which run for five years from calendar 2026 through the end of calendar 2030. They are structured as take-or-pay contracts with binding volumes.
Fourteen of those agreements have cumulative revenue at minimum prices of approximately $100 billion over the remaining term of the agreements. Together, the signed deals cover roughly 20% of Micron’s DRAM volume and a third of its NAND volume.
The largest include price bands with floors that Mehrotra said would deliver “a very robust gross margin for Micron, well above our peak quarterly margins in any past cycle.” That is a real structural change if it holds. Fiscal Q3 already showed the direction, with $41.46 billion in revenue and a non-GAAP gross margin of 84.9%, disclosed in the Q3 press release filed with the SEC.
The part that remains commodity is the part not under contract. Even after every planned agreement is executed, only approximately 40% of revenue will be at fixed prices or ceilings near current market levels, leaving a large book of DRAM and NAND exposed to the cycle.
The market is signaling it half-believes the reframing. Micron trades at a trailing PE of 21x but only a forward PE of 6x, which is the multiple you assign a company you expect to earn less next year, not more.
Mehrotra argues the setup is durable, telling investors on the June call that “We expect tight conditions to persist beyond calendar 2027 as a result of AI-driven demand across all segments coupled with structural supply constraints.” He also warned of “a meaningful moderation in the rate of price increases” in the fiscal Q4 gross margin outlook.
Retail chatter on Reddit has flagged that memory prices are pressuring non-AI devices, with June China smartphone shipments down 17% year over year, which is exactly what a demand pull-forward looks like when it starts to bite. Insider filings show Mehrotra himself recorded dispositions across May, June and July at prices ranging from about $907 to $1,192.
A re-rating to a durably higher multiple is justified only if the SCA book proves it can hold floor pricing through a supply-normalization phase Micron has not yet faced. Until then, the $10 billion for Micron Research Labs is a credible bet that the differentiated slice of memory keeps growing faster than the commodity slice shrinks, which is a defensible thesis rather than a settled one.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Omor Ibne Ehsan is a writer at 24/7 Wall St. He is a self-taught investor with a focus on growth and cyclical stocks that have strong fundamentals, value, and long-term potential. He also has an interest in high-risk, high-reward investments such as cryptocurrencies and penny stocks.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Memory stocks just went from cyclical chip plays to AI-era essentials, and Bank of America’s Vivek Arya thinks the market…
Micron and Sandisk both just posted blowout memory quarters, but the two stocks face very different setups heading into late…
Micron Technology (NASDAQ: MU | MU Price Prediction) and Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) just reported earnings that expose who holds the…
Micron keeps getting dismissed as a cyclical chip stock doomed to repeat the same boom-and-bust pattern, but one structural shift…
SanDisk and Micron both posted blockbuster quarters riding the AI memory boom, but their playbooks could not be more different.…
Micron Technology (NASDAQ: MU | MU Price Prediction) and Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) just delivered earnings that expose opposite ends of…
Shares of Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU | MU Price Prediction) are up 7% in Monday morning trading, changing hands at around…
Consider Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU | MU Price Prediction) here because a forward FY 2027 earnings multiple of 7x on a…
At $880, Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU | MU Price Prediction) looks priced for perfection, with the risk/reward skewed to the downside.…"
41,2026-08-24,"The part of the tax franchise that lost on price is a small slice of its addressable market, and the profit line kept widening anyway.
Intuit (INTU) trades at $367, a little over half the $694.29 high it set within the past year, after a tax season the company concedes fell short of its own expectations, and amid securities class actions alleging misstatements about the strength of its tax business. The figure arguing the other way is the operating margin: 27.5% over the trailing twelve months.
The Price Loss Sits Inside 12% Of TurboTax’s Addressable Market
The company says it lost on price with the most price-sensitive do-it-yourself filers earning under $50,000 a year, a group inside a DIY category it sizes at $5 billion, or 12% of TurboTax’s addressable market. The other 88% is the assisted category, where the filer buys a person as well as software, and that is where the mix is shifting: TurboTax Live was guided to reach 53% of total TurboTax revenue in fiscal 2026 on 36% growth, against 7% growth for TurboTax as a whole. The do-it-yourself side is still about 47% of what TurboTax collects today: the 12% is a share of the opportunity, not of sales. Nor is tax the whole company: Global Business Solutions revenue grew 15% in fiscal Q3 2026, and inside it online ecosystem revenue for QuickBooks Advanced and Intuit Enterprise Suite grew about 38%.
Three Straight Years Of Margin Gains, Through A Bad Season
Operating margin has risen in each of the last three years, from 21.6% to 23.9% to 25.7%, and to 27.5% on a trailing-twelve-month basis now. The top line did soften: growth ran above 17% in each of the three prior quarters before slowing to 10.4%. The margin still widened through the season that went wrong. Profitability that widens like that, on revenue that is still growing, is the property the Trefis High Quality Portfolio favors.
What The 17% Headcount Cut Is Meant To Buy
Intuit is reducing its full-time workforce by 17%, and the CFO has said the majority of the cost savings are expected to flow to the bottom line, alongside a commitment to annual earnings-per-share growth of at least the mid teens in the coming years. Fiscal 2026 guidance carried that shape: revenue growth of 13% to 14%, with GAAP earnings per share guided up about 16%. Earnings guided to outgrow sales is what keeps per-share value growing while the top line decelerates.
Cheap Against Its Own Decade, With Fewer Filers Expected
The company expected total IRS filers to fall by about 30 basis points over the season that ended in the spring, a gap of roughly 2 million units against expectations and the most significant industry-wide contraction since the post-COVID tax season. Revenue at Mailchimp, which management is rightsizing rather than growing, was down slightly year over year in fiscal Q3 2026. At 22.1 times trailing earnings, inside a ten-year range of 15.7 to 83.9, the price appears to give little credit for the earnings side. The shares have already recovered 20% over the past three months, so this is not an unnoticed name. Whether a fall this size is the discount or the warning is the question a dip-buying screen exists to sort, and it turns on whether the margin keeps climbing once the headcount cut lands.
The Margin Can Keep Climbing And The Stock Can Still Swing
Intuit’s earnings power has held up better than its share price, and nothing says the gap has to close on a schedule. Anyone who would rather not rest on one name can see how the Trefis High Quality Portfolio approaches the problem. That portfolio has a track record of outpacing the three major indices – the S&P 500, S&P Mid-cap, and Russell 2000.


What You Actually Pay To Join The CSCO Run


The Gap Between MRVL Stock And Its Own Numbers


XOM Runs One Of The Market’s Biggest Cash-Return Machines


CRM: A Cash Gusher At A Marked-Down Price


History Has An Opinion On This ADBE Price Level


ORCL Stock: Why The Discount May Not Last


Phillips 66 Stock Rides A 6-Day Winning Streak To A 17% Gain


Seagate Technology Stock Climbs 24% On A 5-Day Winning Streak


A 6-Day Winning Streak Has SanDisk Stock Up 47%


How Will TJX Companies Stock React To Its Upcoming Earnings?



						Reading Between The Lines Of ADI’s Latest Call
					



						$2.5 Billion In Payouts, A Lagging Stock: The CLF Trade-Off
					



						History Has An Opinion On This SNPS Price Level
					



						Eli Lilly Stock Raised Its Forecast, So Why Is The Market Shrugging?
					



						Is Meta Stock Actually the Cheapest Mega-Cap Tech Bet?
					



						ACN Stock: Why The Discount May Not Last
					



						Get Paid 12% A Year To Hold NFLX Stock You Already Own
					



						What You Actually Pay To Join The MU Run
					



						After Its Recent Stumble, Is Broadcom Stock An Opportunity Or A Trap?
					



						Uranium Energy Stock Is Priced On Pounds It Has Not Sold Yet
					



						Marvell Technology Stock More Than Tripled On A Roadmap It Had Been Publishing All Along
					



						Cisco Grows Into Its Multiple, And The Market Has To Do The Rest
					

©Copyright 2026 Insight Guru Inc. All Rights Reserved.
By using the Site, you agree to be bound by our Terms of
		Use.  Financial market data powered by Quotemedia.com.
		Consensus EPS estimates are from QuoteMedia and are updated every weekday.
		All rights reserved.

		NYSE/AMEX data delayed 20 minutes.  NASDAQ and other
		data delayed 15 minutes unless indicated.
		"
42,2026-08-24,"YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    Samsung’s wide Galaxy Z Fold 8 was such a hit that it’s reportedly making another one
                                

                                    I used the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra, and it does just enough to be called an upgrade
                                

                                    Two weeks with the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 8 almost made me forget about the Motorola Razr
                                
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
A Thom Browne edition Galaxy Z Fold 8 could be coming later this year.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Samsung has never treated its foldables as just another smartphone. Over the years, the company has collaborated with fashion labels like Thom Browne and Maison Margiela to give its Galaxy Z lineup a more exclusive edge. That approach could be making a comeback with the Galaxy Z Fold 8.
According to reliable tipster Lanzuk on Naver Blog, Samsung is working on a luxury-brand collaboration for the Z Fold 8, with a special edition reportedly aimed at the second half of 2026. Samsung hasn’t confirmed any partnership, but Thom Browne is one of the leading candidates.
That would make sense, considering the companies’ history. Samsung has previously launched Thom Browne editions of the original Galaxy Z Flip, Z Fold 2, Z Fold 3, and Z Fold 5. These weren’t just simple reskins, either. They were available with custom hardware finishes (pebble gray, matte white, and even a sleek black suit-inspired design for the Z Fold 5), along with deep software customizations that extended even to the packaging and accessories like watches and S Pens. The last two generations of Folds missed this treatment, but it looks like the runways are clearing for a return.
Samsung’s last Thom Browne release is a good hint of how things might go. The Z Fold 5 edition wasn't simply a different paint job: Samsung included a matching Galaxy Watch 6 and exclusive accessories, hinting at how these collaborations can transform a phone launch into a broader lifestyle package.
Of course, Thom Browne is not the only option available. Samsung has previously partnered with Maison Margiela on the Z Flip 4 and Z Flip 5, so the tech giant could easily opt for another collaborator or someone entirely new. The gray-and-stripe look has become a collector's hallmark, and given how much previous bundles commanded eye-watering prices — the Z Fold 2 Thom Browne Edition retailed for $3,299 and still trades at a premium on secondary markets — it’s safe to say the Z Fold 8 luxury edition won’t be a budget-friendly affair.
Whoever it is, expect the usual limited quantities, rollout in select markets, and a price tag that's a significant jump from the standard model. The Fold 8 is on a roll, so a designer drop would be the perfect way to keep it in the limelight. We should hear more concrete details over the coming weeks.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
Jay Bonggolto always keeps a nose for news. He has been writing about consumer tech and apps for as long as he can remember, and he has used a variety of Android phones since falling in love with Jelly Bean. Send him a direct message via X or LinkedIn.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
43,2026-08-24,"India raises $73 bn in forex inflows at record pace
India raises $73 bn in forex inflows at record pace
India has mobilised $73 billion in foreign exchange inflows in less than 11 weeks, surpassing the scale and pace of the RBI’s 2013 FCNR(B) swap scheme, the finance ministry said.
India has mobilised $73 billion in foreign exchange inflows in less than 11 weeks, surpassing the scale and pace of the RBI’s 2013 FCNR(B) swap scheme, the finance ministry said.
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

When a CFO resigns, is ‘personal reasons’ explanation enough?
FCNR (B) scheme garners USD65 bn, but why isn't the rupee gaining?
ET Prime special: Bigger, Better or Both? Understanding business to figure out the mystery: Power Grid Corp – Part 1
US bond yield: Will it become a new pain point?
Bigger or Better: BEL’s biggest shareholder is also its biggest customer – and its rule-maker. Final part
Train station to rocket propellants, a Nagpur firm’s INR21k-cr journey
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Definitions
Top Slideshow
Top Prime Articles
Top Story Listing
Top Market Pages
Top Commodities
Private Companies
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime









                 Connect with an ETPrime expert for personalized support and guidance
                
What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
44,2026-08-24,"Cryptocurrency exchange Gemini (NASDAQ: $GEMI ) is expanding further into prediction markets through a new partnership with Apex Fintech Solutions.
Gemini, founded by the twin brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, is teaming up with privately held Apex to expand distribution of its prediction markets to brokerage firms.
In a statement, the companies said that Gemini will become the exclusive provider of event contracts distributed by Apex to its brokerage clients.
Gemini will handle execution and clearing, allowing brokerages using Apex to offer crypto-based event contracts without having to build their own connections to a prediction-market exchange.
Prediction markets let people bet on the outcome of real-world events such as sports and elections and have exploded in popularity over the past year.
Sports, politics, and cryptocurrency have emerged as the most popular trades on prediction markets.
The arrangement with Apex has the potential to broaden Gemini’s distribution as it aims to compete for a share of the rapidly growing prediction-market sector. 
The leading platforms in the prediction market space remain privately held Kalshi and Polymarket. Gemini is one of several companies trying to break into the space. 
Crypto firms such as Gemini are turning to prediction markets in an effort to diversify their revenue streams amid weaker trading volumes.
“We believe that predictions are the future of markets,” said Gemini CEO Tyler Winklevoss in the statement.
GEMI stock has declined 87% since the company went public last September and currently trades at $4.28 U.S. per share. "
45,2026-08-24,"Symbiotec Pharmalab plans a ₹150 crore IPO to repay debt and expand operations. The company holds a global leadership position in corticosteroid and steroidal-hormone APIs. Its revenue primarily comes from international markets, with Europe being a significant contributor. Financials show steady revenue and EBITDA growth over recent years. Investors with a high-risk appetite may consider this long-term opportunity.
Listen to this article in summarized format
Unlock AI Briefing and Premium Content

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

FCNR (B) scheme garners USD65 bn, but why isn't the rupee gaining?
ET Prime special: Bigger, Better or Both? Understanding business to figure out the mystery: Power Grid Corp – Part 1
US bond yield: Will it become a new pain point?
Bigger or Better: BEL’s biggest shareholder is also its biggest customer – and its rule-maker. Final part
Train station to rocket propellants, a Nagpur firm’s INR21k-cr journey
Are patients paying the price for India’s PE-led healthcare boom?
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Story Listing
Top Prime Articles
Private Companies
Top Commodities
Top Slideshow
Top Definitions
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime









                 Connect with an ETPrime expert for personalized support and guidance
                
What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
46,2026-08-24,"CapitaLand India Trust shifts debt to rupees as INR falls
CapitaLand India Trust shifts debt to rupees as INR falls
As of June 2026, CLINT had approximately S$1.7 billion (roughly ₹8,820 crore) of borrowings. As of June, CLINT's assets under management stood at S$3.5 billion.
As of June 2026, CLINT had approximately S$1.7 billion (roughly ₹8,820 crore) of borrowings. As of June, CLINT's assets under management stood at S$3.5 billion.
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

When a CFO resigns, is ‘personal reasons’ explanation enough?
FCNR (B) scheme garners USD65 bn, but why isn't the rupee gaining?
ET Prime special: Bigger, Better or Both? Understanding business to figure out the mystery: Power Grid Corp – Part 1
US bond yield: Will it become a new pain point?
Bigger or Better: BEL’s biggest shareholder is also its biggest customer – and its rule-maker. Final part
Train station to rocket propellants, a Nagpur firm’s INR21k-cr journey
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Story Listing
Top Prime Articles
Private Companies
Top Commodities
Top Slideshow
Top Definitions
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime









                 Connect with an ETPrime expert for personalized support and guidance
                
What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
47,2026-08-24,"Since getting laid off from a big bank in March, Lamar Rogers has used AI to help him apply to nearly 200 jobs.
He turns to Claude to tailor his résumé, uses an AI-powered dashboard for every interview, and recently vibe-coded a résumé-review app. Yet Rogers draws the line at letting AI apply for jobs on his behalf.
For the senior roles in banking and tech that he's pursuing, using AI to handle the entire application would be ""disingenuous,"" Rogers, 34, said. ""I want to put a lot more thought and care into it.""
While employers use AI to screen applications, job seekers are using AI to whip up résumés and apply for jobs.
Yet as AI firms make it easier to identify a bot's helping hand — Anthropic recently said new Claude models would insert an ""imperceptible watermark"" into text that AI kicks out — the big question is how much AI is too much in the application process?
Business Insider spoke with headhunters and HR pros about best practices for using AI in your job hunt:
Job coaches said that candidates don't necessarily need to hide their use of AI. Employers are more focused on whether a candidate's claims hold up than on how polished their résumé looks.
""It's not really about whether AI helped write it,"" said Stephen Telford, a headhunter and career coach. ""It's about whether the claim actually holds up once I start digging.""
If a candidate claims they ""improved sales by 30%"" yet can't provide a detailed breakdown or point to evidence of how they achieved that result on their LinkedIn profile or elsewhere, Telford said he starts to lose trust.
Create a BI Job Scout and get opportunities matched to your goals.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
""That tells me it's just AI-generated confidence,"" said Telford, who previously recruited for AWS.
He said candidates can use a simple test: Before letting AI phrase an accomplishment, ask whether the claim would hold up if a recruiter looked into it. Could you clearly explain the mechanics behind it, the starting point, what you did, and the outcome?
""If AI helped you say something you can't independently prove, that's where I'd draw the line,"" Telford said. ""AI can help you tell your story better. It just can't be the source of the story.""
In a sea of AI-generated cover letters using the same buzzwords and perfect grammar, maintaining a personal brand can help candidates stand out and seem authentic.
Liz Andora, chief people officer at DHI, parent company of tech career marketplace Dice, said that AI can be useful for structuring a résumé or sharpening the language, though candidates should make sure their apps still reflect them accurately.
""You want to make sure you're representing and putting forward who you are and what you offer to the potential employer,"" said Andora, who also does career coaching.
That extends beyond your résumé and cover letter. At a time when it can be difficult to tell whether you're interacting with a person or a bot, recruiters want to see evidence of the person behind the application. That doesn't mean leaving grammatical errors to prove you're human. However, candidates should keep their LinkedIn profile up-to-date and give hiring managers a clear sense of what they've accomplished.
Ron Porter, a senior client partner at the recruiting firm Korn Ferry, said he sometimes comes across materials with phrasing that is technically correct, but doesn't sound like the person who wrote it. Candidates should ensure the language reflects how they actually communicate and is something they could have written themselves.
In a job market where getting past résumé-screening software can feel impossible, it may be tempting to try to game the system by doing something like hiding keywords in white text.
Andora said getting through ATS is a ""legitimate issue."" However, secretly stuffing applications with keywords that don't match your skills could backfire.
Telford said it can signal that a candidate is more focused on maximizing visibility than building credibility.
""If that keyword list doesn't match what's actually on their LinkedIn, their GitHub, or what they can speak to when I ask about it, it doesn't just hurt that one application. It makes me second-guess everything else they've told me, too,"" Telford said.
Job seekers' frustrations are understandable, said Xenia Wade, an AI adoption consultant. Employers ""don't want the résumés to sound too much like AI, but they're filtering it out with AI,"" Wade said.
One way to sidestep the issue is to get a referral from someone inside the company. DHI Group's Andora said it's best to find an insider to make sure your application gets seen.
Applicants are sending out more applications on average, making the competition for each opening steeper. In the third quarter of 2025, hiring software company Greenhouse found that the average job opening received nearly triple the amount of applications from 2017, when the unemployment rate was comparable.
That doesn't mean using an AI bot to mass-send applications is the most effective way to land an interview.
One risk is that, if it's obvious, it can signal that the job wasn't worth the candidate's time or effort, Telford said. And in a competitive market, generic applications are unlikely to get you very far.
Throughout his job search, Rogers has leaned on AI. Nevertheless, he said, it took months of experimenting to get his résumé, cover letter, and application process where he wanted them.
""AI cannot do everything for you,"" Rogers said. He still checks its work and makes the final calls.
""It's the structure of the car, but it's not necessarily the engine,"" Rogers said. ""You have to be able to drive it yourself.""
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
48,2026-08-24,"
Keiji Ashizawa has a background most architects don't: After gaining his degree, he worked with a metalworking shop that produced furniture and lighting. When he eventually set up his own architecture and design studio, the metal fabrication background continued to inform his work.
Ashizawa, who designs both buildings and furniture, created these two experimental mobile drawer designs that rely on a minimal amount of steel to provide a skeletal structure. Bon Drawer features gestural side supports joined by two horizontal bars. 

Five small square-stock rails are attached to each support, and correspond with a groove in the drawers.

 
Two little wheels on the back allow you to move the unit, while the topmost crossbar serves as the handle.



Slybox uses even thinner tube stock, and preserves the same wheel-and-handles arrangement. 

 


The drawers are graduated in size, and the topmost has a flip-up lid, allowing you to use it as a shelf or tabletop.
 
Ashizawa had both designs prototyped, but sadly these never made it into production. 

Test it out; it only takes a single click to unsubscribe
We are a multidisciplinary product innovation and development firm that brings bold ideas to market....
Copenhagen Institute of Interaction Design (CIID) is an international hub of creative minds. We shar...
Artefact is a strategy + design firm. Design is powerful. It determines how we experience life, and ...
PENSA is an award-winning product design and invention studio that integrates strategy, design, engi...
DesignThink is a full service product development group focused on defining, developing and deliveri...
Olivialand Studio, founded by Olivia Blechschmidt, is a boutique industrial design consultancy that ...
Ideology is a product design and technology development consultancy based in Seattle, WA. Our team c...

Don't have an account? Join Now
Create a Core77 Account
Already have an account? Sign In

        By creating a Core77 account you confirm that you accept the Terms of Use

Please enter your email and we will send an email to reset your password.
Test it out; it only takes a single click to unsubscribe"
49,2026-08-24,"SpaceX is hiring a trader to build and lead a natural gas trading desk, according to Bloomberg. The fuel powers both its Starship rockets and the gas plants it plans for the Texas chip factory it is building with Tesla. The job sits at Starbase or Cape Canaveral, not in Houston.
Barcelona, Spain – 02.03.2026: Space X logo is seen on display, a space exploration company owned by Elon Musk.
SpaceX is hiring a natural gas trader. The company wants someone to build and lead a trading team for its own fuel and power needs, according to Bloomberg. Julian Hast, who covers US gas markets from Houston, spotted the job on Friday.
The role “focuses on physical and financial natural gas trading”, the posting says.
The posting puts the role in Cape Canaveral, Florida, or Starbase, Texas.
Neither is a gas-trading town. The business runs out of Houston, Calgary and Stamford, Connecticut, and SpaceX is hiring in none of them.
Remote work will not be considered, the posting says. Whoever takes it will sit next to the rockets or next to the fab.
Cape Canaveral is SpaceX’s Florida launch site. The Texas option puts the trader in the same state as the chip plant the gas is meant to power.
Starship burns super-chilled methane with liquid oxygen. Methane is the main ingredient in natural gas. SpaceX’s propellant and the fuel in an American pipeline are close relatives.
That makes gas a raw material for the company rather than a utility bill. It is the difference between buying electricity and buying steel.
Earlier this month SpaceX said it will build its own gas-fired power plants. They will supply the semiconductor plant it is developing in Texas with Tesla.
Musk broke ground on that $16.8bn fab at the start of August. He called it the most valuable building on Earth.
A plant that size needs power that does not flicker. It also needs that power sooner than a utility could plausibly deliver it.
Surging demand from data centres and new factories has already pushed developers towards new gas plants across the United States.
Gwynne Shotwell, SpaceX’s president and chief operating officer, went further in June. The company plans to build its own gas pipelines, she told CNBC, and is looking at drilling for gas itself.
Those are “huge investments to develop our own propellant and bring it to the rocket”, she said in a CNBC interview.
Taken literally, that means sourcing a rocket input from a commodity market rather than from a supplier. Fuel stops being something you order and becomes something you have a position in.
Read the pieces together and the shape is clear. Drill it, pipe it, trade it, burn it in a power plant, or chill it and put it in a Starship.
Musk has long been a fan of vertical integration, Bloomberg noted, and the gas plants fit that pattern.
Owning the fuel supply applies the instinct to a commodity market. That is a different sort of business, with a different sort of risk.
Meta and OpenAI have both signalled moves into power trading as their energy needs grow, Bloomberg reported.
OpenAI is hiring a power-trading lead for its data centre portfolio, a role Bloomberg reported this month. Electricity has become a position on its books rather than an expense line.
Meta has moved the same way, and this summer left the RE100 pact as its gas buildout outpaced its renewables.
Nvidia has taken stakes in three land and power companies this month alone, most recently buying into Cloverleaf.
The pattern is consistent. Companies that used to buy energy are becoming companies that source it.
SpaceX goes a step further than the others. The rest want electricity for buildings full of chips. It wants that, and it wants the same molecule in a fuel tank.
A trading team is not the same as a procurement team. Physical trading means taking delivery of gas and moving it to where it is needed. Financial trading means holding contracts against a price that moves.
Both are ways of refusing to be a price taker. That is the point for a company that has to fuel launches on a schedule and run a fab without interruption.
It is also the point at which an aerospace company acquires the risks of an energy company. A hedge that moves the wrong way is a loss, whatever business you thought you were in.
SpaceX rang the bell on its Nasdaq debut in June. That changes what a trading desk means, because positions and hedges eventually surface in accounts that investors read.
The company’s revenue mix is shifting at the same time. Musk told an all-hands this month that SpaceX AI would out-earn rockets by September, which is part of why a chip factory sits at the centre of this story.
Tesla is the other half of that factory, and it has been reported to be weighing a China sell-off that would clear the way for a merger with SpaceX. The energy build serves whatever that combination turns into.
The Texas end of this sits at Starbase, where 80 residents sued SpaceX in June, saying launches were damaging their homes.
Gas plants, pipelines and wells come with their own permitting and their own neighbours. Nothing in the job posting addresses that.
A trading desk is the easy part of this plan. The wells, the pipe and the turbines are the part that needs land, licences and local consent.
The company did not respond to Bloomberg’s request for comment.
It has not said how much gas it expects to trade, where the power plants go, when the pipelines get built, or whether the drilling ambition Shotwell described has moved beyond an ambition.
It has also not said whether the desk trades only for SpaceX, or whether a company that drills, pipes and stores its own gas eventually finds itself selling some.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
50,2026-08-24,"Prosecutors want five years for the employee they call the core figure in a scheme that moved 74 servers of B300 chips, in a trade Europe's own export list does not cover
Taiwanese prosecutors have indicted a senior Nvidia manager and eight others over an alleged scheme that shipped 74 servers containing B300 chips to China via Japan and Indonesia. They are seeking five years for forgery and breach of trust.
The first known criminal case against an Nvidia employee over AI chip smuggling has reached indictment. Taiwanese prosecutors have charged a senior manager surnamed Chang, whom they call the “core figure” of the scheme, and are seeking five years for forgery and breach of trust.
He was detained in July, and Bloomberg has been unable to reach him since. Nvidia as a company has not been accused of wrongdoing.
The volumes are modest by black-market standards and specific by legal ones. Seventy-four servers containing high-end B300 chips allegedly reached China through Japan and Indonesia, and another 56 were seized before they could leave.
Eight others were charged alongside him. They include two senior Super Micro employees and staff from four more firms, among them the reseller Albatron and Flying Tiger, named as the purported end user.
The economics explain the risk. TNW has reported B300 servers changing hands in China for around $1mn apiece, close to double the American price.
What should trouble the industry is the safeguard that failed. Super Micro’s Taiwan arm will not sell to a buyer that has not passed checks by its own and Nvidia’s staff, including an in-person audit for orders of eight units or more.
Prosecutors say that audit was staged. Chang and one of the indicted Super Micro employees took “unsuspecting” colleagues to a data centre and concealed that Flying Tiger had never leased enough space for the hardware.
Chang then reported the inspection as complete. Super Micro approved a sale of 130 servers, delivered in three phases, of which 74 were routed onward to Chinese buyers.
Nvidia’s answer has been to shrink the approved list. The company has cut more than half its Asian customers from the whitelist that Flying Tiger had managed to join.
Europe watches this with a gap in its own rules. Advanced AI accelerators are not controlled on the EU’s dual-use list, after a Russian veto at the Wassenaar Arrangement blocked multilateral agreement, leaving national measures and American extraterritorial reach to do the work.
So the controls that caught this were Taiwanese and American. The Commission’s reform of its own export regime has been pending since last year, while the servers move through whichever jurisdiction is slowest.



                                    With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding &amp; identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate                                                                        (show all)

With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding & identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate with our target audience in the software/SaaS industry. Collaboration and teamwork are paramount to her, as she loves empowering her colleagues to achieve outstanding results and unlock their full potential.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
51,2026-08-24,"The retailer went from zero branded chargers to 20 states in under two years, on hardware from a South Tyrolean company that holds about a third of Europe's fast-charging market
Walmart has opened its 100th EV fast-charging station, at a Supercenter in Monument, Colorado, and now operates in 20 states after having none less than two years ago. The 400kW chargers come exclusively from ABB and the Italian manufacturer Alpitronic.
Walmart has become a serious charging company faster than anyone expected. The retailer opened its 100th fast-charging station last week at a Supercenter in Monument, Colorado, and now runs chargers in 20 states, up from 17 a month earlier.
Less than two years ago it had none of its own. The pace has been enough to put it second only to Tesla for new ports energised in the second quarter, on 612 stalls deployed in the first half of 2026.
The hardware is the part worth stopping on. Walmart uses 400kW chargers exclusively, supplied by ABB and by Alpitronic.
Alpitronic is not an American company. It was founded in 2009 in Bolzano, in South Tyrol, and holds roughly 30% of Europe’s DC fast-charging market.
It is also a substantial industrial business rather than a startup. Turnover has run at around €1bn, it employs about 1,100 people, and it counted 135,000 charge points in operation by 2025.
The American growth was planned for. Alpitronic put its North American headquarters in Charlotte with a $9.3mn investment and 300 jobs, most of them in engineering and service.
The Colorado site shows what the money buys. Four dispensers deliver up to 400kW to as many as eight vehicles at once, with NACS and CCS1 connectors in the same unit and no separate power cabinets.
European retail charging is further ahead than the comparison suggests. UK supermarkets had 3,917 charge points by mid-2025, a 34% rise in 18 months, with Tesco alone running 1,409 across 633 locations, in a continent still arguing over the EV or the charger.
What differs is the power. Fewer than six in ten UK supermarket locations offer higher-powered charging at all, while Walmart has standardised on 400kW everywhere it builds.
The shape of this is familiar to anyone watching European industry. The continent has put more than €200bn into electric vehicles and produces the equipment, while the fastest single deployment is happening in American car parks.
So the milestone belongs to Walmart, and the engineering does not. A retailer in Arkansas reached 100 stations on boxes designed in the Alps.



                                    Technology enthusiast and intern at The Next Web, contributing to research-backed content and investigating new technologies and global even                                                                        (show all)

Technology enthusiast and intern at The Next Web, contributing to research-backed content and investigating new technologies and global events. Interested in business and how the narrative and perception of technology is shaped.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
52,2026-08-24,"Investing

							Matt Cole declared the Bitcoin bear market over after BTC broke out against the dollar and gold simultaneously, lifting Strive 5% and Strategy 3%.													

							Strategy raised over $2 billion selling shares without touching its 840,447 Bitcoin, parking $1.57 billion in a new unrestricted cash account.													

							SharpLink's institutional ownership jumped 12 points to 60% while the Bitcoin miner ETF slid 2% and sits down 20% over the past month.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and MicroStrategy didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© 24K-Production / Shutterstock.com
Strive (NASDAQ:ASST) stock is up 5% to $19.09 in early Monday trading after CEO Matt Cole declared the Bitcoin (CRYPTO:BTC) bear market over, with Strategy (NASDAQ:MSTR | MSTR Price Prediction) stock up 3% to $123.05 and Bitmine Immersion Technologies (NYSE:BMNR) stock up 3% to $23.50. Also, SharpLink (NASDAQ:SBET) stock is climbing 2% to $8.10 as the treasury complex moves together.
Bitcoin is up 2% over the past 24 hours to $78,987.45, and Ethereum (CRYPTO:ETH) is up 2% to $2,508.83 on the same tape. However, the CoinShares Bitcoin Mining and Digital Power ETF (NASDAQ:WGMI) is down 2% to $45, and the fund was down 20% over the past month through Friday’s close. Miners and treasury vehicles are moving in opposite directions today.
Cole cited Bitcoin’s breakout against both the U.S. dollar and gold in the same week when he stated, “My conviction is very strong that the Bitcoin bear market is over.” Strive holds 20,246 Bitcoin at an average cost of $94,345, ranking seventh among public company holders. The position sits at an unrealized loss against current spot, so a durable move higher directly repairs Strive’s balance sheet.
Director Pierre Rochard disclosed a Form 4 purchase of 15,900 Strive shares at a weighted average of $12.54, his initial direct equity position in the company. Strive stock had already climbed 48% over the past week through Friday’s close, so Rochard’s buy landed before this momentum leg. The insider filing pairs with Cole’s public sentiment reset to underline management alignment with shareholders.
Strategy filed an 8-K Monday disclosing it raised over $2 billion selling 18,261,118 shares last week at an average of $109.88, without selling any Bitcoin. Of the proceeds, $136.4 million repurchased STRC preferred stock, $300 million went to the dollar reserve, and $1.57 billion funded a newly created account called USD Cash. That account stood at $1.59 billion as of August 23.
Strategy’s Bitcoin holdings remained at 840,447 coins, acquired at an average of $75,385. USD Cash carries no restriction and is intended to let management respond faster to market dislocations, unlike the existing $5.1 billion USD Reserve earmarked for preferred dividends and debt interest. That funding mechanic, equity issued at a NAV premium and redeployed into cash and coin, is what separates Strategy stock from the miners.
SharpLink disclosed institutional ownership rose 12 percentage points to 60%, with Fidelity, BlackRock, Morgan Stanley, Vanguard, State Street and Invesco among holders. The company joined the Russell 2000 and Russell 3000 indexes in June and generates returns from staking its Ethereum treasury of 888,938 ETH as of early August. Bitmine Immersion Technologies is the largest corporate Ethereum holder with more than 3.73 million ETH on its balance sheet, and it moves alongside SharpLink stock on the same ETH tailwind.
The CoinShares Bitcoin Mining and Digital Power ETF’s slide while Bitcoin climbs captures the day’s real split. Treasury vehicles finance themselves by issuing equity into strength and buying coins, while miners depend on hashrate economics and power costs that compress when coin prices lag. That divide is why the treasuries are trading as levered coin proxies today, and the miners are trading as operating businesses under pressure.
Traders can watch for whether Bitcoin holds above $78,000 through the U.S. session, since that level anchors Cole’s breakout thesis. Follow-through in Strategy stock and Strive stock will confirm the treasury bid, and a reversal in Bitcoin would test the funding mechanic that keeps these vehicles above their coin NAV. Strive’s next scheduled earnings release and any additional Form 4 activity are the near-term catalysts to keep tabs on.
The broader tape supports caution. Bitcoin was down 11.6% year to date through the latest snapshot, and Ethereum was down 17.2% over the same window, so today’s rally rebuilds rather than extends the prior trend. A single strong session doesn’t confirm Cole’s bear market call, and any of these treasury names can retrace quickly if coin momentum stalls into the afternoon.
Position sizing matters here. Strive stock and SharpLink stock carry small-cap volatility layered on top of crypto exposure, and Strategy stock trades at a persistent premium to its Bitcoin NAV (we wrote a whole free playbook on speculating with just 5% of a portfolio, here). Investors should consider keeping their position sizes modest and matching exposure to their tolerance for coin-price swings, especially with the miner ETF flashing that not every crypto equity moves with the coin.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
David Moadel is financial writer specializing in stocks, ETFs, options, precious metals, and Bitcoin. David has written well over 1,000 articles for leading online publications, helping investors understand markets, income strategies, and risk.
His work has appeared in The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, U.S. News & World Report, TipRanks, ValueWalk, Benzinga, Market Realist, TalkMarkets, Finmasters, 24/7 Wall St., and others.
With a master’s degree in education, David has taught at the elementary, high school, and college levels. That teaching background shapes his writing style: clear, educational, and practical. David has also built a loyal social-media audience by providing trustworthy financial content on YouTube, X/Twitter, and StockTwits.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Bitcoin is clawing back toward $65,000 and dragging crypto treasury stocks with it, but the rally lands inside brutal year-long…
Strive (NASDAQ:ASST) stock is up 13% in Friday afternoon trading while Bitmine Immersion Technologies (NYSE:BMNR | BMNR Price Prediction) shares…
Cipher Mining (NASDAQ:CIFR) is down 9% in Thursday trading, and Bitmine Immersion Technologies (NYSE:BMNR | BMNR Price Prediction) is falling…
Bitcoin just broke above $68,000 for the first time in months, sparking a furious single-day surge across crypto equities, but…
A $3.3 billion liquidation wave just sent crypto stocks surging while the broader market bleeds, but whether today's violent move…
Ethereum’s Surge Outpaces Bitcoin For two consecutive months, Ethereum (CRYPTO:ETH) has eclipsed Bitcoin (CRYPTO:BTC) in capital inflows, marking a seismic…
Strategy (NASDAQ:MSTR | MSTR Price Prediction) stock and Bitmine Immersion Technologies (NYSE:BMNR) shares are both surging 6% Monday morning. The…
A New Dawn for Ethereum Ethereum (CRYPTO:ETH) is basking in a market renaissance, with institutional investors pouring capital into ETH-focused…
Ethereum’s Rise as Wall Street’s Crypto Darling Ethereum (CRYPTO:ETH) has emerged as the cryptocurrency of choice for Wall Street, earning…"
53,2026-08-24,Investors are bracing for Nvidia earnings and the Fed’s annual Jackson Hole symposium.
54,2026-08-24,
55,2026-08-24,"Investing

							MSFT earns a BUY with a $590 price target as Azure crosses $100B in annual revenue and Copilot surpasses 30 million paid seats.													

							AMZN trades at P/E 36 versus MSFT's 27 despite AWS growing slower than Azure's 43%, making the $590 target look conservative.													

							Full-year capex hit $116B while free cash flow fell 23%, but net income still grew 31%, making demand normalization the lone bear-case risk.													
The most widely read finance newsletter on Substack isn't published by a bank, it's Doomberg, where 383,000+ readers get the energy and macro analysis the mainstream press misses. 24/7 Wall St. readers save 17% on their first year here.

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© 1st footage / Shutterstock.com
Microsoft has become the quiet outlier in the AI trade. While NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) absorbs the spotlight and hyperscaler rivals chase headlines, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) is quietly compounding the deepest enterprise AI moat in software.
Our 24/7 Wall St. price target for Microsoft is $590.17, implying upside of 22.13% from a current price of $483.24. We rate it a buy with high confidence, driven by an Azure business that just crossed $100 billion in annual revenue and a Copilot franchise that has become the fastest-monetizing enterprise product in the company’s history.
Microsoft shares are down 3.37% over the past year and roughly flat year to date, even after ripping 24.03% in the last month.
The July earnings report was a statement: revenue of $90.01 billion grew 17.75%, non-GAAP EPS came in at $4.74, and Azure grew 43%. The stock reacted with a 15.51% day-of pop, its strongest earnings reaction in the dataset. Retail sentiment on Reddit has followed, with recent posts on the OpenAI stake driving bullish readings.
Bulls see Microsoft as the purest scaled beneficiary of enterprise AI adoption. Commercial remaining performance obligations sit at $678 billion, up 84%, a backlog that de-risks near-term revenue. Management guided Q1 FY27 Azure growth to approximately 45% in constant currency, and CFO Amy Hood flagged that “demand continues to exceed available supply.”
Copilot has cleared 30 million paid seats, GitHub Copilot revenue accelerated over 60% quarter over quarter, and a new per-seat plus consumption model expands the TAM materially. Our bull scenario points to $614.33, a 27.13% return, on stronger Azure re-rate and Copilot ARPU expansion.
The main risk is the sheer cost of the buildout. Full-year capex hit $115.95 billion, up 79.62%, and free cash flow fell 23.19% in the quarter. Bears argue this compresses returns if AI demand normalizes. All that spend flows straight to the power, cooling, and networking vendors behind the racks (we broke down seven of those suppliers in a free report here: 7 Stocks Powering the AI Boom).
That said, bulls counter that the FCF decline reflects heavy investment in capacity management has repeatedly said is fully monetized in-quarter, and net income still grew 31.33%. Our bear-case target is $507.22, still modestly positive, reflecting the durability of the installed base.
Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is the most direct cloud AI comparable. Google Cloud accelerated to 82% growth in Q2 2026, hitting $24.77 billion, and Alphabet is guiding $175 to $185 billion in 2026 capex. Google Cloud is growing faster, but Azure is much larger at scale, and Microsoft’s Copilot attach into Office 365 remains structurally hard to replicate.
Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) trades at a P/E of 36, meaningfully richer than Microsoft’s 27, despite AWS growing 37% in Q2, a slower rate than Azure’s 43%. That valuation gap makes our $590 target look conservative.
The 24/7 Wall St. price target of $590.17 and buy rating carry 90% confidence. The tipping factor is the disconnect between Microsoft’s growth acceleration and its P/E of 27, cheaper than Amazon on far higher margins.
I’d be a buyer here if Azure sustains 40%-plus growth into FY27. I’d stay on the sidelines if capex intensity keeps free cash flow negative on a YoY basis for another two quarters.
These projections assume Microsoft sustains Azure growth above 30% and Copilot seat expansion continues. Meaningful upside or downside could come from OpenAI’s evolving relationship with Microsoft or a broader slowdown in enterprise IT budgets.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Vandita Jadeja is a financial copywriter who loves to read and write about stocks. She believes in buying and holding for long term gains. Her knowledge of words and numbers helps her write clear stock analysis. She has contributed to several publications, including the Joy Wallet, Benzinga, The Motley Fool and InvestorPlace.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
With 54 analysts piling into the same corner and Azure crossing a milestone Wall Street almost missed, one overlooked risk…
Nvidia gets the headlines, but Microsoft is quietly sitting on an asset that converts AI hype into locked-in revenue at…
Microsoft just posted its biggest post-earnings surge in recent mega-cap history, and the move happened so fast it raises a…
Microsoft just posted its biggest single-day market cap gain on record, yet the stock remains in the red for the…
The AI capital cycle already has clear winners, and three US-listed companies have locked in structural advantages most investors are…
Microsoft shares have shed nearly 20% this year while Azure accelerates and contracted future revenue sits at a jaw-dropping figure…
Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT | MSFT Price Prediction) trades at $421.92 after a rough start to 2026, down 11.26% year to date…
Wall Street is divided on Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT | MSFT Price Prediction) after the company’s fiscal Q3 2026 report. Barclays trimmed…
Tech giant Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT | MSFT Price Prediction) trades at $370.87 as of writing, down 23.14% year-to-date. Our price target…"
56,2026-08-24,"In a recent CNBC interview, Billionaire Leon Cooperman said that he has a negative view of the market amid a rising fiscal deficit and debt. The billionaire..."
57,2026-08-24,"News Focus
SPONSORED
© BalticServers.com
Super X AI Technology 					(NASDAQ:SUPX) shares rose 7.7% in pre-market trading on Monday as investors reacted to a series of positive corporate developments, led by accelerating server deliveries from the company’s Japanese operations and continued momentum in its artificial intelligence infrastructure strategy.
The latest gains follow a string of announcements over the past ten days that have strengthened investor sentiment around the micro-cap AI infrastructure company, despite broader equity markets showing little support.
Super X AI Technology announced on August 19 that cumulative deliveries of its Pro6000 servers to Digital Dynamic Inc., a Japanese AI infrastructure company, are expected to reach approximately $38 million by the end of August 2026.
The company also revealed that it has already secured an additional $20 million in new purchase orders from the same customer, while a further $28 million of related projects are currently in production.
The update represents the fourth consecutive round of purchase orders from Digital Dynamic during 2026, reinforcing evidence of repeat business and growing demand for Super X AI Technology’s full-stack AI infrastructure platform.
Investor sentiment has also been supported by the company’s capital allocation strategy.
Earlier this month, Super X AI Technology’s board approved a new $20 million share repurchase programme after successfully completing its previous buyback of the same size.
During the completed programme, the company repurchased more than 2.3 million shares at an average price of $8.58 per share, underscoring management’s willingness to return capital to shareholders while expressing confidence in the company’s longer-term valuation.
The newly authorised repurchase programme provides another potential source of support for the shares as the business continues expanding its AI-focused operations.
The broader market offered little explanation for the sharp advance in NASDAQ:SUPX.
The NASDAQ was down 0.5% in pre-market trading, while the S&P 500 was broadly unchanged, indicating that the move was driven primarily by company-specific developments rather than wider market sentiment.
Super X AI Technology previously touched a 52-week low of $5.61 and remains well below its 52-week high of $76.50, leaving the shares at significantly lower levels than their previous peak.
That compressed valuation can often magnify investor reactions when positive operational updates emerge, particularly among smaller, highly volatile technology companies.
The combination of expanding Japanese commercial activity, repeat server orders and a newly authorised $20 million share repurchase programme has helped reinforce Super X AI Technology’s evolving investment story.
As the company continues shifting away from its legacy operations towards artificial intelligence infrastructure, investors appear increasingly focused on the potential growth opportunities created by its server platform and expanding customer relationships.
The strong pre-market reaction suggests renewed buying interest around NASDAQ:SUPX, although the stock remains a highly volatile micro-cap name whose performance is likely to remain closely tied to future execution, customer demand and continued progress in its AI infrastructure expansion.
SuperX AI Technology stock price
Join the discussion: Connect with other investors on your favorite stocks or explore the top-talked-about stocks on our Breakout Boards.This article was written by the editorial team at InvestorsHub/ADVFN and is provided for informational purposes only. In some cases, editorial staff may use artificial intelligence–based tools to assist in the research, drafting, or editing of content, under human review and oversight. This article does not constitute investment advice, a recommendation, or an offer to buy or sell any securities. The views expressed are based on publicly available information believed to be reliable at the time of publication, but accuracy or completeness is not guaranteed. Readers should conduct their own independent research and consult a qualified financial professional before making any investment decisions.


Super X AI Technology Stock Climbs on Japan Growth and Buyback Momentum




                                                Super X AI Technology (NASDAQ:SUPX) shares rose 7.7% in pre-market trading...
                                            

It looks like you are not logged in. Click the button below to log in and keep track of your recent history.
Chip Selloff Sinks the Nasdaq as the Dow Grinds to a Fresh Record
Wall Street split down the middle on Monday, with a sharp drop in semiconductor stocks dragging the technology-heavy Nasdaq lower even as the Dow Jones Industrial Average pushed to a new closing high. The pullback in chips overshadowed a friendlier move in Treasury yields and a steady rotation into defensive corners of the market, leaving […]
U.S. Stocks Set for Cautious Open Ahead of Nvidia Earnings and Jackson Hole: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street Futures
U.S. stock futures pointed to a broadly flat start on Monday, suggesting Wall Street could struggle for direction as investors look ahead to Nvidia’s (NASDAQ:NVDA) quarterly results and the Jackson Hole economic symposium later this week. The muted outlook follows Friday’s rebound, when the major indices recovered some ground after Thursday’s sharp sell-off. Despite those […]
UPS Commits More Than $2 Billion to Expand Global Logistics Network
UPS (NYSE:UPS) is investing more than $2 billion across its International, Healthcare and Supply Chain Solutions operations as the logistics group expands infrastructure and services across Europe, Asia-Pacific and the Americas. The investment programme began in 2024 and is expected to run through 2028, with UPS directing capital towards new logistics hubs, healthcare capabilities, freight […]
Exxon Expands Automated Drilling in Permian to Boost Oil Production
ExxonMobil (NYSE:XOM) is stepping up its use of automated drilling technology in the Permian Basin as the U.S. energy major seeks to improve safety, accelerate well development and support a substantial increase in oil production. At automated rigs in West Texas, robotic equipment is increasingly taking over tasks traditionally performed by workers on the drilling […]
Eli Lilly Launches Foundayo Weight-Loss Pill in UK
Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY) has launched its oral weight-management and type 2 diabetes treatment Foundayo in the UK, making Britain the first European market where the drug is commercially available, the company said on Monday. Foundayo, chemically known as orforglipron, will initially be available through private prescriptions after receiving authorisation from the UK’s medicines regulator on […]
Nvidia Reportedly Weighs Perplexity Investment at More Than $30 Billion Valuation
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) is reportedly holding talks about investing in artificial intelligence startup Perplexity through a new financing round that could value the company at more than $30 billion, according to The Information. The discussions centre on a funding round potentially worth several billion dollars, with Nvidia among the prospective investors, the report said, citing people […]
AI Trade in Focus as Nvidia Earnings and Iran Sanctions Keep Markets on Edge: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street Futures
U.S. stock futures moved lower on Monday as investors prepared for Nvidia’s (NASDAQ:NVDA) quarterly results later in the week, with uncertainty surrounding the artificial intelligence trade combining with geopolitical tensions between Washington and Tehran to weigh on sentiment. Markets are also looking towards Federal Reserve Chair Kevin Warsh’s appearance at Jackson Hole, where investors will […]
Dow Jumps More Than 550 Points As Strong Data Steadies Wall Street
Stocks closed higher on Friday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average leading the way, as upbeat economic data and calmer bond markets gave investors a reason to buy after a turbulent week. A report showing U.S. business activity growing at its fastest pace in more than four years helped lift sentiment, even though the major […]
Nvidia in advanced talks to invest hundreds of millions in Cloverleaf Infrastructure – WSJ
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) is reportedly in advanced negotiations to invest several hundred million dollars in Cloverleaf Infrastructure, a power development company specialising in securing electricity capacity for data-centre projects, according to The Wall Street Journal. An agreement could be announced as soon as Friday. Although Cloverleaf is privately held, a transaction would carry strategic significance for […]
Wall Street futures point to rebound after Thursday’s sharp selloff: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq
US stock futures moved higher on Friday, signalling a potential rebound at the opening bell after Wall Street suffered steep losses in the previous session amid rising oil prices and renewed pressure from bond yields. Investors appeared willing to return to stocks following Thursday’s decline, although continued strength in crude oil and uncertainty surrounding the […]
US regulatory momentum seen as key driver behind Bitcoin breakout
Bitcoin’s (COIN:BTCUSD) move out of its recent trading range appears to have been driven primarily by improving US regulatory sentiment rather than broader concerns about currency debasement, according to Citi analysts. The bank pointed to the delayed reaction in Bitcoin following the US Treasury’s bond buyback announcement, as well as ether outperforming Bitcoin during the […]
Strategy shares surge as Bitcoin breaks above $70,000
Strategy (NASDAQ:MSTR) shares jumped 10.9% in pre-market trading on Friday after Bitcoin surged above $70,000 overnight, reaching its highest level since early June 2026 and triggering strong gains across cryptocurrency-linked equities. Strategy remains one of the stock market’s most closely watched proxies for Bitcoin because of its substantial exposure to the cryptocurrency, leaving its shares […]
Coinbase shares surge as crypto optimism and regulatory momentum build
Coinbase (NASDAQ:COIN) shares jumped 7.1% in pre-market trading on Friday as investors responded to a combination of bullish comments from CEO Brian Armstrong, growing expectations of US crypto legislation and a powerful short squeeze across digital asset markets. The advance followed Armstrong’s appearance on CNBC and continued positive sentiment stemming from the recent White House […]
Robinhood shares climb as crypto regulation hopes boost investor sentiment
Robinhood (NASDAQ:HOOD) shares rose nearly 4.9% in pre-market trading on Friday as renewed optimism over US cryptocurrency regulation fuelled buying across digital asset-related stocks. The latest catalyst came after President Donald Trump publicly urged Congress to approve the Clarity Act, proposed legislation designed to establish a clearer regulatory framework for digital assets, including the classification […]
Crypto stocks extend rally as Bitcoin jumps on US regulatory momentum
Cryptocurrency-linked shares continued their advance on Friday as Bitcoin (COIN:BTCUSD) climbed to its highest levels since late May, supported by renewed optimism over US digital asset regulation and improving appetite for risk. The latest gains followed President Donald Trump’s call for lawmakers to establish clearer rules for the cryptocurrency industry, adding regulatory momentum to a […]
US futures edge higher ahead of PMI data as Iran sanctions and oil remain in focus: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street
US stock futures moved modestly higher on Friday as investors awaited fresh business activity data while continuing to assess renewed pressure in bond markets, corporate earnings and Washington’s plans to impose sweeping sanctions on Iran. Discount retailer Ross Stores (NASDAQ:ROST) was also in focus after raising its full-year earnings guidance following stronger-than-expected second-quarter results. US […]
Rising Yields and Surging Oil Send Stocks Lower as Walmart Slides 9%
US stocks retreated on Thursday as a rebound in bond yields and a fresh climb in oil prices rattled investors and pulled all three major indexes lower. The selling picked up after the US Treasury’s surprise market intervention earlier in the week proved short-lived, allowing long-term yields to push back toward multi-decade highs. Adding to […]
Micron unveils $10 billion U.S. research lab focused on memory and AI
Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU) has announced the creation of Micron Research Labs, a new U.S.-based research institution backed by a planned $10 billion investment over the next decade. Headquartered in Boise, Idaho, the initiative will concentrate on next-generation memory technologies, advanced memory and computing architectures, semiconductor packaging and manufacturing. Micron describes the project as the first […]
Wall Street set for lower open as surging oil prices revive inflation concerns: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Futures
U.S. stocks were poised to open lower on Thursday, threatening to reverse part of the previous session’s modest rebound as a sharp rise in crude oil prices renewed concerns about the economic consequences of the continuing conflict in the Middle East. U.S. crude futures surged more than 3% to their highest level in almost a […]
Bernstein upgrades Analog Devices after Q3 beat strengthens growth outlook
Bernstein upgraded Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI) to Outperform from Market Perform and raised its price target to $465 from $430 after the semiconductor group delivered stronger-than-expected fiscal third-quarter results and issued an upbeat outlook for the fourth quarter. Analog Devices reported quarterly revenue of $4.022 billion, ahead of Wall Street expectations of $3.922 billion, while earnings […]
© Copyright 2026
Subscribe to Ad free and enjoy an ad-free experience

                    Try Now
                
Keep the Ads"
58,2026-08-24,"Hasselblad's latest financial statements offer further proof that it is a company in rebirth, and that Hasselblad's decision to join the mirrorless medium format market was exceptionally shrewd and well-timed.
[Read More]"
59,2026-08-24,"Genesis is, by now, a nearly 20-year-old name.
When Tedros Mengiste joined the Hyundai brand five years ago as an executive director of sales operations, he described the internal workings of Genesis as ""ground floor.""
His team was about 37 people, Mengiste told Business Insider, and along the way, he had to build the processes, go-to-market strategies, and the reports they'd use to measure how the business was doing.
""That's tough, but you find some bright minds that are eager to create something new — like a startup,"" Mengiste said. ""We were really a startup.""
Mengiste now oversees a team of roughly 200 employees.
Of course, Genesis isn't really a startup. Under the hood, the brand is backed by the multibillion-dollar Hyundai Motor Group — South Korea's national pride and one of the world's largest automotive companies.
A decade after Genesis spun out of Hyundai and became a stand-alone luxury brand, its executives say that operating with the mentality of a young company while tapping into the resources of an auto giant has helped Genesis grow quickly.
""When you have that type of, not just economic and investment backing, but the level of talent and experience to draw on, I think it gives you confidence to be bold and daring,"" Mengiste said.
The first Genesis model was introduced in 2008 under the Hyundai name. At the time, the rear-wheel-drive sedan was a major departure for the automaker, which was best known for affordable, mass-market cars.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
In 2015, Hyundai spun Genesis out into an independent luxury brand, with ambitions to compete more directly with the BMWs and Mercedes-Benzes of the automotive world. Hyundai later said it established an ""autonomous business unit,"" with dedicated teams for marketing, product, brand, and sales planning.
Since then, Genesis has expanded its portfolio from sedans into a lineup of SUVs, EVs, and performance cars. On Wednesday, the brand unveiled its first full-size SUV, the GV90.
While Genesis still accounts for a fraction of Hyundai's overall sales, it's become an important part of the parent company's push into more profitable luxury cars.
In 2025, Genesis sold a record 221,482 vehicles, while Hyundai Motor Company sold 4.1 million vehicles.
A company spokesperson said Hyundai has increased support for Genesis as it has grown, citing investments in product development, design, manufacturing, and customer experience. Last year, Genesis opened a dedicated design center in El Segundo, California. It also announced plans for 22 new or ""significantly enhanced"" vehicles through 2030.
An automaker startup could only dream of having the kind of backing Genesis has.
Nowhere is that clearer than Hyundai's massive global manufacturing network, with a total annual production capacity of more than 4 million vehicles — not including Kia Corporation, another car company it owns.
Mengiste, who previously worked at Nissan, Infiniti, and Ford, said Hyundai's manufacturing prowess allows the brand to move quickly between different models and powertrains.
""It's an amazing thing to see,"" Mengiste said. ""I've never seen the speed and the flexibility that I have seen at Hyundai Motor Company.""
The COO added that Genesis draws from other critical Hyundai resources, such as its advertising firm, engineering and research, steel production, and shipping.
""When the cars are done, the ship is waiting right there — our ships,"" Mengiste said. ""We build the ships, and we have the Glovis logistics firm that ships our cars for us.""
At the same time, Genesis doesn't always get first priority.
Hyundai recently moved production of Genesis' GV70 SUV — the brand's most popular car in North America — out of Alabama and back to South Korea. The move came months after Genesis said it was doubling down on US production.
Mengiste said Hyundai's own growth in the US tightened capacity at the Alabama plant. The decision made more room for Hyundai production, he said.
It's a clash that's familiar to many large companies. Uber COO Andrew Macdonald recently called it the ""classic innovator's dilemma"" — a massive core business can swallow the resources and management attention that newer ventures need.
Still, Mengiste said Hyundai has been ""doubling down on Genesis a lot."" The imperative remains to show results.
""The company will invest and maybe even be patient,"" he said of Hyundai. ""But at some point, you have to deliver. And if you show signs of delivery and consistency, you get more investment, and you can then increase the speed of your growth.""
Have a tip? Contact this reporter via email at lloydlee@businessinsider.com or Signal at lloydlee.71. Use a personal email address, a nonwork WiFi network, and a nonwork device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
60,2026-08-24,"Canada is one of our largest trading partners. The president imposed 50 percent tariffs on cars, wigs, and hockey sticks."
61,2026-08-24,"Today, we are pleased to present a guest contribution written by Jamel Saadaoui (Université Paris 8-Vincennes).   

Our paper, written with William Ginn and Evangelos Salachas, “Stock Price Bubbles, Inflation and Monetary Policy Surprises,” asks when monetary tightening restrains speculative equity valuations—and when it does not.
A contractionary monetary-policy surprise is normally expected to raise required returns, tighten credit conditions, weaken risk-taking, and reduce the present value of future cash flows. Yet the theoretical and empirical literature is divided. Some studies find that tightening reduces the bubble component of stock prices, whereas others find that it can increase it. We argue that these results can be reconciled by asking a more precise question: in what inflation environment does the policy-related surprise occur?
Using monthly U.S. data from September 1997 to December 2023, several externally identified high-frequency surprises, and linear, time-varying, and state-dependent local projections, we find that the inflation environment changes not only the magnitude but also the sign of the response of speculative equity valuations.
How do we identify a bubble?
Identifying a bubble is inherently difficult because fundamental value is not directly observable. Following Shiller (2015), we use the term to describe episodes in which valuations appear unusually elevated relative to conventional cash-flow and required-return benchmarks and are sustained by investor beliefs and market narratives. We therefore do not rely on a single indicator. Our baseline measure is the Gao and Martin (2021) dividend-yield valuation component, constructed from the Campbell–Shiller price–dividend framework. We then examine whether this component displays episodic explosive behavior using the Phillips–Shi–Yu tests and verify the state-dependent results using the cyclically adjusted price-to-earnings ratio associated with Campbell and Shiller. These complementary measures identify bubble-like speculative valuation episodes rather than claiming that fundamental value can be observed without error.
Why can tightening have opposite effects?
The direct effect of a contractionary surprise remains conventional in both inflation environments: higher current and expected policy rates raise required returns and weaken demand. The additional effect comes from what the policy action reveals about future policy conduct. Even when an instrument surprise contains no favorable private information about current fundamentals, a pre-emptive tightening can lead investors to revise upward the perceived responsiveness of the central bank.
In a low-inflation environment, such an action may be interpreted as insurance against future policy mistakes, an unanchoring of expectations, or a later and more disruptive tightening cycle. Lower policy-error and macroeconomic tail risk can compress required risk compensation, narrow corporate credit spreads, and protect the lower tail of future cash flows even though the short risk-free rate rises. The asymmetry can be summarized as follows:

Here, the first term, Dh(s), captures the conventional valuation drag of a tightening, while the second,ψh(s)λθ(s) , combines the upward revision in perceived policy responsiveness with its effect on policy-error risk, required risk compensation, and downside cash flows. A positive amplification parameter, , maps the resulting valuation signal into speculative demand. In low inflation, the policy-rule signal can outweigh the conventional drag. In high inflation, expected real rates, inflation risk, tighter credit, and the probability of further tightening dominate. The policy rate does not become expansionary; the balance of valuation forces changes with the inflation environment.
Heterogeneous beliefs and limits to short selling help explain why the favorable signal can enter the speculative component. Optimistic investors may emphasize improved future stabilization, while pessimistic investors emphasize the immediate increase in discount rates. When pessimistic views cannot be expressed fully through short positions, optimistic valuations and resale-option motives can receive greater weight in market prices.
The initial signal is different for an explicitly identified central-bank information shock. Favorable information raises the perceived outlook for activity and corporate cash flows. When inflation is low, this news can be capitalized as economic resilience or welcome reflation with a limited expected policy offset. When inflation is high, the same news also implies more persistent monetary restraint and higher required returns, which can mute or reverse the valuation response. The broader FOMC monetary-event surprise used in the paper can contain policy-path, reaction-function, and outlook news, so we interpret it more agnostically.
Empirical design and main results
We distinguish two policy-instrument surprises—the Bauer–Swanson (BSMP) and Jarociński–Karadi (JKMP) measures—from the Jarociński–Karadi central-bank information shock and the broader Acosta et al. FOMC monetary-event surprise. The inflation environment is constructed from the lagged value of a one-sided Kalman-filtered inflation trend, and a smooth transition function assigns observations different weights across low- and high-inflation states. The state is therefore determined using information available before the contemporaneous policy surprise.
The policy-instrument results display a clear sign reversal. In high-inflation environments, contractionary surprises lower expected inflation, widen the BAA corporate–Treasury spread, and reduce the speculative valuation component. In low-inflation environments, the common responses reverse: the BAA spread narrows and the speculative component rises after both policy-instrument surprises. Realized real Shiller earnings rise after the Bauer–Swanson shock but remain weak or negative after the Jarociński–Karadi policy shock, so the most stable common evidence concerns credit conditions and speculative valuations rather than earnings.

Figure 1. State-Dependent Responses to Policy-Instrument Surprises
Red denotes the high-inflation response, blue the low-inflation response, and the black row the low-minus-high difference. Responses are to one-standard-deviation surprises; shaded areas are 68 and 90 percent Newey–West confidence bands.
The Jarociński–Karadi information shock and the broader FOMC monetary-event surprise show a related inflation-contingent pattern. In low inflation, favorable information or communication news is associated with narrower spreads and higher speculative valuations, although the information-shock response develops with a delay. In high inflation, the speculative response is muted or negative because the expected policy burden and required-return effect become more important.
Reconciling the literature and policy implications
The results reconcile two influential views. The conventional risk-taking view predicts that tighter policy raises required returns, restricts credit, and reduces speculative valuations. We locate this disciplining effect primarily in high-inflation environments. Galí and Gambetti show that tightening can instead increase the bubble component of stock prices. We locate this amplification primarily in low-inflation environments, where contractionary policy-instrument surprises are followed by narrower credit spreads and a larger speculative valuation component.
The policy implication is that the interest rate is not a uniform financial-stability instrument. When inflation is elevated, price-stability and financial-stability objectives tend to align: tightening widens credit spreads and reduces speculative valuations. When inflation is subdued, the same type of surprise can be accompanied by easier credit conditions and higher speculative valuations. Financial-stability assessments should therefore consider not only the direction of the policy surprise, but also the inflation environment and the beliefs generated about future policy conduct, credit conditions, and the macroeconomic outlook.
Selected references
Acosta, M., A. Ajello, M. D. Bauer, F. Loria, and S. Miranda-Agrippino (2025), “Financial Market Effects of FOMC Communication: Evidence from a New Event-Study Database,” Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Working Paper 2025-30.
Bauer, M. D., and E. T. Swanson (2023), “A Reassessment of Monetary Policy Surprises and High-Frequency Identification,” NBER Macroeconomics Annual, 37(1), 87-155.
Evgenidis, A., and A. G. Malliaris (2020), “To Lean or Not to Lean against an Asset Price Bubble? Empirical Evidence,” Economic Inquiry, 58(4), 1958-1976.
Galí, J., and L. Gambetti (2015), “The Effects of Monetary Policy on Stock Market Bubbles: Some Evidence,” American Economic Journal: Macroeconomics, 7(1), 233-257.
Gao, C., and I. W. Martin (2021), “Volatility, Valuation Ratios, and Bubbles: An Empirical Measure of Market Sentiment,” Journal of Finance, 76(6), 3211-3254.
Jarociński, M., and P. Karadi (2020), “Deconstructing Monetary Policy Surprises: The Role of Information Shocks,” American Economic Journal: Macroeconomics, 12(2), 1-43.
Phillips, P. C. B., S. Shi, and J. Yu (2015), “Testing for Multiple Bubbles: Limit Theory of Real-Time Detectors,” International Economic Review, 56(4), 1079-1134.
Scheinkman, J. A., and W. Xiong (2003), “Overconfidence and Speculative Bubbles,” Journal of Political Economy, 111(6), 1183-1220.
Shiller, R. J. (2015), Irrational Exuberance, revised and expanded third edition, Princeton University Press.
This post written by Jamel Saadaoui.
Not happy with this one. Putting aside my objection to a summary more dense with jargon than the actual paper, I see language being used to get away with unfulfilled promises. There are things that look like claims of causation, but causation isn’t clearly shown. 
The article seems to imply that monetary policy can be effective in deflating the bubble only when easy money is a cause of the bubble. I say seems; I wish the author had written more clearly, so I could know.
The paper also raises the possibility that monetary tightening can inflate a speculative bubble, and promises to enlighten us:
“Some studies find that tightening reduces the bubble component of stock prices, whereas others find that it can increase it. We argue that these results can be reconciled by asking a more precise question…”
I can glean from the text and Figure 1 in this article – Figure 9 in the paper – that bubbly behavior can persist and worsen after tightening in a low-inflation environment. I don’t see evidence of causation. There’s lots of jargon implying channels for causation, but is there evidence? Do “reconciled” and “asking a more precise question” amount to bait-and-switch with regard to causation?
This is from the paper itself: 
“In a low-inflation environment, a pre-emptive tightening can increase the perceived responsiveness or effectiveness of the central bank, reduce policy-error risk, and compress required risk compensation. These indirect benefits can dominate the conventional discount-rate effect, while extrapolative beliefs or greater risk-taking amplify the rational revaluation into the measured speculative component.”
“Can” seems to be doing most of the work here. We might substitute “could, one supposes” for “can” and get closer to reality. I’d be much happier with a forthright admission that the evidence shows two bubbly states – high and low inflation – but not causation in the low-inflation state.
Figure 2 from the paper is the “Gao–Martin Speculative Valuation Component” which shows just two episodes of speculative bubbles in the period studied, both equity bubbles. The mortgage bubble doesn’t count? Just because you don’t have an easy series that gets at mortgages? 
The paper creates a bunch of data points by using individual Fed announcements as events – a common practice, I realize – but that restricts the number of bubbles to those after the Fed got chatty. That’s just two bubbles, one inflationary and one not. Ignoring the mortgage bubble, going through some extraordinary grooming of equity data and turning Fed text into “shocks” while ignoring mortgages just seems too much an exercise in generating results. 
The authors don’t consider that some third factor may be at work in generating bubbles. There appears to be a step up in the Shiller P/E, or perhaps an upward trend, starting around 1995-2000. That suggests a structural change. Labor’s share of national income has been heading lower since around 2000, a clear structural change. I recall posting a link to a paper which argued that the most important factor in equity returns is changes to labor compensation. Sorry I can’t find it now. Anyhow, only two bubbles, one early in this structural change, one late, seems like a problem.
I don’t object to using data to confirm common-sense notions. Sure, an inflation-fed bubble is probably different from other bubbles. Sure, the Fed probably has more control over an inflation-fed bubble than other kinds. All the chit-chat aimed at suggesting the Fed can feed a non-inflationary bubble by tightening seems to stretch beyond what the authors can justify. 
Here’s a bit more common sense: In a low-inflation environment, Fed tightening will be more limited than in a higher-inflation environment, so there’smore deflating of bubbles when the Fed fights actual inflation. Is there hard evidence for other effects than that one in the paper’s results? Seems like naming possible other effects is as close as the authors come.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name 
Email 
 


"
62,2026-08-24,"Yves hete. One wonders why the US has produced more multinationals than Europe. Arguably, Europeans more or less had to start over after World War II, but that argument cuts both ways. When I was in business school in the early 1980s, one of the reasons given for German and Japanese automakers eating the lunch of the Big Three was that they had newer infrastructure and manufacturing plants. This analysis makes a case that is intuitively appealing. First is that the EU is less a European single market than is believe, that there are frictions in trying to deal across the EU that are not present to the same degree in the US, which is a national market. Second, the US has a real advantage in its lower cost of capital.
By Bo Becker, Cevian Capital Professor of Finance in the Department of Finance Stockholm School Of Economics; Efraim Benmelech, Henry Bullock Professor of Finance & Real Estate and Director, Crown Family Israel Center for Innovation and the Guthrie Center for Real Estate Research Northwestern University:, and Joao Monteiro, Assistant Professor Einaudi Institute For Economics And Finance. Originally published at VoxEU
In 2008, the US stock market was worth $3 trillion more than the combined European stock market; in 2023, the gap was $34 trillion. This column argues that the valuation gap is not driven by differences in GDP, number of listed firms, sectoral composition, or the presence of a few superstar firms, but by European firms’ inability to scale. European firms remain tethered to their home market. Small European firms face a much larger cost of capital and cannot substitute debt with access to equity financing, including venture capital. Therefore, even if they have profitable growth opportunities, European firms cannot grow as their US counterparts.
Europe’s lacklustre economic performance has become a centrepiece of European economic policy. The Draghi Report (2024) report on European competitiveness warned of a “slow agony” of decline and placed the financing of young, fast-growing firms at the centre of the diagnosis (Draghi 2024). Adilbish et al. (2025) link Europe’s productivity weakness to a shortage of dynamic young firms and a surplus of mature, small, underperforming ones.  Cerdeiro and Rotunno (2026) show that a fragmented single market – with internal barriers estimated at two to three times those between US states – holds back firms that might otherwise expand, and Lerner (2026) documents that European venture capital investment is only a fraction of the American level. Garnier (2026) argues that Europe’s problem is less a ‘flight’ of savings abroad than a failure to channel them into equity. Rogoff (2025) documents the evolution of total stock market capitalisation in Europe and in the US and Reichardt and Reis (2026) show that the productivity gap between Europe and the US is explained by the higher efficiency of the US financial market.
A $34 trillion Divergence
In a new paper (Becker et al. 2026), we document and explain the causes behind this divergence using aggregate stock market data together with firm-level balance sheet data between 2008 and 2023. As we show in Figure 1, in 2008, the total value of US-listed firms exceeded that of European firms by about a third – roughly $3 trillion. By 2023 the gap had grown to $34 trillion, an amount larger than annual US GDP. Over this period the US stock market quadrupled in value, while Europe’s rose by just 70%.
Figure 1 US-Europe valuation gap
This is not simply a story about the US economy being bigger. Scaled by GDP, the divergence is if anything sharper. US stock market capitalisation rose from 78% of GDP in 2008 to 177% in 2023; Europe’s inched up from 43% to 63%. Whether measured in dollars or relative to the size of the economy, European equity markets have been left far behind.
It Is Not What You Might Think
The instinctive explanations for these numbers turn out to be wrong. The gap is not the work of a handful of US superstar firms – excluding the largest 1% of firms in each region leaves the picture essentially unchanged. It does not reflect European champions decamping to list in New York – reassigning firms to the location of their headquarters barely moves the gap. It is also not driven by the fact that there are more firms in the US – the valuation gap is driven by differences in the value of the average firm in both regions. Nor is it a matter of sectoral composition – the average US firm is worth more than its European counterpart even within narrowly defined (four-digit) industries, and controlling for firm characteristics such as size and assets widens rather than narrows the gap. Differences in aggregate fundamentals – GDP, interest rates, exchange rates and risk premia – account for only a small slice of it.
What remains is a valuation gap: the average US firm is simply worth much more than a European one, and the difference has grown. It is largest among younger firms – between 2008 and 2023 it widened by 82% for the youngest firms but only 20% for the oldest – and in technology-intensive, research-heavy industries. In other words, the gap is concentrated precisely where a firm’s value rests not on today’s cash flows but on the option to grow.
The Real Constraint: Scaling
That pattern points to a broad underlying cause related to the scaling up of high potential firms. The valuation gap is largest in the industries where becoming large is most valuable, because scale economies are large. When we rank industries by their returns to scale – how strongly profitability rises with firm size – the US–Europe valuation gap is materially wider in high-scale industries than in low-scale ones. The problem we identify is that European firms are rarely able to turn growth opportunities into reality at the largest scale. We tentatively identify two important frictions, one in product markets and one in finance.
Trapped at Home
The first friction we find evidence for is fragmentation of European markets. This is suggested by a strong connection between firm size and home country market size: a 1% rise in local GDP is associated with a 0.8% rise in a firm’s sales, in tradable sectors and even more in non-tradables. U.S. firms show no such connection to the size of their local economies (the economy of the states where they are headquartered). European firms are, to some extent, national firms, their growth bounded by the size of the home market. This echoes Draghi’s (2024) warnings, and the estimates in Cerdeiro and Rotunno (2026), that internal barriers act like steep tariffs on commerce within Europe.
Starved of Capital
The second friction is related to financing. A common view holds that this financial markets are good enough: if Europe is more bank- and debt-based and the US more equity-based, weaker supply of equity to new firms could be offset by cheap, abundant debt. This substitution argument appears to be false. European firms carry lower leverage than US firms – and the gap has widened since 2008 – so they are not substituting debt for equity.
And above all, Europe is short of the patient, risk-tolerant capital that developing successful new firms requires. In 2023, US venture capital investment reached 0.5% of GDP; even Europe’s most active market, Denmark, managed only 0.15%. The shortfall is starkest at the late stage, when a promising firm needs capital to grow large: the US–Europe venture capital gap widened by $60 billion between 2008 and 2023, driven mostly by late-stage financing. The root is structural. US retirement assets are worth around 153% of GDP and hold substantial equity; most European countries rely on pay-as-you-go pensions, leaving a far smaller pool of long-duration capital of the kind best suited to funding high-growth firms – much as Garnier (2026) and Lerner (2026) describe.
Figure 2 Cost of capital across the size distribution
These frictions bite hardest on the small firms that most depend on outside capital. In Figure 2, we plot the average implied cost of capital for US and European firms across the size distribution. The size premium – the extra cost of capital that small firms pay relative to large ones – is far larger in Europe. The largest European firms face costs of capital similar to their US peers, but the smallest face implied discount rates above 60%, against about 40% for comparable US firms. And the penalty has grown: the European size premium roughly doubled between 2008 and 2020, pulling further away from the US.
What the Valuation Gap Really Captures
Taken together, European firms are hemmed in on two sides. They cannot easily grow beyond local markets, and they cannot easily fund the growth they might otherwise achieve. Both constraints fall hardest on where the option to scale is important – and this is exactly there that the valuation gap is widest.
The two frictions may compound one another. A firm that cannot sell beyond its home market has little reason to raise the capital to scale, and investors have little reason to fund growth that fragmentation will cap. Product market integration for services therefore needs to be combined with financial reforms. This could help European firms take advantage of the business opportunities in the modern era, which are overwhelmingly technology related. These technology-related opportunities are characterised by high initial fixed costs and low marginal costs. They require large scale, and often need to reach that scale quickly for competitive reasons. Even with market integration, the development of such firms necessitates sophisticated pools of risk-bearing venture capital for early stages, and very deep equity markets for later stages. Europe may need financial markets integrated enough that a firm headquartered in Lisbon or Milan can scale across Europe as easily as a Texas firm scales across the US, and a pool of long-term capital – built through funded pensions and a real savings and investment union – deep enough to carry firms through the late-stage financing where Europe falls furthest behind. The $34 trillion gap is not only a measure of firms that are less productive today, but of firms that cannot capitalize on the economic opportunities offered by modern technologies.
See original post for references
Thank you, Yves.
A bit of a giveaway there (to this bankster and former bankster lobbyist, final paragraph): “Investment Union” instead of the more bankster friendly phrase “capital markets union”.
We all want more investment, right? It’s investment, not that capital (i.e. bankster friendly) stuff. Oh, yes, of course.
This is the latest effort to overcome regulatory and cultural impediments to having a US finance capitalism model in the EU.
Even the City of London, not in the EU, is lobbying Brussels and member state capitals for a piece of the action, even getting plagiarist and fake Rachel Reeves to travel to Brussels and seek special access for the City, an exemption not sought for other British industrial sectors.
Europe has got bigger and better things to worry about that than the issues raised by academics funded by big business families.
Please excuse my cynicism. It’s Monday breakfast time in Blighty and shaping up to be one of those days, weeks even.
I buy your cynicism, Colonel. Indeed a kind of it which is very much needed. More profound questions have to be asked about the broken foundations of the modern socioeconomic order, if you ask me. This article sounds to me as tired Neoliberal babble. My comment below goes in that direction.
Agreed. I’d want to look just outside the economic window, to where social constraints on cutthroat behavior keep Eurobusinesses from more scorched earth behavior. It’s not as easy to pile up the tailings in people’s backyards and let the state take care of (or not take care of) the cancers as they decimate commuities in Stuttgart as it is in (relatively) distant Louisiana, where you have little more than contempt for the population, anyway. . . Seeing voters and the wider polity as intrinsic enemies, as the Republicans and (often) Democrats do makes it much easier to pass enabling legislation when the time comes.
Not that these behaviors cannot be learned or ratcheted up by Brussels, but more of them remain and are part of the wider landscape in Europe (GB excepted).
Colonel Smithers, Ignacio (above comment and below comment), and Matthew: Grazie mille.
Whenever I see academics and finance wonks blathering about growth in Europe, I am highly skeptical.
In fact, these two sentences tipped me off: “The Draghi Report (2024) report on European competitiveness warned of a “slow agony” of decline and placed the financing of young, fast-growing firms at the centre of the diagnosis (Draghi 2024). Adilbish et al. (2025) link Europe’s productivity weakness to a shortage of dynamic young firms and a surplus of mature, small, underperforming ones. ‘
Draghi Report, also known in Italy for its foolishness, Von der Leyen presumptuousness, and promises of more austerity in an economy (Italy) that suffers mainly from EU policies of wage suppression and de-unionization.
The fact is that Italy is the land of small and middle-sized companies. There are some multinationals, like the big banks, but very few Italians, except for Bocconi-school fantasists, think that Italy needs more financial speculation and corporate behemoths. If you want a good snort of that stuff, read Il Sole / 24 Ore.
Meanwhile, the Italian model tends to be companies that “stick to the knitting” — especially in apparel and such — like Armani, Prada, Igi & Co. (not international). There are a number of Italian restaurant chains with thirty or so (if that) restaurants: I can think of Flower Burger, Fra Diavolo Pizza, Pizzium, Chik’ramen and its ten restaurants. These don’t “scale up” because they can’t find the proper ingredients in, say, the U.K. Note the famous anecdotal story of the failure of Dunkin’ Donuts in Italy (Italian bakeries make better bamboloni). Even McDos suffers from the excellent competition of the many little and often eccentric Italian hamburger joints, let alone the highly local to Torino “slowfastfooderia” with its five restaurants. Torino even has its own Coca-Cola alternative, called MoleCola, which is the choice of many restaurants.
Italy has a startup culture. Bureaucracy can help and it can hurt. There are subsidies for young people in some areas and disciplines, and there are other aspects of running a business that involve a lot of paperwork.
What Europe doesn’t need is the dead weight of lumbering U.S.-style corporations with boards dominated by dunderheads and dunderheadesses, who want the sinecure to get stock option, corporations now dominated by stock buybacks and tax avoidance. (I saw how that worked out at Nokia, too.) 
We can see how well all that “innovation” and “competitiveness” is working out for the average Usonian.
Thank you, DJG.
I agree, which is why I love Italy.
Most readers may not be aware of this, but DJG and Maxwell Johnston are likely to be. When Italy had good relations with the USSR / Russia, industrial goods and technical expertise were exported leading to the initial and resurgent industrialisation of the USSR / Russia. Wanna know where, for example, Russian high speed trains come from? (Albeit from an Italian adaptation of a 1970s British (Rail) design).
Super Mario was at Goldman Sachs. VDL* is an anglophile and americanophile of no fixed ability. Nuff said.
*I was around where her English ancestors come from last Saturday.
I find this obsession with making of firms laaarge and multinational instruments of domination, more so following a US model of being responsible only to the top brass and less so to stakeholders, without any kind of social responsibility except may be in the town where headquarters reside… I find it insane, following an old fashioned 20th century model that should be dramatically changed, please, and typically within a Neoliberal framework that needs to be killed.
Please, for the sake of the planet and the well being of the multitude, the world needs fewer american, European, Chinese or whatever multinationals and much more of local, people controlled workplaces that puts people at its center rather than pitting them against one another for profit.
Thank you, Ignacio, Matthew and DJG.
I’m delighted to read that I’m not the only cynic in Yves’ amazing community.
I’ve read and written this sort of rubbish for more decades than I care to remember and am heading out of the City to my tropical farm over the next couple of years.
Readers may be interested in this spiel about bubbles: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTiYaWFP59Q.
I found it very interesting. So much that I am redirecting it to some of the people I care about. From time to time we argue exactly about what to do with savings if there is a possible bubble burst in some unknown future moment. I won’t take his advice about shirts haha!
Even this “dull normal” noticed several “Red Flags” in the article.
One being the framing of the “divergence” in terms of “Europe’s problem is less a ‘flight’ of savings abroad than a failure to channel them into equity.” This assumes that the financing of “equity” is always the optimal use case for “savings.” Many holders of State Bonds would like to differ.
Another is that “the productivity gap between Europe and the US is explained by the higher efficiency of the US financial market.” What sort of “productivity” is meant here? Productivity in actual physical items from which trade and the beneficial results thereof flow, or mere financial flows divorced from physical products? One I can argue produces a tail of social benefits of various natures while another produces sterile paper profits sequestered by financial elites to the ultimate detriment of the society at large.
A third item is, “over this period, [2008-2023,] the US stock market quadrupled in value, while Europe’s rose by just 70%.” Again, I contend that this metric misses the misallocation of resources presented in these figures. America has learned that a strong stock market is not a sure signifier of a strong general economy.
Yet again, “US stock market capitalisation rose from 78% of GDP in 2008 to 177% in 2023; Europe’s inched up from 43% to 63%.” As asserted earlier not a signifier of general economic health. Indeed, the opposite can be argued. Fully financialized flows are removed from purely physically productive uses. The Stock Market is eating the seed corn. Future harvests of essential items are thus at higher risk than normal.
As if more were not needed, “What remains is a valuation gap: the average US firm is simply worth much more than a European one…” I would ask, valued in what terms? Purely private profit, or public goods? Here the social component of “business” is ignored outright. Such is classic Neo-liberalism.
Another factor elided here is the factor of Nationality. The article states that, “U.S. firms show no such connection to the size of their local economies (the economy of the states where they are headquartered).” This shows a basic misconception of the relative natures of European Nation States and American States. American States did not begin as distinct nations, with individual languages, social contracts, economic systems, etc. etc. They were basically parts of a whole since at least the implementation of the Constitution of 1789. At that time the individual States gave up substantial sovereignty to combine with their neighbours into an ever-growing colossus, the United States. The name says it all. Thus, the statement that U.S. firms cannot be compared by individual State figures is true by definition. The States are completely subsumed by the United States. National level figures are the only true measure for the purposes of this analysis, not State level figures.
Another misconception I see is the following; “European firms carry lower leverage than US firms – and the gap has widened since 2008 – so they are not substituting debt for equity.” Now, where is the harm here? I can see the lower leveraging of European firms as a positive. During “hard times,” I would imagine that firms with lower levels of debt to productive potential as having a stronger base upon which to stabilize and survive. A smaller debt service is positive, is it not? [I do encourage push back if I am misunderstanding something here.]
Finally, the article says nothing about the effects of National Government investments in ‘strategic’ industries. Readers of the NC blog are already aware of the dismal effects of the privatization of various formerly Public functions such as Defense and Education, to name but a few. Since the goals of private finance and public finance are not fully congruent, the question is, who makes what decisions? This is a political decision, not a financial one.
Stay safe, remain liquid, keep the potassium iodide tablets handy.
Thank you and well said, Ambrit.
You’re spot on to highlight leverage. 
Some years ago, I chatted to a former bankster about British farmers setting up their own bank. She commented that they need to leverage big time. It’s always leverage with these types.
My parents and I are in discussions to convert some of our farm from arable to PV. We aren’t planning to take on much, if any, financial risk.
With regard to your last sentence, what about guns and ammo?! In any case, my parents and I are jumping ship.
I hope P and you are well.
Racing has been fab over the summer. I need to return for that when out.
” I need to return for that when out.”
If you and yours can manage a self-contained stud farm, you should return as Bloodstock. I can imagine many financially beneficial “dodges” available to “small racing entrepreneurs.” Expenses for one.
I know not about the social implications of “guns and ammo” in Europe and the Indian Ocean environs. Here, “guns and ammo” holds a nearly semi-divine status, all going back to the myth of the “rugged frontiersmen” that “built’ America. I will note that American society is “firearms friendly” due to the violent and predatory nature of the westward expansion of the European settlers in North America. Perhaps the racial subconscious of the American Settlers holds memories of the violence utilized in the acquisition of the land and rightly fears an equally violent backlash when the pendulum swings back towards the mean.
As for PV, do your due diligence carefully. The field is evolving quickly. If you can find a regular customer for the power generated, establish political ties and become small scale oligarchs. Also keep ties to the various political factions in your “Island Paradise.” But then I blush at presuming to give advice to a City Man such as yourself. If you haven’t thought of it with all of your international experience, I certainly won’t with my more parochial horizons.
No matter what, do your utmost to convince the local power brokers not to allow the US or their Minions to establish bases on the island. Remember Tito and the Non-Aligned Movement?
Again, best wishes from Phyl and myself.
Thank you.
We plan to sell the output to the electricity board.
The government is encouraging small planters to diversify and helps with such projects.
Thank for your excellent rant above dismantling the BS from the opening article.
A much more interesting development was at the France Insoumise annual conference over the week-end.
It’s that time of year in France. Parties hold their “summer universities”. They are also serving as launch pads for next spring’s presidential elections. This community’s French contingent (Aurelien, Bugs, Marcel et al) are better placed to comment.
What I want to highlight, though, are former Lazard bankster, Matthieu Pigasse’s participation at left of centre meetings and his views that resources, not money, are the constraints on the economy and France does not have a debt problem, especially as the ECB holds 20% of France’s debt.
I have not seen this debate aired in France before, so this is most welcome.
The legal constraints on the ECB have been mentioned in response to Pigasse’s comments. That’s correct, but these are man made laws, not nature’s. Of course, the hard money types in northern Europe and their camp followers in the south will get excited. That’s fine and to be expected. France is more systemically important to Eurolalaland than Greece, so can exploit the EU’s and its own weakness.
After Pigasse’s appearance, lepeniste Jordan Bardella blasted Pigasse’s comments and understanding, or lack thereof. Pigasse challenged Bardella to a debate. It will be interesting if the debate takes place and worth watching if so. (Hopefully, Bardella will bring his princess to the studio. I missed the Italian belle at the races in Chantilly.)
Here we are: https://x.com/mpigasse/status/2091227485266391070?s=43.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
 





	SUBSCRIPTIONS
"
63,2026-08-24,"The chipmaker also weighed a technology licensing arrangement alongside the equity cheque, according to The Information.
NVIDIA logo in front of the building
Nvidia has been discussing an investment in Perplexity that would value the AI search company at more than $30bn, according to The Information, which reported that the two sides also considered a technology licensing arrangement alongside the equity cheque.
The talks are the latest turn in a relationship that already runs deeper than the usual investor-and-customer arrangement, since Perplexity was among the first named takers for Nvidia’s Vera CPU.
At more than $30bn, the valuation would represent a jump of over 50% on the roughly $20bn Perplexity carried after its last reported round, and it would land the company among the most richly priced private AI businesses in the world. The round itself is described as worth billions of dollars, though neither the size of Nvidia’s proposed stake nor the identity of the other participants has been reported.
Neither company has commented publicly, and it is not clear whether the licensing component is still live or was set aside during the negotiations.
What makes the discussions unremarkable, in one sense, is how routine this kind of cheque has become for Nvidia. Its equity commitments passed $40bn in 2026 alone, spread across model developers, neoclouds, and infrastructure companies that, almost without exception, buy Nvidia silicon with the money.
That circularity has started to attract a different sort of attention. When the company announced roughly $750bn of AI-related commitments, its own credit default swaps widened to record levels, a signal from the debt market that the arrangement looks less like diversification than like a supplier financing its own order book.
Perplexity is an unusually visible example of the type. Founded in 2022 and led by Aravind Srinivas, it built a conversational search product that answers queries directly rather than returning a page of blue links and has spent the past two years trying to make it durable enough to justify its price.
In August 2025, the company made an unsolicited $34.5bn offer for Google’s Chrome browser, a bid roughly double its own valuation at the time, which Google never entertained. It has since pushed its own AI browser, Comet, as the vehicle for what Srinivas calls agentic browsing.
The competitive picture has not softened while all this was going on. Google has folded conversational answers into its own results page, OpenAI has pushed ChatGPT further into search and shipped a browser of its own, and both arrive with distribution that Perplexity has to buy or build.
Perplexity has not disclosed audited figures, and the widely circulated estimates of its annualised run rate come from investor briefings and secondary reporting rather than the company itself, which makes any multiple attached to a $30bn valuation an exercise in faith.
Nvidia is already on the cap table, having taken part in earlier rounds that also drew in Jeff Bezos. A licensing deal, had it been agreed, would have been a rarer move, giving Perplexity access to Nvidia technology on terms that sit outside the ordinary customer relationship, and giving Nvidia a stake in how AI search actually gets built rather than merely in the hardware underneath it.
For now, the round is unconfirmed, which is worth holding onto. Reports of AI valuations have a habit of arriving well before term sheets are signed, and Perplexity itself has been the subject of several such reports over the past 18 months, at $14bn, at $18bn, and at $20bn, each of which arrived with people familiar with the matter attached and each of which took months to settle into a number anyone would put their name to.
Nvidia reports its next quarterly results in November. Whether a Perplexity stake shows up in the investment line by then will say more about the pace of this cycle than the valuation itself does.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
64,2026-08-24,Markets are kicking off an action-packed week featuring Nvidia earnings and the Federal Reserve's Jackson Hole Symposium.
65,2026-08-24,"News Focus
SPONSORED
© Adobe Stock Images
Cleveland-Cliffs 					(NYSE:CLF) shares gained 2.0% in pre-market trading to $11.50, extending their advance from Friday after the steelmaker announced a $1 billion modernisation programme for its Middletown Works facility in Ohio.
The four-year investment will be funded equally by Cleveland-Cliffs and a $500 million award from the U.S. Department of Energy. The programme is designed to upgrade the site’s blast furnace and material-handling infrastructure while introducing AI-enabled process controls aimed at improving operational efficiency.
Plans also include a cogeneration facility capable of capturing blast furnace gas and using it to produce electricity and steam. The system could reduce Middletown Works’ reliance on external power supplies while helping lower operating costs.
Middletown Works is a key Cleveland-Cliffs facility for automotive-grade steel, including products used in exposed components of cars, trucks and SUVs.
The investment also attracted significant political attention, with Vice President J.D. Vance and U.S. Energy Secretary Chris Wright visiting the Ohio facility to highlight the Trump Administration’s support for domestic steel production, manufacturing and American steelworkers.
Cleveland-Cliffs CEO Lourenco Goncalves said the project would go “above and beyond a standard blast furnace reline, to include the most advanced technology available,” reflecting the company’s objective of strengthening its position in higher-value steel markets.
The programme is expected to support the modernisation of U.S. steelmaking infrastructure, protect approximately 2,300 American jobs and reinforce the domestic steel supply chain.
Despite the positive response to the Middletown investment, analyst sentiment towards NYSE:CLF remains mixed.
The current Wall Street consensus rating stands at “Hold,” with an average price target of $12.28, indicating relatively limited expected upside from current levels.
Broader U.S. equity markets provided little assistance to Monday’s move. The S&P 500 traded marginally lower, while the Dow Jones was broadly unchanged, suggesting that Cleveland-Cliffs’ pre-market advance was primarily driven by company-specific developments.
The Middletown announcement follows an improving operational backdrop for Cleveland-Cliffs.
The steelmaker exceeded earnings expectations in the second quarter of 2026 and returned to positive free cash flow, helped by robust demand from automotive customers.
Management has also indicated that performance could strengthen further during the second half of the year, supported by contract resets and ongoing cost reductions.
The combination of a major government-backed investment, operational improvements and plans to introduce more advanced manufacturing technology has provided investors with additional visibility over Cleveland-Cliffs’ longer-term strategy.
While analysts remain relatively cautious on the shares, the $1 billion Middletown programme has given NYSE:CLF a fresh company-specific catalyst and helped sustain its recent upward momentum.
Cleveland-Cliffs stock price
Join the discussion: Connect with other investors on your favorite stocks or explore the top-talked-about stocks on our Breakout Boards.This article was written by the editorial team at InvestorsHub/ADVFN and is provided for informational purposes only. In some cases, editorial staff may use artificial intelligence–based tools to assist in the research, drafting, or editing of content, under human review and oversight. This article does not constitute investment advice, a recommendation, or an offer to buy or sell any securities. The views expressed are based on publicly available information believed to be reliable at the time of publication, but accuracy or completeness is not guaranteed. Readers should conduct their own independent research and consult a qualified financial professional before making any investment decisions.


Cleveland-Cliffs Shares Rise After $1 Billion Middletown Modernisation Plan




                                                Cleveland-Cliffs (NYSE:CLF) shares gained 2.0% in pre-market trading to...
                                            

It looks like you are not logged in. Click the button below to log in and keep track of your recent history.
Chip Selloff Sinks the Nasdaq as the Dow Grinds to a Fresh Record
Wall Street split down the middle on Monday, with a sharp drop in semiconductor stocks dragging the technology-heavy Nasdaq lower even as the Dow Jones Industrial Average pushed to a new closing high. The pullback in chips overshadowed a friendlier move in Treasury yields and a steady rotation into defensive corners of the market, leaving […]
U.S. Stocks Set for Cautious Open Ahead of Nvidia Earnings and Jackson Hole: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street Futures
U.S. stock futures pointed to a broadly flat start on Monday, suggesting Wall Street could struggle for direction as investors look ahead to Nvidia’s (NASDAQ:NVDA) quarterly results and the Jackson Hole economic symposium later this week. The muted outlook follows Friday’s rebound, when the major indices recovered some ground after Thursday’s sharp sell-off. Despite those […]
UPS Commits More Than $2 Billion to Expand Global Logistics Network
UPS (NYSE:UPS) is investing more than $2 billion across its International, Healthcare and Supply Chain Solutions operations as the logistics group expands infrastructure and services across Europe, Asia-Pacific and the Americas. The investment programme began in 2024 and is expected to run through 2028, with UPS directing capital towards new logistics hubs, healthcare capabilities, freight […]
Exxon Expands Automated Drilling in Permian to Boost Oil Production
ExxonMobil (NYSE:XOM) is stepping up its use of automated drilling technology in the Permian Basin as the U.S. energy major seeks to improve safety, accelerate well development and support a substantial increase in oil production. At automated rigs in West Texas, robotic equipment is increasingly taking over tasks traditionally performed by workers on the drilling […]
Eli Lilly Launches Foundayo Weight-Loss Pill in UK
Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY) has launched its oral weight-management and type 2 diabetes treatment Foundayo in the UK, making Britain the first European market where the drug is commercially available, the company said on Monday. Foundayo, chemically known as orforglipron, will initially be available through private prescriptions after receiving authorisation from the UK’s medicines regulator on […]
Nvidia Reportedly Weighs Perplexity Investment at More Than $30 Billion Valuation
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) is reportedly holding talks about investing in artificial intelligence startup Perplexity through a new financing round that could value the company at more than $30 billion, according to The Information. The discussions centre on a funding round potentially worth several billion dollars, with Nvidia among the prospective investors, the report said, citing people […]
AI Trade in Focus as Nvidia Earnings and Iran Sanctions Keep Markets on Edge: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street Futures
U.S. stock futures moved lower on Monday as investors prepared for Nvidia’s (NASDAQ:NVDA) quarterly results later in the week, with uncertainty surrounding the artificial intelligence trade combining with geopolitical tensions between Washington and Tehran to weigh on sentiment. Markets are also looking towards Federal Reserve Chair Kevin Warsh’s appearance at Jackson Hole, where investors will […]
Dow Jumps More Than 550 Points As Strong Data Steadies Wall Street
Stocks closed higher on Friday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average leading the way, as upbeat economic data and calmer bond markets gave investors a reason to buy after a turbulent week. A report showing U.S. business activity growing at its fastest pace in more than four years helped lift sentiment, even though the major […]
Nvidia in advanced talks to invest hundreds of millions in Cloverleaf Infrastructure – WSJ
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) is reportedly in advanced negotiations to invest several hundred million dollars in Cloverleaf Infrastructure, a power development company specialising in securing electricity capacity for data-centre projects, according to The Wall Street Journal. An agreement could be announced as soon as Friday. Although Cloverleaf is privately held, a transaction would carry strategic significance for […]
Wall Street futures point to rebound after Thursday’s sharp selloff: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq
US stock futures moved higher on Friday, signalling a potential rebound at the opening bell after Wall Street suffered steep losses in the previous session amid rising oil prices and renewed pressure from bond yields. Investors appeared willing to return to stocks following Thursday’s decline, although continued strength in crude oil and uncertainty surrounding the […]
US regulatory momentum seen as key driver behind Bitcoin breakout
Bitcoin’s (COIN:BTCUSD) move out of its recent trading range appears to have been driven primarily by improving US regulatory sentiment rather than broader concerns about currency debasement, according to Citi analysts. The bank pointed to the delayed reaction in Bitcoin following the US Treasury’s bond buyback announcement, as well as ether outperforming Bitcoin during the […]
Strategy shares surge as Bitcoin breaks above $70,000
Strategy (NASDAQ:MSTR) shares jumped 10.9% in pre-market trading on Friday after Bitcoin surged above $70,000 overnight, reaching its highest level since early June 2026 and triggering strong gains across cryptocurrency-linked equities. Strategy remains one of the stock market’s most closely watched proxies for Bitcoin because of its substantial exposure to the cryptocurrency, leaving its shares […]
Coinbase shares surge as crypto optimism and regulatory momentum build
Coinbase (NASDAQ:COIN) shares jumped 7.1% in pre-market trading on Friday as investors responded to a combination of bullish comments from CEO Brian Armstrong, growing expectations of US crypto legislation and a powerful short squeeze across digital asset markets. The advance followed Armstrong’s appearance on CNBC and continued positive sentiment stemming from the recent White House […]
Robinhood shares climb as crypto regulation hopes boost investor sentiment
Robinhood (NASDAQ:HOOD) shares rose nearly 4.9% in pre-market trading on Friday as renewed optimism over US cryptocurrency regulation fuelled buying across digital asset-related stocks. The latest catalyst came after President Donald Trump publicly urged Congress to approve the Clarity Act, proposed legislation designed to establish a clearer regulatory framework for digital assets, including the classification […]
Crypto stocks extend rally as Bitcoin jumps on US regulatory momentum
Cryptocurrency-linked shares continued their advance on Friday as Bitcoin (COIN:BTCUSD) climbed to its highest levels since late May, supported by renewed optimism over US digital asset regulation and improving appetite for risk. The latest gains followed President Donald Trump’s call for lawmakers to establish clearer rules for the cryptocurrency industry, adding regulatory momentum to a […]
US futures edge higher ahead of PMI data as Iran sanctions and oil remain in focus: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street
US stock futures moved modestly higher on Friday as investors awaited fresh business activity data while continuing to assess renewed pressure in bond markets, corporate earnings and Washington’s plans to impose sweeping sanctions on Iran. Discount retailer Ross Stores (NASDAQ:ROST) was also in focus after raising its full-year earnings guidance following stronger-than-expected second-quarter results. US […]
Rising Yields and Surging Oil Send Stocks Lower as Walmart Slides 9%
US stocks retreated on Thursday as a rebound in bond yields and a fresh climb in oil prices rattled investors and pulled all three major indexes lower. The selling picked up after the US Treasury’s surprise market intervention earlier in the week proved short-lived, allowing long-term yields to push back toward multi-decade highs. Adding to […]
Micron unveils $10 billion U.S. research lab focused on memory and AI
Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU) has announced the creation of Micron Research Labs, a new U.S.-based research institution backed by a planned $10 billion investment over the next decade. Headquartered in Boise, Idaho, the initiative will concentrate on next-generation memory technologies, advanced memory and computing architectures, semiconductor packaging and manufacturing. Micron describes the project as the first […]
Wall Street set for lower open as surging oil prices revive inflation concerns: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Futures
U.S. stocks were poised to open lower on Thursday, threatening to reverse part of the previous session’s modest rebound as a sharp rise in crude oil prices renewed concerns about the economic consequences of the continuing conflict in the Middle East. U.S. crude futures surged more than 3% to their highest level in almost a […]
Bernstein upgrades Analog Devices after Q3 beat strengthens growth outlook
Bernstein upgraded Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI) to Outperform from Market Perform and raised its price target to $465 from $430 after the semiconductor group delivered stronger-than-expected fiscal third-quarter results and issued an upbeat outlook for the fourth quarter. Analog Devices reported quarterly revenue of $4.022 billion, ahead of Wall Street expectations of $3.922 billion, while earnings […]
© Copyright 2026
Subscribe to Ad free and enjoy an ad-free experience

                    Try Now
                
Keep the Ads"
66,2026-08-24,The chip designer will report earnings after the bell on Wednesday.
67,2026-08-24,"Since getting laid off from a big bank in March, Lamar Rogers has used AI to help him apply to nearly 200 jobs.
He turns to Claude to tailor his résumé, uses an AI-powered dashboard for every interview, and recently vibe-coded a résumé-review app. Yet Rogers draws the line at letting AI apply for jobs on his behalf.
For the senior roles in banking and tech that he's pursuing, using AI to handle the entire application would be ""disingenuous,"" Rogers, 34, said. ""I want to put a lot more thought and care into it.""
While employers use AI to screen applications, job seekers are using AI to whip up résumés and apply for jobs.
Yet as AI firms make it easier to identify a bot's helping hand — Anthropic recently said new Claude models would insert an ""imperceptible watermark"" into text that AI kicks out — the big question is how much AI is too much in the application process?
Business Insider spoke with headhunters and HR pros about best practices for using AI in your job hunt:
Job coaches said that candidates don't necessarily need to hide their use of AI. Employers are more focused on whether a candidate's claims hold up than on how polished their résumé looks.
""It's not really about whether AI helped write it,"" said Stephen Telford, a headhunter and career coach. ""It's about whether the claim actually holds up once I start digging.""
If a candidate claims they ""improved sales by 30%"" yet can't provide a detailed breakdown or point to evidence of how they achieved that result on their LinkedIn profile or elsewhere, Telford said he starts to lose trust.
Create a BI Job Scout and get opportunities matched to your goals.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
""That tells me it's just AI-generated confidence,"" said Telford, who previously recruited for AWS.
He said candidates can use a simple test: Before letting AI phrase an accomplishment, ask whether the claim would hold up if a recruiter looked into it. Could you clearly explain the mechanics behind it, the starting point, what you did, and the outcome?
""If AI helped you say something you can't independently prove, that's where I'd draw the line,"" Telford said. ""AI can help you tell your story better. It just can't be the source of the story.""
In a sea of AI-generated cover letters using the same buzzwords and perfect grammar, maintaining a personal brand can help candidates stand out and seem authentic.
Liz Andora, chief people officer at DHI, parent company of tech career marketplace Dice, said that AI can be useful for structuring a résumé or sharpening the language, though candidates should make sure their apps still reflect them accurately.
""You want to make sure you're representing and putting forward who you are and what you offer to the potential employer,"" said Andora, who also does career coaching.
That extends beyond your résumé and cover letter. At a time when it can be difficult to tell whether you're interacting with a person or a bot, recruiters want to see evidence of the person behind the application. That doesn't mean leaving grammatical errors to prove you're human. However, candidates should keep their LinkedIn profile up-to-date and give hiring managers a clear sense of what they've accomplished.
Ron Porter, a senior client partner at the recruiting firm Korn Ferry, said he sometimes comes across materials with phrasing that is technically correct, but doesn't sound like the person who wrote it. Candidates should ensure the language reflects how they actually communicate and is something they could have written themselves.
In a job market where getting past résumé-screening software can feel impossible, it may be tempting to try to game the system by doing something like hiding keywords in white text.
Andora said getting through ATS is a ""legitimate issue."" However, secretly stuffing applications with keywords that don't match your skills could backfire.
Telford said it can signal that a candidate is more focused on maximizing visibility than building credibility.
""If that keyword list doesn't match what's actually on their LinkedIn, their GitHub, or what they can speak to when I ask about it, it doesn't just hurt that one application. It makes me second-guess everything else they've told me, too,"" Telford said.
Job seekers' frustrations are understandable, said Xenia Wade, an AI adoption consultant. Employers ""don't want the résumés to sound too much like AI, but they're filtering it out with AI,"" Wade said.
One way to sidestep the issue is to get a referral from someone inside the company. DHI Group's Andora said it's best to find an insider to make sure your application gets seen.
Applicants are sending out more applications on average, making the competition for each opening steeper. In the third quarter of 2025, hiring software company Greenhouse found that the average job opening received nearly triple the amount of applications from 2017, when the unemployment rate was comparable.
That doesn't mean using an AI bot to mass-send applications is the most effective way to land an interview.
One risk is that, if it's obvious, it can signal that the job wasn't worth the candidate's time or effort, Telford said. And in a competitive market, generic applications are unlikely to get you very far.
Throughout his job search, Rogers has leaned on AI. Nevertheless, he said, it took months of experimenting to get his résumé, cover letter, and application process where he wanted them.
""AI cannot do everything for you,"" Rogers said. He still checks its work and makes the final calls.
""It's the structure of the car, but it's not necessarily the engine,"" Rogers said. ""You have to be able to drive it yourself.""
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
68,2026-08-24,"
			        August 24, 2026 6:30am by
			        Barry Ritholtz 
My back-to-work morning train WFH reads:
• Broadening the Base: more than 60% of stocks beat the S&P 500 in June and July: A natural outcome of rising market breadth has been the rise in dispersion, which measures how differently stocks are performing relative to each other. S&P 500 dispersion has reached historically high levels, and Exhibit 4 shows that S&P 500 Equal Weight Index dispersion has tracked closely with its cap-weighted peer. This is not surprising given the increased scrutiny faced by companies across the size spectrum, which is typical during an earnings season. Anu Ganti on the rally spreading out beyond the mega-cap hyperscalers. More than 60% of stocks beat the S&P 500 in June and July, equal-weight tech is ahead of its cap-weighted counterpart by 19% year to date, and roughly 85% of reporting companies have beaten estimates. (S&P Dow Jones Indices)
• King Carney Activates Kong Mode With Zero F*s: At two minutes to midnight on Friday, Mark Carney did what no Canadian prime minister has done in living memory — looked at the most powerful man in the world, checked his watch, and told his negotiators to come home. Not paused. Suspended. (I F*ing Love Australia) see also  Great, Scott…: Michael Green discloses that he sent Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent a proposal earlier this year — a Sovereign Debt Optimization Facility swapping deep-discount vintage long bonds for current-coupon par bonds. What Treasury announced last week was a cash buyback program, materially different in both mechanics and optics. (Michael Green)
• From Thomas Paine to Dell Webb: 250 Years of Retirement Angst: It’s the question that keeps millions of Americans up at night: Do I have enough saved for retirement? A long view of an anxiety that predates the 401(k). Almost half of American families have no retirement plan at all, per the Federal Reserve, and those leaning on Social Security face a 22% benefit cut if Congress lets the trust fund run dry in 2032. (Barron’s)
• We Went to Wall Street’s Exclusive Wilderness Camp. Everyone Was Spooked by AI. Between fishing outings and poker games, veteran finance pros shared fears about the artificial-intelligence trade. Money managers and economists made their annual pilgrimage to Grand Lake Stream, Maine, traded suits for cargo pants, and then spent the week asking the one question that actually matters now. (Wall Street Journal)
• Corner the Market, Get Cornered: The Class Action Against Compass: “Today, Compass is a living, breathing real estate leviathan.” Jonathan Miller on Castaneda/Gelfand v. Compass, just filed in federal court, alleging the post-Anywhere firm is an illegal monopoly and pointing to forced StreetEasy delistings. The complaint calls Compass a Leviathan; Miller expects more suits to follow, likely on the sales side next. (Housing Notes)
• Sports Bettingʼs Rise and the Line Between Entertainment and Problem Gambling: Bettors are overoptimistic: in our study, they expect to break even but actually lose 7.5 cents per dollar wagered, with losses on parlays especially underestimated. Overoptimism is largest among bettors who partake in a complex type of bet known as a parlay. Compared to other forms of betting, parlays are more likely to be driven by bias. (Initiative for Financial Decision-Making)
• How big is America’s “obesity penalty”? GLP-1s offer a rare insight into the social and economic effects of carrying extra weight. GLP-1s have created a rare natural experiment. Doctors promise better mobility and cleaner metabolic numbers, but the interesting data is in what happens to the social and economic returns to losing weight. (The Economist free)
• How Satellite Advances Are Changing the Game for Ukraine: Michael Schwirtz on the new tool in Ukrainian drone teams’ hands — near real-time information on Russian troop movements and locations. Ukrainian drone teams have a powerful new tool: near real-time information on troop movements and locations. (New York Times)
• More People Call in Sick on August 24 Than Any Other Day: The second ‘sickest’ day of the year falls after Super Bowl Sunday in February. (Bloomberg)
• The Improbable Longevity of “It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia” The irreverent comedy is the longest-running sitcom in history, yet has won no major awards. What gives? (New Yorker)
Video of the day: China’s BYD Is Taking Over the World’s Shipping Lanes — And Nobody Knows
Be sure to check out our Masters in Business this past weekend with Alex Morris of TSOH Investment Research. He is the author of “Buffett and Munger Unscripted: Three Decades of Investment and Business Insights from the Berkshire Hathaway Annual Shareholder Meetings.” The book was named one of Amazon’s “Best Books of 2025.” To write it, he reviewed every Berkshire annual meeting from 1994 through 2024 — 100s of hours of video covering more than 1,700 shareholder questions over 31 years — after Berkshire released the meeting archives.
 
How big is America’s “obesity penalty”?

Source: Economist
 
Sign up for our reads-only mailing list here.
 
This content, which contains security-related opinions and/or information, is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon in any manner as professional advice, or an endorsement of any practices, products or services. There can be no guarantees or assurances that the views expressed here will be applicable for any particular facts or circumstances, and should not be relied upon in any manner. You should consult your own advisers as to legal, business, tax, and other related matters concerning any investment.  The commentary in this “post” (including any related blog, podcasts, videos, and social media)  reflects the personal opinions, viewpoints, and analyses of the Ritholtz Wealth Management employees providing such comments, and should not be regarded the views of Ritholtz Wealth Management LLC. or its respective affiliates or as a description of advisory services provided by Ritholtz Wealth Management or performance returns of any Ritholtz Wealth Management Investments client.   References to any securities or digital assets, or performance data, are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute an investment recommendation or offer to provide investment advisory services. Charts and graphs provided within are for informational purposes solely and should not be relied upon when making any investment decision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The content speaks only as of the date indicated. Any projections, estimates, forecasts, targets, prospects, and/or opinions expressed in these materials are subject to change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by others.   The Compound Media, Inc., an affiliate of Ritholtz Wealth Management, receives payment from various entities for advertisements in affiliated podcasts, blogs and emails. Inclusion of such advertisements does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by the Content Creator or by Ritholtz Wealth Management or any of its employees. Investments in securities involve the risk of loss. For additional advertisement disclaimers see here: https://www.ritholtzwealth.com/advertising-disclaimers  Please see disclosures here: https://ritholtzwealth.com/blog-disclosures/
Previous Post
Next Post

Read More 
Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry daily.




How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy
Learn More...



    © 2026    The Big Picture  
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks.




Subscribe
"
69,2026-08-24,"The UK's modern food culture is seriously diverse and exciting. In our cities, you can have sushi for lunch, and dosa for dinner, with pakora or a bahn mi as a snack in between.
But we Brits still love our potatoes, overdone meat, and root vegetables — all of which come plastered with brown gravy so thick you could have it on toast. Which, unsurprisingly, some people do.
If you'd like to transport yourself to a damp, English Sunday afternoon, try one of these delicious dishes, as curated by a begrudgingly nostalgic Brit who's been writing about food for years.
A Cornish pasty is a large, half-moon pastry enclosing chunks of beef skirt, finely chopped potato, and turnip with lashings of black pepper and a slab or two of butter.
The pastry, which is somewhere between shortcrust, flaky, and hot-water crust, should have the rigidity to withstand being transported, as traditionally it was taken down the tin mines as a ""crib"" (Cornish for a mid-morning snack).
The pasty's edge is crimped on the side, never the top, and was traditionally thrown away because the miner's hands would have been covered in arsenic and other metals, which are a tad deadly if ingested. 
If you're in the UK, I'm afraid you'll have to go to Cornwall to eat a decent pasty. 
A Sunday roast is like a Thanksgiving or Christmas meal that occurs regularly.
It typically consists of roasted meat (often a whole chicken, a joint of beef, or pork with crackling) plus roast potatoes, root vegetables such as carrots and parsnips, and lashings of that aforementioned brown gravy. 
Around Christmastime, roasts are often paired with our version of pigs in blankets — meat wrapped in more meat. Specifically, they are mini sausages hugged by a rasher of streaky bacon. Outrageous, I know.
Yorkshire puddings are clouds of cooked batter that puff up in the oven and soak up gravy like the most delicious sponge you've ever used.
They pair well with a roast, and so does stuffing (usually sausage mixed with onions, sage, and breadcrumbs served either inside the meat or cooked separately) and green vegetables.
It's unclear why the dish is called toad-in-the-hole, but some suggest it's because the sausages peep out of the batter in the same way toads might hide just in the entrance of their burrows.
One thing is for sure, though: It's a crime to serve your toads without a rich onion gravy, made slowly on the stove by caramelizing onions and reducing beef stock to a thick, brown tangle.
Some have traced the origins of this popular British dish back to Jewish immigrants fleeing Portugal.
It consists of fresh white fish — often pollock, cod, or haddock — deep-fried in a crispy batter, and served alongside thick-cut chips (no, we do not call them fries).
Depending on where you are in the UK, you'll have it with curry sauce, just salt and vinegar, or brown gravy (which, once again, is appearing on my list). 
Cottage pie is what your granny makes you when you come 'round for dinner. The pie has a deep layer of ground beef cooked with carrots and onions that's topped with mashed potatoes. It's baked until golden.
The best cottage-pie fillings have been slowly simmered for hours, possibly with some red wine thrown in for good measure. Adding cheese to the potato topping is optional, but highly recommended. 
The version made with ground lamb, rather than beef, is called shepherd's pie and is equally delicious. Both are typically served alongside fresh garden peas or runner beans.
Pie and mash consists of a smallish, round pie, usually with a meat-based filling (traditionally mutton) that's served with mashed potatoes and a green-flecked parsley sauce.
In the north of the country, you'll typically find pie and mash served with gravy.
Scotland has managed to put mac and cheese in pies in place of the traditional meat, because why wouldn't you want triple carbs for dinner?
Greggs is a bakery chain that's both a source of national pride and dependable baked goods.
Should you ever find yourself visiting the UK, you'll probably be close to one of its 2,000+ outlets — unless you're in Cornwall, where the chain is widely considered to be an invasive species, threatening the native pasty.
But if you're elsewhere, do visit a Greggs and purchase a sausage roll.
Marvel at the flaky pastry, which is somehow the same color as the meat inside. Deeply inhale the aroma of a winning fat-to-carbohydrate ratio, before consuming your sausage roll the traditional way: on a cold park bench with gammy pigeons pecking at your feet.
And vegans, rejoice — Greggs has an excellent plant-based sausage roll.
Usually eaten hot, baked beans here are typically canned haricot beans suspended in a vibrantly sweet orange-colored tomato sauce.
A UK cupboard staple, they're found in households up and down the country, served alongside full English breakfasts, and used as a vehicle for visual comedy by early noughties game shows.
I eat baked beans piled onto buttered toast and top them with grated cheddar, which melts and oozes into the sauce.
Traditional British food often centers on a waste-not-want-not attitude, and the old-fashioned bread-and-butter pudding is a prime example.
This pudding is a sweet dish made with stale bread slices, which are buttered, then soaked in an egg-based custard before being baked with raisins and brown sugar.
It's a lovely dish that can also be made with leftover non-British food, such as croissants or brioche.
This story was originally published on May 1, 2022, and most recently updated on August 24, 2026.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
70,2026-08-24,"Free daily briefing on global business news.
Global business news for a smarter world
© 2026 Quartz Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
The Wuhan-based memory chip maker plans to issue new shares equal to 10% to 12% of its post-offering capital, with proceeds earmarked for production upgrades
 Feature China / Getty Images
Yangtze Memory Technologies filed for an initial public offering on the Shanghai Stock Exchange to raise $4.9 billion, in what would rank among China's largest semiconductor share sales in years, according to The Wall Street Journal.
The company, known as YMTC and based in Wuhan, China, said in its listing prospectus on Friday that it plans to issue between roughly 2.0 billion and 2.4 billion new shares, representing 10% to 12% of its post-offering share capital, with an overallotment option of up to 15%. The funds will be used to upgrade production lines and develop next-generation storage products. The company expects to list in 2027, according to the Wall Street Journal.
YMTC's parent company, CCSH Corporation, plans to list on Shanghai's STAR Market, according to the Nikkei Asia. The IPO comes as explosive demand from artificial intelligence has driven a surge in NAND flash chip prices, allowing YMTC's factories to run near full capacity.
The company's first-quarter results underscore that momentum. The company posted first-quarter revenue of 47.04 billion yuan, or $7.0 billion, a figure that surpassed what it had earned across all of 2024. Revenue from core NAND flash products rose nearly fivefold compared with the same period a year earlier, while quarterly net profit reached 33.38 billion yuan — more than twice what the company earned across all of 2025. The company said gross margin expanded to 77% in the quarter, up from 35% a year prior.
Counterpoint Research placed YMTC third in global NAND shipments, putting it ahead of Kioxia by volume, even as it continues to lag behind both Kioxia and Micron $MU Technology when measured by revenue.
""We believe YMTC has transitioned from a 'domestic substitution play' into a 'top-3 global NAND platform,'"" analysts with China Merchants Securities wrote in a note.
CXMT, a rival Chinese memory chip maker, completed a high-profile market debut last month that revealed robust demand among investors for names tied to China's push for chip self-sufficiency — a backdrop against which YMTC's listing is taking shape. YMTC remains subject to U.S. restrictions limiting its access to certain American technologies, a factor analysts said could weigh on its longer-term growth.
Join 500,000+ readers who start their day with Quartz.
By subscribing, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."
71,2026-08-24,"While the auction figures over Monterey Car Week were jaw-dropping, the mountains of cash being ponied up for spots to get through the Panama Canal is the product of the volatile global energy market. A South Korean liquefied petroleum gas supertanker paid a record sum of $4.6 million last week to jump the line of ships waiting to transit the Central American canal. The empty tank presumably to pick up an LPG shipment in the United States bound for East Asia.
The Panama Canal Authority offers a flat-rate price through a digital reservation system to traverse the canal, but there can also be days-long waits to reach the front of the line. According to gCaptain, the waits can be as long as 11 days for Neopanamax-size ships. As a result, the Authority has also instituted an auction system for vessels to bid for earlier time slots. If a shipping company deems the voyage valuable and time-sensitive enough, it can simply pay to jump the line.
The winning bid will fluctuate based on market and weather conditions, but the U.S. war against Iran has significantly impacted demand. Iran, Qatar and Saudi Arabia are the world's third, sixth and ninth largest producers of natural gas, respectively, with their supplies largely going to East Asia. With the Strait of Hormuz blockaded, countries need to find alternative sources to make up the deficit and the United States is the world's largest producer. The G. Arete, the empty South Korean tanker, can hold over 80,000 cubic meters of liquefied petroleum gas. With the market rate for LPG being over $500 per cubic meter, it's no surprise that someone paid $4.6 million for speedy transit, since reaching the cargo on time is far more valuable.
There are other factors at play when it comes to waiting times and auction prices at the Panama Canal. The weather is a significant contributor. Millions of gallons of water are needed to operate the canal's dozen locks. Droughts can limit the size of ships that can be raised or lowered, or even halt traffic entirely under severe weather conditions. In 2013, a drought caused a 154-ship backlog across both ends of the canal. The wait time to transit was 21 days. It's feared that those conditions could return with the ongoing El Niño. The shifting wind pattern creates a wetter climate for Southern California, but Panama tends to become more arid.
Obviously, it would be a dream for shippers to avoid the auctions, the locks and Panama entirely. Mexico has an alternative by rail. The Interoceanic Corridor of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec is a 188-mile rail corridor linking the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans that opened earlier this year. Ships would offload their cargo at one end, a train would transport it to the opposite end to be loaded onto a different ship. While an interesting concept, it wouldn't be particularly useful for bulk fuel carriers."
72,2026-08-24,JPMorgan adjusted its Walmart stock price target after the retailers quarterly update.
73,2026-08-24,"The internet is hard at work to uncover the origins of a mysterious model.
Last week, a new model named Ox Alpha popped up on OpenRouter. The model — uploaded by an anonymous third-party provider — is temporarily free with near-unlimited usage. Early tests from developers suggest it performs well on coding and long-running AI agent tasks.
Now, people on the Chinese internet are looking at a weird, low-budget Chinese film about a cow — and wondering if the model's name could be a dead giveaway about its origins.
Over the weekend, users on Weibo, China's version of X, pointed out that the model's name contains the word ""Ox."" That led other people on the platform to nickname the model ""Niu Lai,"" the title of a Chinese animated movie that became one of the country's biggest internet memes this summer.
The movie, released on August 5, has a title that translates to ""Here Comes the Ox."" The bizarre flick — voiced and produced by a mother-son duo — is about a timid newborn calf that follows a songbird into an abstract dream sequence. Its rudimentary 3D animation and odd plot put some of its early viewers off; fewer than 300 tickets were sold during its first 10 days in theaters, according to local media reports.
However, as clips and jokes about its unpolished quality exploded online, the movie turned into a nationwide sensation, with filmgoers flocking to cinemas out of sheer curiosity about how bad it could be. 
The cow memes — including an unintentionally hilarious moment in which the calf bellows plaintively for its mother — have since flooded Chinese social media. 
And that's meant big money for the movie, too. By Monday, Niu Lai had grossed 45 million yuan, or roughly $6.7 million, at China's box office, according to Chinese box office figures.
China's internet, meanwhile, has wasted no time drawing a link between the powerful AI model and the viral movie.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
""There's a Chinese movie in theaters called 牛来 (Niu Lai) which roughly translates to 'bull is coming' or 'ox coming,'"" one user wrote on X on Sunday. ""I don't see why any American/EU lab would use codename Ox?""
The speculation surrounding the model and the movie's name also sparked discussion on Weibo.
Some Weibo users posted about the model as being of Chinese make, calling it the ""Bull Demon King,"" a reference to the famed Chinese literary classic ""Journey to the West."" 
Still, the Chinese internet was none the wiser about which lab or company could have created it, with some tech bloggers floating Xiaomi or Z.ai as options.
""The mysterious Ox King is shaking up Silicon Valley and kicking off a 'guess the father' competition,"" one tech blogger from Beijing wrote. ""Whose 'masterless bull model king' is this? The answer may already be written in the code fingerprint.""
Other web users just found it funny, if a little nonsensical — but ran with the ""Niu Lai"" nickname anyway.
""All things said, calling Ox Alpha the 'Niu Lai Model' is weird,"" wrote one Weibo user from Sichuan on Friday.
Over on Reddit — in a popular AI subreddit called r/singularity — people said Ox Alpha's responses on politically sensitive Chinese topics made a Chinese origin unlikely.
Some commenters on Reddit said Ox Alpha's willingness to discuss politically sensitive Chinese topics made a Chinese origin less likely. Due to tight regulation and self-censorship, chatbots developed for the Chinese market tend to provide government-aligned answers to questions about the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown and Taiwan's political status, while refraining from criticisms of China's politicians.
Other researchers, however, reported that the model sometimes gave official-line responses and identified technical similarities with Z.ai's GLM models. 
Adding to the online speculation, dozens of Google employees joined the fun with tongue-in-cheek posts about Ox Alpha over the weekend. 
""What if the Ox Alpha was the friends we made along the way,"" wrote Evan Otero, a technical staffer at Google DeepMind. 
 No company has claimed Ox Alpha at press time.
China's AI industry has seen explosive growth in the last two years, with labs including DeepSeek, Alibaba, Moonshot AI, and Tencent releasing increasingly powerful and often open-weight models. Chinese models have rapidly narrowed the gap with their US rivals, with users touting them for their capabilities and lower costs than OpenAI and Anthropic models.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
74,2026-08-24,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Not all profits are created equal. Learn why free cash flow provides a clearer picture of business performance than adjusted EBITDA.
Copied to clipboard

		Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.	
Not long ago, almost every conversation about business value began and ended with EBITDA.
Management presentations highlighted it. Investment bankers built valuation discussions around it. Buyers compared multiples against it. Owners proudly pointed to year-over-year improvements as evidence that the business had become more valuable.
EBITDA remains an important measure of operating performance. But if there’s one lesson the private markets have reinforced over the past few years, it’s this: EBITDA is no longer enough.
When financing becomes more expensive and capital more selective, the conversation changes. Buyers and lenders stop asking, “How much EBITDA does the company generate?” and start asking, “How much cash actually reaches the bank account?”
That is where free cash flow separates itself from adjusted earnings.
EBITDA was never designed to represent cash. It removes interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization to provide a clearer view of operating performance before financing and accounting choices influence the result.
As a benchmarking tool, it’s incredibly useful. The challenge begins when EBITDA is treated as though it were cash. It isn’t.
A company can report impressive EBITDA while simultaneously consuming cash through rising working capital, heavy maintenance capital expenditures or inefficient operations. On paper, the business appears stronger than its bank account suggests.
No lender gets repaid with EBITDA. Debt is serviced with cash.
During a transaction, EBITDA rarely remains the simple number reported in the financial statements.
It evolves into Adjusted EBITDA, where management identifies expenses they believe are non-recurring or not reflective of ongoing operations. These might include one-time legal costs, restructuring expenses, unusual owner compensation or acquisition-related costs.
Some adjustments are entirely reasonable. Others become the subject of long discussions between buyers and sellers.
Every adjustment answers the same question: Would this expense disappear under new ownership? Reasonable professionals can disagree. That’s why adjusted EBITDA often reflects judgment as much as accounting.
The debate usually isn’t whether adjustments exist. It’s whether they’ll survive diligence.
Every seller believes the adjustments tell the “real story.” Buyers, meanwhile, become remarkably skeptical accountants the moment the spreadsheet opens.
Free cash flow leaves less room for interpretation. After operating expenses, taxes, working capital requirements and necessary capital expenditures, what cash remains available?
That remaining cash funds acquisitions, repays debt, supports dividends, finances expansion and provides resilience during downturns. It is the financial flexibility buyers are ultimately purchasing.
A business generating $20 million of EBITDA but only $3 million of sustainable free cash flow presents a very different risk profile than one producing the same EBITDA with $15 million of recurring free cash flow.
The income statement may look similar. The investment case does not.
Higher interest rates and tighter credit conditions have changed how transactions are underwritten.
Several years ago, inexpensive financing often allowed buyers to emphasize projected growth. Today, lenders are placing greater weight on downside protection, debt-service capacity and liquidity.
That naturally shifts attention toward cash generation. Businesses that consistently convert earnings into cash generally provide lenders with greater confidence and buyers with more flexibility after closing.
Cash has become a proxy for quality. Not because EBITDA has lost relevance, but because cash confirms whether the reported earnings translate into economic reality.
The highest-quality businesses usually share one characteristic: Their financial story is consistent from top to bottom.
Revenue grows predictably. Margins remain disciplined. Working capital is managed efficiently. Capital expenditures are planned rather than reactive. 
Most importantly, accounting profits consistently become cash. That consistency reduces uncertainty. And uncertainty is expensive.
Institutional investors don’t pay premium multiples simply because earnings are high. They pay premiums because those earnings appear durable, understandable and capable of generating future cash without constant intervention.
Many executive teams spend months trying to improve EBITDA before approaching lenders or preparing for a sale.
A better exercise is to ask a different question: “If EBITDA increased by 10% next year, how much additional free cash flow would the business actually generate?”
The answer often reveals where value is being created — or quietly lost.
If stronger earnings disappear into receivables, inventory, deferred maintenance or ongoing capital needs, the business may look healthier without becoming meaningfully more valuable.
Before celebrating another quarter of EBITDA growth, management teams should ask themselves five questions:
These questions move the discussion beyond accounting performance and toward economic reality.
EBITDA remains one of the most useful metrics in corporate finance. But it was never intended to tell the entire story. In today’s market, sophisticated buyers and lenders increasingly distinguish between businesses that report attractive earnings and businesses that reliably generate cash.
Adjusted EBITDA may influence the opening valuation discussion. Free cash flow often determines how much confidence buyers have in the business — and how much they are ultimately willing to pay.
That’s why I think of it this way: EBITDA begins the conversation. Free cash flow decides how convincing that conversation becomes.
Not long ago, almost every conversation about business value began and ended with EBITDA.
Management presentations highlighted it. Investment bankers built valuation discussions around it. Buyers compared multiples against it. Owners proudly pointed to year-over-year improvements as evidence that the business had become more valuable.
EBITDA remains an important measure of operating performance. But if there’s one lesson the private markets have reinforced over the past few years, it’s this: EBITDA is no longer enough.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
75,2026-08-24,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Digital tools are giving small businesses new ways to compete, grow and operate more efficiently. 
Copied to clipboard

		Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.	
The United States has over 36 million small businesses, and most owners will tell you the work is not easy, but it is fulfilling. Small businesses contribute to 43.5% of the U.S. GDP and employ more than 62 million people, according to the Small Business Administration. Yet these owners face a persistent challenge: pressure to grow with limited resources to do so. 
While larger companies can more easily invest in operational systems for accounting, HR, IT and marketing, small businesses often rely on lean teams to manage operations, reach customers, balance the books and strategize for the future.
Technology is changing what is possible for small businesses. Bank of America Institute data shows small businesses have increased their spending on tech services, including artificial intelligence tools. That said, spending more does not always mean spending better, and the challenge lies in identifying which tools will drive growth and then putting them to good use. 
Here are three strategies small business owners can use to do exactly that.
With thousands of digital tools on the market, many owners find it difficult to know if they are making the right choices. When evaluating tools, they can start by organizing their priorities around three goals: efficiency, reach and customer engagement.
Efficiency: Some of the most immediate gains from digital tools show up in efficiency, with early AI adopters citing improvements in productivity and operational efficiency, according to a U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation/Hiring Our Heroes whitepaper. But AI is just one piece of the puzzle. 
Project management platforms, scheduling tools and payment processing software can all eliminate many of the manual steps that slow teams down. Accounting and financial management platforms can automate inventory tracking, invoicing and demand forecasting, while customer relationship management (CRM) software can generate follow-ups and surface data-backed insights that inform smarter decision-making.
Reach: Tools like ecommerce platforms and advertising services enable small businesses to sell far beyond their locale and target customers on a national or even global scale. Plus, the data needed to optimize these efforts is often built into the ecommerce, CRM and email marketing platforms many businesses already use. In this way, business owners can not only expand their reach, but gain a clearer picture of what is working, who is buying and where to focus next.
Engagement: Beyond delivering quality products or services, today’s businesses often thrive when they make their customers feel known. Email marketing platforms, loyalty programs and personalized website content can go a long way in driving long-term loyalty. Product recommendation engines, which suggest relevant items based on a customer’s browsing history or past purchases, can enable easier product discovery. Chatbots, whether AI-powered or not, can provide faster support when something goes wrong.
The customer experience is more multifaceted than ever, happening across channels: on a brand’s website, on social media or in a brick-and-mortar store. According to a 2026 survey, 93% of shoppers report that they are more likely to continue shopping with a brand when it gets personalization right, making this a key priority for small businesses looking to build lasting customer relationships.
Digital tools can help small business owners deliver on this at every touchpoint. Social media advertising platforms, for example, enable targeted campaigns that reach new customer segments. In fact, 83% of marketers are confident in social media advertising’s return on investment (ROI), per a 2026 Hootsuite report, making it an investment worth considering. 
Built-in analytics help owners understand what resonates and adjust spending in real time. Beyond attracting new customers, tools that support seamless checkout and automate post-purchase follow-up can help sustain a business.
Small businesses can face greater challenges when evaluating, adopting and using emerging technologies, often due to hurdles like uncertainty about ROI, cybersecurity concerns and workforce resistance. When resources are limited, the pressure to keep up with a fast-moving pace of technological change can feel daunting, yet the urgency is real: The same U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation/Hiring Our Heroes whitepaper found that 53% of small business leaders say AI is either already critical to their operations or will be very soon. 
Rather than adopting tools reactively, a digital road map can help owners take a more intentional approach, providing a structured plan for evaluating and implementing technology aligned with their business goals. It should define what success looks like and prioritize initiatives that deliver visible returns, such as automating invoicing and payment reminders to free up time for higher-value work.
Sustaining innovation requires more than the right tools. According to a Google/Ipsos poll, 40% of employees use AI at work, but only 5% are “AI fluent,” meaning they redesign their workflows around AI and regularly apply it. For owners facing this gap, investing in AI education may be a key pillar of their digital road map. Owners who invest in helping employees move from passive AI users to confident, capable ones will compound their return on technology investments.
The digital tools available give small businesses the ability to compete in ways that were once out of reach. By focusing on the right tools, delivering standout customer experiences and building a culture of innovation, owners can create a foundation for lasting growth. The path to getting there does not require an overnight overhaul. It requires a clear plan, a commitment to learning and a willingness to start. For small business owners ready to take that step, the opportunity has never been greater.
The United States has over 36 million small businesses, and most owners will tell you the work is not easy, but it is fulfilling. Small businesses contribute to 43.5% of the U.S. GDP and employ more than 62 million people, according to the Small Business Administration. Yet these owners face a persistent challenge: pressure to grow with limited resources to do so. 
While larger companies can more easily invest in operational systems for accounting, HR, IT and marketing, small businesses often rely on lean teams to manage operations, reach customers, balance the books and strategize for the future.
Technology is changing what is possible for small businesses. Bank of America Institute data shows small businesses have increased their spending on tech services, including artificial intelligence tools. That said, spending more does not always mean spending better, and the challenge lies in identifying which tools will drive growth and then putting them to good use. 

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
76,2026-08-24,"LONDON, Aug 24 - U.S. threats to impose ""the toughest sanctions in history"" to force Iran to buckle to its demands after nearly six months of war have raised..."
77,2026-08-24,"Investing

							WDAY enters August 27 earnings with a 91% beat probability, four straight EPS beats, and Silver Lake buyout talks anchoring the stock.													

							A forward P/E of 18 and PEG of 0.75 reframe WDAY as reasonably priced, with agentic AI solutions already approaching $500 million in ARR.													

							WDAY's 14% subscription revenue growth outpaces CRM, while 97% gross revenue retention and a pure cloud model give it an edge over ORCL.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Workday didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Andrey_Popov / Shutterstock.com
Owning Workday (NASDAQ:WDAY | WDAY Price Prediction) shares into the August 27, 2026 after-market earnings report is the cleanest pre-earnings setup in enterprise software today. The prediction market is pricing a 0.91 probability of a beat, the company just delivered its fourth consecutive EPS beat, and buyout chatter has put a strategic floor under the stock. The odds favor the bulls.
Trailing multiples look demanding at a P/E of 60, but the forward figure tells the real story: forward P/E of 18 against a PEG of 0.75. Free cash flow yield sits at 7.00%, and management guided fiscal 2027 free cash flow to $3.180 billion, growth of 15%. You are paying growth-at-a-reasonable-price multiples for a business converting revenue into cash at scale.
Management guided Q2 FY2027 subscription revenue to approximately $2.455 billion, growth of 13% and CRPO growth of 13.5% to 14.5%. New ACV from agentic AI products grew more than 200% year over year, with the company approaching $500 million in ARR from agentic AI solutions. On top of that, Reuters reported on August 13 that Silver Lake is in talks to buy Workday, adding a takeout premium that did not exist a month ago. Shares are up 39.77% over the past month, and history says the payoff often comes after the report settles: the average one-week post-earnings move is +7.83%.
Against Salesforce (NYSE:CRM), Workday is growing subscription revenue faster: 14% in Q1 versus CRM’s high-single-digit subscription trajectory, and CEO Aneel Bhusri stated customers are “looking to us first for AI solutions for the HR and finance worlds”. Against Oracle (NYSE:ORCL), Workday’s non-GAAP operating margin of 31.8% and 97% gross revenue retention anchor a purer cloud HCM story than Oracle Fusion’s mixed on-prem and cloud stack. Workday won the head-to-head where it matters: agentic AI adoption, with more than 4,000 customers live.
Bears point to the trailing multiple and to insider selling. Both are backward-looking. Q1 non-GAAP operating income hit $809 million, operating cash flow grew 52%, and the board authorized enough capital to repurchase roughly 12 million shares for $1.6 billion last quarter alone. Multiples compress when growth stalls. This one is accelerating.
Retirement-focused investors watching the August 27 report have a rare confluence of accelerating growth, forward-multiple compression, and a strategic-buyer bid working in their favor.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Joel South covers large-cap stocks, dividend investing, and major market trends, with a focus on earnings analysis, valuation, and turning complex data into actionable insights for investors.
He brings more than 15 years of experience as an investor and financial journalist, including 12 years at The Motley Fool, where he served as an investment analyst, Bureau Chief, and later led the Fool.com investing news desk. He has also co-hosted an investing podcast and appeared across TV and radio discussing market trends.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Software M&A is heating up again as private equity dry powder collides with depressed SaaS (software as a service) multiples…
Salesforce and ServiceNow both planted their flags on agentic AI this quarter, but their bets look almost nothing alike, and…
ServiceNow just posted a blowout quarter with AI deployments scaling at a pace no enterprise software company has matched, yet…
Live Updates Workday Q1 Earnings Coverage Wrap-Up May 21, 2026 at 5:27 PM EDT That wraps up our initial coverage…
Salesforce (NYSE:CRM | CRM Price Prediction) and ServiceNow (NYSE:NOW) just closed earnings cycles that put their agentic AI strategies on…
Salesforce (NYSE: CRM | CRM Price Prediction) and Oracle (NYSE: ORCL) both delivered fresh earnings inside a three week window,…
Software M&A activity has returned in 2026 as public SaaS multiples compress while private equity dry powder and strategic stack…
ServiceNow just crossed a milestone that Wall Street has barely noticed, and our model says the window to act is…
Wall Street sees a sluggish legacy software company and keeps selling. One investor sees something else buried in the pipeline…"
78,2026-08-24,"Mike McGlone says Bitcoin’s rebound may be a selling opportunity within a broader bear market. The 30-year US Treasury yield recently reached 5.31%, its high..."
79,2026-08-24,"
Lectronz is a marketplace for open-source hardware makers and DIY electronics. Most of our sellers are not factories or well-funded start-ups. They are engineers, independent designers, and hardware enthusiasts working from spare rooms, garages, and tiny workshops.
Some earn a living from their products. Some sell only a handful of boards each year. Others build ten units simply because they created something useful and want to share it with the community. Occasionally, one of those experiments grows into a real business. Every Arduino begins somewhere.
But the European Union's new packaging rules now threaten to kill the world of makers and micro-entrepreneurs, putting jobs, livelihoods and an entire ecosystem of innovation at risk.
And this threat is not just limited to makers and engineers. It affects artists, craftspeople and other micro-entrepreneurs selling their work across the EU.
The EU has required producers to take responsibility for packaging waste for many years through Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) schemes. The new Packaging and Packaging Waste Regulation (PPWR), which generally applies from 12 August 2026, aims to harmonise packaging rules across the European Union and reduce waste.
The main idea of EPR is sensible: businesses that place packaging on the market should help finance its collection and recycling.
For makers, this means taking responsibility for the boxes, envelopes, plastic bags and other packaging used to deliver their products. This is an idea we can all get behind.
Unfortunately, instead of creating a single European system, the PPWR preserves a fragmented national model. A business selling directly to customers across the EU must register and fulfil its obligations separately in every Member State where its packaging becomes waste. For large companies, this is part of the cost of doing business; for micro-businesses selling only a handful of products into each country, the cost and administrative burden can be wildly disproportionate to the amount of packaging involved.
Imagine an engineer in Greece who designs a €25 open-source sensor board... 
During the first year, he sells five to Germany, two to France, two to Austria and one to Belgium. Each ships in a small antistatic bag and a padded envelope. The amount of packaging generated for each sale is probably around 50 grams. 
He has just become a packaging waste producer in four countries.
Based on indicative prices currently quoted by national schemes and compliance providers, the annual cost for France alone can look like this:
These indicative costs continue to add up for each country: 
In short, the barrier to entry for these four countries totals €1150 per year in an optimistic scenario.
The weight-based environmental contribution associated with half a kilogram of packaging should be measured in cents. The bureaucracy required to account for it is measured in thousands of euros.
Now imagine you want to sell to all 27 Member States! To make it worthwhile, our Greek engineer needs to sell not 10 boards, not 100, but literally thousands of boards every year from the very start. 
It simply isn’t worth it anymore. 
Often, innovation doesn’t come from large established corporations, but from small businesses that start from scratch with new ideas and little money. Before becoming successful and selling millions of products, many companies started selling 10, then 100, then 1000. Most businesses never make it there. But there has to be space where ideas can be tested. This is one of the reasons Lectronz exists. 
In the past year, while some sellers on Lectronz sold hundreds of products, half of our registered sellers got fewer than 10 orders. This is not a bug, but the nature of a marketplace like Lectronz where makers are free to experiment with product ideas. Some ideas don’t work. Some creators on Lectronz only build 10 units and share them with the community without making a profit. But even products that “fail” have a value. When hardware creators share them with the community, they help others grow as well. One piece of hardware may unlock the creation of another, leading to new product ideas and innovation. 
The EPR regulations threaten the existence of this innovative space in the EU.
EU policymakers keep sounding the alarm about Europe’s lack of innovation, but seem hell-bent on making it as hard as possible for innovation to emerge at all, with regulations that create a disproportionate barrier to entry for micro-enterprises and SMEs. It’s an environment where only big players like Amazon, Temu, or eBay can exist. 
Lectronz collects a 5% fee on every transaction it processes. We waive this fee on the first five sales to encourage sellers to test our platform. After years of work, and with the recent surge of new sellers joining our platform in 2026, Lectronz now generates roughly the equivalent of one modest salary. 
I did not build it to become the next Amazon. I built it because independent hardware creators deserve a marketplace designed for them.
If these rules force many of our sellers to withdraw from the European market, they could also make Lectronz itself unviable. After everything we have built together, that would be personally heartbreaking.
For now, Lectronz sellers should not expect any immediate disruption. It remains unclear how national authorities will enforce these rules against makers and micro-enterprises, and we will continue monitoring the situation closely.
If these regulations are applied strictly, the short-term solution for makers is simple: stop selling in the EU and ship exclusively to non-EU markets. 
Yes, you read that right. For a French micro-entrepreneur, it makes more sense to ship products to the US than to ship to neighbouring Germany or Belgium, for example. This is true even with any US tariffs in place. 
Of course, limiting sales to the US is not a viable solution for some sellers. It's also a loss for the European economy itself. I still hope that we can work out realistic solutions that can help restore the EU single market for micro-enterprises. Here are some ideas.
Exempt small-volume sellers and micro-enterprises from cross-border packaging obligations. The threshold would apply only to producers that are below a specific volume of waste and/or a specific yearly turnover. 
Create a centralised EU portal where sellers can register, report waste, and pay truly reasonable fees at once, for all Member States where they ship products. This could mimic the mechanism that already exists for VAT with the One Stop Shop (OSS). 
Ideally, since we are in 2026, most of this work should be done through a modern open RESTful API (not web forms) and open-source software, to be as automated as possible. 
A mechanism should allow marketplaces like Lectronz or Tindie to register, report waste, and pay reasonable fees on behalf of all their sellers as if they were collectively one producer of waste.
This means that the marketplace would pay administrative fees and other EPR costs corresponding to a single producer, that would collectively represent all its sellers. For Lectronz, this would have a non-trivial impact in terms of cost and administrative work, but it might be achievable under the right conditions.
As stated above, using a common API standard for all countries would help automate things.
Again, to reiterate, we support the idea of reducing waste and promoting sustainability. But there’s got to be a better, simpler, and fairer way to do it. 
This regulation is having a massive effect on the entire ecosystem of micro-businesses, not just makers. It affects artists who sell their creations online. Local traditional food producers who export their products across the EU. It also affects craftspeople who sell their work online through their own website or dedicated platforms like Etsy. Beyond the small world of makers and DIY electronics, this will have an impact on the livelihood of potentially hundreds of thousands of people in the EU. 
And to be clear: these rules affect not only businesses in the EU, but any business that sells to buyers in the EU.
Jeanette Koňarčíková, an independent artist and micro-entrepreneur from Slovakia, launched an online petition to draw the attention of policymakers to this issue:
https://www.change.org/p/stop-destroying-eu-micro-businesses-immediate-moratorium-on-cross-border-epr-fees
The petition is thoughtful and well-written. I encourage you to read and sign it!
The European Commission also has an open public feedback page for this issue here:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/better-regulation/have-your-say/initiatives/15352-Packaging-and-packaging-waste-rules-on-national-registers-of-producers_en
Consider leaving feedback there as well.
Recently, the European Commission has begun to recognise part of the problem and has proposed suspending the requirement to appoint an authorised representative in every destination country until 2035. But this proposal has not yet been adopted. Unfortunately, this proposal may take time to be voted on and enter into force. By then, many small businesses may have closed. More importantly, removing the authorised-representative requirement would address only part of the problem. Rules like this risk undermining trust in the European project itself. What’s the point of the EU if the single market no longer exists for micro-enterprises? 
Here at Lectronz, we will continue to move forward and hope for the best. 
But make your voice heard now to make sure policymakers understand the urgency of this issue!"
80,2026-08-24,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Tech > Mobile > Wearables
Amid broad privacy concerns, new apps like Zuckoff help detect smart glasses in the wild.
August 24, 2026, 4:32 pm ET
You can no longer assume a pair of black-rimmed glasses is just prescription eyewear. 
As Meta AI smart glasses grow in popularity and other wearables join the race, they’re facing mounting public backlash over their hidden surveillance capabilities. Smart glasses can record, stream and process video without alerting anyone around them — unless you consider a tiny recording indicator light sufficient.
Broad concerns over privacy have led to a technical battle. On one side, hardware modifiers are tweaking wearable cameras to make them even harder to spot, often by disabling LED indicators. On the other, developers and privacy-focused coders are launching counter tech to give you a heads-up when a hidden camera walks into the room.
One of those developers has already gained traction with a free Apple iOS app called Zuckoff, a digital detection tool to spot nearby Ray-Ban Meta glasses, Snap Spectacles or similar hardware. 
Zuckoff, whose name takes a direct jab at Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg, has joined a small ecosystem of apps such as Antizuck Smart Glasses Scanner and Nearby Glasses that offer similar functionality — letting you know when someone has smart glasses activated and how close the device is, although they can’t tell you specifically whether someone is actively recording or using AI to pull up information. The apps detect approximate device proximity by sweeping local Bluetooth frequencies to locate vendor IDs, system identifiers and hardware signatures associated with smart glasses.
As Zuckoff’s website notes: “Glasses advertise loudest while powering on, pairing or leaving the case. Once paired to their owner’s phone, they can go quiet, so silence is not proof that nobody is recording, and a detection is not proof that anyone is. Signal strength gives a rough distance and no direction at all.”
Zuckoff’s developer, Pawel Szydlowski, said he was already working on projects that used Bluetooth to detect nearby devices and discovered the tech could be applied to smart glasses. “It’s just the same technology wrapped in a different paper,” he said in a video chat with CNET.
Recent reports have shown that smart glasses are being used for everything from bullying in schools to viral videos with unwitting subjects who don’t know they’re being recorded.
What drove Szydlowski to actively develop a software detector was seeing social media videos of people wearing smart glasses who recorded pranks or harassed women with pickup lines. None of the targets seemed aware that their content would appear online, which made Szydlowski angry. “There was not even a blur involved to try to censor them, to give them some sort of feeling of privacy,” he said. “These days, everybody feels entitled to post everything.”
Since it launched in early August, the Zuckoff app has gotten 2,000 sign-ups, and Szydlowski is beta-testing an Android version he hopes to make available on the Google Play Store. The app also has a premium version for $10 a year that can run continuous detection checks in the background when the app isn’t in use.
But a booming ecosystem of DIY modifications and third-party hardware hacks is also giving smart glasses wearers unprecedented stealth by allowing them to disable the activation lights, either by bypassing the capture LEDs or by patching software to suppress system notifications.
Tech journalist Joanna Stern hosted a video showing the process in which a local hacker removed the LED light from her Ray-Ban Meta glasses for $100, allowing the wearables to secretly record without notice.
Detecting active smart glasses in public or private spaces adds a new layer of security awareness, but it raises an obvious dilemma: What do you actually do with that information? Once a detector app alerts us that smart glasses are nearby, it seems our only choices are to either leave the space or ask the wearer to remove the glasses. 
Uttara Ananthakrishnan, an assistant professor of Information Systems at Carnegie Mellon University who studies the societal impacts of technology, says we’re still figuring out the social norms around wearables like smart glasses. It’s impossible to know whether the person filming will behave responsibly, and the question of consent gets even thornier if children might be captured on video or in photos.
Unlike with smartphones, where it’s easier to tell when someone is recording or taking photos, “smart glasses shift the burden of privacy entirely onto the person being photographed,” Ananthakrishnan said.
 “Until we develop clear mechanisms to balance seamless innovation with consent, these devices will continue to turn everyday public spaces into zones of surveillance anxiety,” she said. 
That surveillance anxiety may prompt some hardware-makers to release alternative versions of smart glasses that entirely avoid potential privacy violations.
The Even G2 smart glasses don’t have a camera for recording photos or videos. They can pair with a separately sold R1 control ring that works as a fitness tracker.
For instance, Even Realities’ G2 smart glasses don’t include a front-facing camera at all. Instead, the Even G2 devices, released in late 2025, focus on providing the wearer with information and acting more like a personal assistant.
“We made the decision from the beginning that smart glasses don’t need to have cameras on them in order to be useful,” Even Realities CEO Will Wang told CNET in an email. “We believe something worn on your face should respect not only the person wearing it, but everyone around them.”
The G2 devices don’t record externally, a design choice Wang said gave the company a unique challenge. “Leaving the camera out also pushed us to think differently about what actually makes smart glasses useful day to day, rather than assuming more sensors automatically make a better product,” he said.
Wang said there’s room in the smart glasses market for different approaches to features and functionality, and that buyers may want to make trade-offs for devices they’ll wear on their faces. But Wang noted that the rise of smart glasses detectors indicates that social acceptance is an issue the industry needs to consider.
Over the last several months, smart glasses have been getting cheaper. And with more models and companies jumping into the fray, the demand for surveillance detectors is likely to grow — that is, unless Big Tech and wearable companies radically change their devices to make them invisible to detector apps.
Zuckoff’s Szydlowski said it’s possible a company could shrink the kind of 5G technology to fit in smart glasses, making them less dependent on phones and Bluetooth, but that’s unlikely to happen anytime soon. If Meta or Snap deliberately updated their hardware to hide from detection apps and disable smart glasses’ digital footprint, it would further undercut any claim of privacy accountability. 
Szydlowski said his hope is that, in time, Zuckoff won’t be needed at all. He pointed out that the ability to detect nearby Apple AirTag devices eventually became part of the operating systems on iOS and Android devices. If consumers pressure manufacturers and their governments to make smart glasses easier to detect, it would be “the perfect solution” to make his app obsolete, he said.

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
81,2026-08-24,Asian shares were mostly lower and oil prices slipped on Monday at the outset of a week capped by an annual meeting of top U.S. economic officials at Jackson...
82,2026-08-24,"Investing

							SMCI sank 7% after Taiwan indicted nine people, including two local unit employees, for illegally routing 74 AI servers to China via falsified documents.													

							DELL slipped 2% while NVDA and HPE held steady, as markets read the case as employee-level misconduct rather than a corporate export-control failure.													

							SMCI already faces a separate independent board review of export-control transactions, creating two overlapping compliance risks that keep the stock difficult to price.													
The most widely read finance newsletter on Substack isn't published by a bank, it's Doomberg, where 383,000+ readers get the energy and macro analysis the mainstream press misses. 24/7 Wall St. readers save 17% on their first year here.

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Shutterstock 
Shares of Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ:SMCI | SMCI Price Prediction) stock are down 7% to $34.53 Monday morning after Taiwanese prosecutors indicted employees of its local unit over an alleged scheme to route AI servers into China. That decline stands apart from broader tech, where losses are limited.
Meanwhile, the iShares U.S. Technology ETF (NYSEARCA:IYW) is down 2% to $243.24, isolating today’s selling to one name. Dell Technologies (NYSE:DELL) stock is down 2% to $431.04, a move that reads more like broad-tape drift than direct AI-server contagion. Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE:HPE) and NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) shares aren’t showing a distinct session move tied to the headline.
The selloff interrupts what had been a strong 2026 for Super Micro Computer. Super Micro Computer stock was up 27% year to date through Friday’s close, supported by a record AI-server backlog and a Q4 FY2026 non-GAAP earnings beat earlier this month. Today’s move is legal-file risk asserting itself over the fundamental story.
Prosecutors in the Taiwanese port city of Keelung said Monday they had indicted nine people over the illegal export of AI servers to China. Eight were charged with breach of trust and document forgery, including one employee of NVIDIA’s Taiwan unit and two employees of Super Micro Computer’s Taiwan unit. A ninth defendant faces a separate charge tied to alleged siphoning of funds from a distributor.
Critically, the indictments name individuals only. Neither Super Micro Computer nor NVIDIA was charged. The filing stated the defendants were “fully aware” that both companies maintain “rigorous internal control procedures,” and that the defendants “colluded with one another at various levels for enormous profit.”
Neither Super Micro Computer nor NVIDIA immediately responded to requests for comment. That distinction between corporate and individual liability is central to why the market reaction stays contained to Super Micro Computer today.
For investors, the wording matters. The filing explicitly framed the alleged conduct as taking place despite corporate controls at Super Micro Computer and NVIDIA, and that framing is why AI-server hardware and GPU peers are holding up while Super Micro Computer stock is sinking.
The case centers on 130 B300 servers ordered from Super Micro Computer, supported by false end-user documents stating the machines would be installed at a rented server facility in Taiwan. Of those, 74 reached Chinese customers through direct shipments and transhipments via Indonesia, Japan and Hong Kong.
The remaining 56 units were bound for a company in Japan before Taiwan customs officials detected irregularities and halted the export. Washington has required licenses for such exports to China since 2022, tightening the compliance perimeter around NVIDIA’s most advanced GPUs and the servers built around them.
The B300 order size is meaningful in absolute terms but small relative to Super Micro Computer’s overall business. Super Micro Computer generated $11.1 billion in revenue in fiscal Q4 2026, and management flagged more than $60 billion in new orders during the quarter. Direct financial exposure from the seized shipments looks contained, though the compliance and reputational reads are why Super Micro Computer stock is sinking.
The framing tells the story. Super Micro Computer is down 7% while broad tech, via the iShares U.S. Technology ETF, is down only 2%. Dell Technologies, the closest AI-server peer, is off 2% as well, a signal that AI-hardware demand isn’t what the market is questioning today.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise and NVIDIA aren’t showing a distinct session decline tied to the Keelung headline (we rounded up seven non-chipmaker suppliers powering that same AI buildout in a free report here: 7 Stocks Powering the AI Boom). That points to investors reading the indictment as employee-level misconduct at a Taiwan subsidiary rather than a corporate-level export-control breakdown at either name.
Super Micro Computer already carries a known compliance overhang. Its board is separately conducting an independent review of certain transactions related to export-control issues, and management told the fiscal Q4 2026 call it “expect[s] to provide an update shortly”. Two overlapping compliance threads make headline risk on this name difficult to price cleanly.
The near-term signal for Super Micro Computer will come from any corporate response to the Keelung indictments and from the pending board update on the independent review. Investors can watch for whether management addresses the Taiwan case directly in coming SEC filings or on the next investor call.
Given the tight compliance overhang, investors may want to keep their position sizes modest in Super Micro Computer stock until the board review closes. Cost-averaging into weakness and defined-risk options structures can help manage headline-driven volatility of the kind that hit Super Micro Computer stock this morning. The broader AI-server thesis at Dell Technologies, Hewlett Packard Enterprise and NVIDIA appears to be largely unaffected by today’s news.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
David Moadel is financial writer specializing in stocks, ETFs, options, precious metals, and Bitcoin. David has written well over 1,000 articles for leading online publications, helping investors understand markets, income strategies, and risk.
His work has appeared in The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, U.S. News & World Report, TipRanks, ValueWalk, Benzinga, Market Realist, TalkMarkets, Finmasters, 24/7 Wall St., and others.
With a master’s degree in education, David has taught at the elementary, high school, and college levels. That teaching background shapes his writing style: clear, educational, and practical. David has also built a loyal social-media audience by providing trustworthy financial content on YouTube, X/Twitter, and StockTwits.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ:SMCI | SMCI Price Prediction) stock is down 8% to $28.15 in Monday afternoon trading after Taiwan…
Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ:SMCI | SMCI Price Prediction) stock is up 4% to $29.25 in mid-morning trading on Tuesday, clawing…
Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ:SMCI | SMCI Price Prediction) stock plummeted 27% in Friday morning trading after federal prosecutors charged three…
Shares of Dell Technologies (NYSE:DELL | DELL Price Prediction) are up 33% in early Friday trading to roughly $424, capping…
Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ:SMCI | SMCI Price Prediction) shares rose 5% on Tuesday, trading around $22.20 after opening at $21.06.…
Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ:SMCI | SMCI Price Prediction) stock is bouncing toward the $22 level Monday morning, with SMCI up…
Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ:SMCI | SMCI Price Prediction) shares are plunging 22% in pre-market trading this morning after the Justice…
Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ:SMCI | SMCI Price Prediction) shares are trading at $28.82 in Thursday’s midday session, extending a brutal…
Super Micro's blowout earnings sent its stock surging and pulled Dell and Hewlett Packard Enterprise along for the ride, but…"
83,2026-08-24,"Investing

							XPeng sinks 7% after Q3 guidance missed Wall Street's consensus by roughly 15%, pulling NIO down 4% in sympathy.													

							Alibaba and Tencent joined a $900 million raise valuing XPeng's IRON humanoid robotics unit at $6.3 billion, China's largest single embodied AI round.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Tesla didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Xpeng Inc.
Chinese electric-vehicle ADRs are driving Monday morning’s selling. XPeng (NYSE:XPEV | XPEV Price Prediction) stock is down 7% to $11.40 after a Q2 2026 revenue miss and soft Q3 2026 outlook overshadowed a record valuation for the company’s humanoid robotics arm. Meanwhile, NIO (NYSE:NIO) stock is dropping 4% to $4.45 in sympathy with its Chinese EV peer.
Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) stock is sliding 2% to $354.06, a milder cut than the ADRs. Also, Lucid (NASDAQ:LCID) shares are slipping 1% to $5.46, while Rivian (NASDAQ:RIVN) stock is rising 0.7% to $17.09 against the trend. XPeng stock was down 40% year to date (YTD) through Friday’s close, extending an already brutal run.
XPeng reported Q2 2026 revenue of RMB19.74 billion (US$2.91 billion), up 8% year over year (YoY) and up 51.5% quarter over quarter, though below Wall Street expectations. Deliveries totaled 103,295 units, up 0.1% YoY, and gross margin expanded to 20.7% from 17.3% from a year earlier. Vehicle margin fell to 12.1% from 14.3% as XPeng absorbed a product-generation transition.
The larger issue is the Q3 guide. XPeng guided Q3 revenue to RMB21.7 billion to RMB23.4 billion against Wall Street’s RMB25.88 billion consensus per Fiscal.ai via Stocktwits, with Q3 deliveries at 115,000 to 121,000 units versus 116,007 year over year. The non-GAAP loss landed at RMB1.29 per American depositary share, wider than expected, while R&D expenses climbed 32% to RMB2.91 billion even as the cash pile held at RMB40.48 billion (US$5.97 billion) as of June 30.
XPeng’s robotics business raised over US$900 million at a post-money valuation above US$6.3 billion, the largest single-round private financing in China’s embodied AI industry. IDG Capital led the round, with Gaorong Ventures participating and Tencent and Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) joining as strategic investors. Notably, Alibaba stock is down 1% to $117.60 in Monday trading, though the strategic tie signals deepening Chinese-tech alignment behind physical AI.
XPeng retains controlling ownership of the robotics unit and will consolidate it in group financials. The IRON humanoid robot carries 76 degrees of freedom across the body and 21 in each hand, runs on three Turing AI chips delivering up to 2,250 TOPS, and targets mass production by the end of 2026. Initial commercial deployments are planned inside XPeng stores and campuses, with large-scale customer deliveries in China and overseas beginning in 2027.
XPeng Chairman and CEO He Xiaopeng stated, “I believe XPENG will not only build one of China’s most valuable humanoid robotics companies, but also become a global leader in physical AI.” The valuation validates the R&D spend that has weighed on near-term earnings. Yet, the market is treating today’s action as an auto-margin story ahead of a robotics-optionality story.
The rotation inside the electric-vehicle group is telling. Chinese ADRs are absorbing the selling with XPeng down 7% and NIO down 4%, while Tesla’s 2% pullback and Lucid’s 1% slip look orderly by comparison, and Rivian shares are higher. The Global X Autonomous & Electric Vehicles ETF (NASDAQ:DRIV) offers a broader read, holding XPeng, NIO, Tesla, and Lucid inside its portfolio.
The earnings-day reaction pattern at XPeng favors caution. Even during a streak of five straight quarterly beats through Q1 2026, XPeng stock delivered a 10.3% day-of drop on Q3 2025 results and an 8.4% day-of decline on Q4 2025 results, and the average day-of change across those beats ran modestly negative. Today’s move on an actual miss fits that history, and the softer Q3 guide sharpens the concern.
For investors sizing their exposure to XPeng after today’s slide, position sizing matters more than usual (we wrote a free playbook on speculating with a small slice of a portfolio here: Small Stakes, Big Swings). The stock is a high-beta name with a robotics call option layered on top of a car business that just missed on the top line and guided Q3 below consensus. Investors should keep any new positions small enough to survive a similar release, and existing holders may want to trim exposure into strength rather than press into weakness.
Shareholders can watch for whether Q3 delivery momentum accelerates into September’s G9L flagship launch and Q4’s Mona L05 rollout in China. Traders could look for signs that XPeng’s overseas ramp, with quarterly international deliveries above 20,000 units in Q2, offsets the domestic guide. The XPeng conference call is the focus, and price action into Monday’s close can tell investors how much robotics optionality the market will underwrite from here.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
David Moadel is financial writer specializing in stocks, ETFs, options, precious metals, and Bitcoin. David has written well over 1,000 articles for leading online publications, helping investors understand markets, income strategies, and risk.
His work has appeared in The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, U.S. News & World Report, TipRanks, ValueWalk, Benzinga, Market Realist, TalkMarkets, Finmasters, 24/7 Wall St., and others.
With a master’s degree in education, David has taught at the elementary, high school, and college levels. That teaching background shapes his writing style: clear, educational, and practical. David has also built a loyal social-media audience by providing trustworthy financial content on YouTube, X/Twitter, and StockTwits.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Tesla‘s (Nasdaq: TSLA | TSLA Price Prediction) stock is at a crossroads. Investors are now more interested in fields like…
XPeng (NYSE:XPEV | XPEV Price Prediction) stock is down 5% in early trading on Friday, sliding toward $18 after closing…
BlackRock's latest 13F filing sent Nio shares tumbling while Tesla, Lucid, and Rivian barely flinched, and the reason behind that…
Global sales of electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles grew 21% in July, driven by China’s strong performance. Despite weak European…
Rivian raised its delivery outlook and posted improving margins, yet a quiet detail buried in the CFO's remarks on the…
Tesla just posted record deliveries and Wall Street still hammered the stock lower by 8%, exposing a growing divide between…
Shares of Rivian Automotive (NASDAQ:RIVN | RIVN Price Prediction) are up 11% in early trading Thursday to $19 and change,…
Tesla is bleeding market share in investor portfolios to Lucid and Rivian even as it posts record deliveries, and the…
Shares of Rivian (NASDAQ:RIVN | RIVN Price Prediction) are down 14% in Tuesday morning trading, changing hands at $17 and…"
84,2026-08-24,"News Focus
SPONSORED
© Shutterstock
H.B. Fuller Co. 					(NYSE:FUL) shares were unchanged in Monday’s pre-market trading after the company’s board rejected an unsolicited offer from Ancora Holdings Group worth up to $1.2 billion for its Building Adhesive Solutions business, according to Bloomberg, citing people familiar with the matter.
The board determined that Ancora’s proposal materially undervalued the division and failed to adequately reflect its future growth prospects, the people said.
Directors also reportedly concluded that the bid did not recognise the strategic importance of Building Adhesive Solutions within H.B. Fuller’s wider adhesives portfolio and lacked sufficient information from Ancora to constitute an actionable proposal.
Ancora responded strongly to the board’s decision, arguing that H.B. Fuller dismissed its proposal without engaging with the investment firm.
An Ancora spokesperson told Bloomberg that rejecting the offer without discussions was “irrational” and reinforced the CEO and board’s “proclivity for entrenchment.”
“Anybody with a pulse can infer from Ancora’ offer letter that the firm can self-finance, increase its offer and move quickly to address the company’s leverage crisis,” the spokesperson reportedly said in an emailed statement.
The comments suggest Ancora may have flexibility to increase its proposal should H.B. Fuller become willing to enter negotiations.
Ancora approached H.B. Fuller’s board earlier this month with a letter calling for bilateral negotiations over the Building Adhesive Solutions unit, after initially raising the possibility with the company’s chief executive and chairman in July.
The investment firm argued that carving out the division could generate funds for H.B. Fuller to reduce debt while allowing management to devote greater attention to integrating Advanced Medical Solutions Group Plc.
Ancora also characterised Building Adhesive Solutions as a relatively low-margin operation competing within a highly fragmented market, arguing that a disposal could leave H.B. Fuller with a more focused portfolio.
The disagreement could increase pressure on H.B. Fuller as investors assess whether selling the adhesives unit would improve the company’s financial position and strategic focus.
Ancora’s spokesperson also suggested that other parties are interested in both the Building Adhesive Solutions division and H.B. Fuller as a whole.
The spokesperson warned that if the board pursued discussions with other potential buyers rather than Ancora, it would “only make it easier to replace derelict directors.”
For NYSE:FUL investors, the unchanged pre-market share price suggests the market is taking a cautious approach to the dispute. Attention is likely to remain on whether Ancora returns with a higher proposal, H.B. Fuller reconsiders negotiations or interest from other potential buyers develops.
H B Fuller stock price
Join the discussion: Connect with other investors on your favorite stocks or explore the top-talked-about stocks on our Breakout Boards.This article was written by the editorial team at InvestorsHub/ADVFN and is provided for informational purposes only. In some cases, editorial staff may use artificial intelligence–based tools to assist in the research, drafting, or editing of content, under human review and oversight. This article does not constitute investment advice, a recommendation, or an offer to buy or sell any securities. The views expressed are based on publicly available information believed to be reliable at the time of publication, but accuracy or completeness is not guaranteed. Readers should conduct their own independent research and consult a qualified financial professional before making any investment decisions.


H.B. Fuller Shares Flat After Board Rejects Ancora’s $1.2 Billion Adhesives Bid




                                                H.B. Fuller Co. (NYSE:FUL) shares were unchanged in Monday’s...
                                            

It looks like you are not logged in. Click the button below to log in and keep track of your recent history.
Chip Selloff Sinks the Nasdaq as the Dow Grinds to a Fresh Record
Wall Street split down the middle on Monday, with a sharp drop in semiconductor stocks dragging the technology-heavy Nasdaq lower even as the Dow Jones Industrial Average pushed to a new closing high. The pullback in chips overshadowed a friendlier move in Treasury yields and a steady rotation into defensive corners of the market, leaving […]
U.S. Stocks Set for Cautious Open Ahead of Nvidia Earnings and Jackson Hole: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street Futures
U.S. stock futures pointed to a broadly flat start on Monday, suggesting Wall Street could struggle for direction as investors look ahead to Nvidia’s (NASDAQ:NVDA) quarterly results and the Jackson Hole economic symposium later this week. The muted outlook follows Friday’s rebound, when the major indices recovered some ground after Thursday’s sharp sell-off. Despite those […]
UPS Commits More Than $2 Billion to Expand Global Logistics Network
UPS (NYSE:UPS) is investing more than $2 billion across its International, Healthcare and Supply Chain Solutions operations as the logistics group expands infrastructure and services across Europe, Asia-Pacific and the Americas. The investment programme began in 2024 and is expected to run through 2028, with UPS directing capital towards new logistics hubs, healthcare capabilities, freight […]
Exxon Expands Automated Drilling in Permian to Boost Oil Production
ExxonMobil (NYSE:XOM) is stepping up its use of automated drilling technology in the Permian Basin as the U.S. energy major seeks to improve safety, accelerate well development and support a substantial increase in oil production. At automated rigs in West Texas, robotic equipment is increasingly taking over tasks traditionally performed by workers on the drilling […]
Eli Lilly Launches Foundayo Weight-Loss Pill in UK
Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY) has launched its oral weight-management and type 2 diabetes treatment Foundayo in the UK, making Britain the first European market where the drug is commercially available, the company said on Monday. Foundayo, chemically known as orforglipron, will initially be available through private prescriptions after receiving authorisation from the UK’s medicines regulator on […]
Nvidia Reportedly Weighs Perplexity Investment at More Than $30 Billion Valuation
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) is reportedly holding talks about investing in artificial intelligence startup Perplexity through a new financing round that could value the company at more than $30 billion, according to The Information. The discussions centre on a funding round potentially worth several billion dollars, with Nvidia among the prospective investors, the report said, citing people […]
AI Trade in Focus as Nvidia Earnings and Iran Sanctions Keep Markets on Edge: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street Futures
U.S. stock futures moved lower on Monday as investors prepared for Nvidia’s (NASDAQ:NVDA) quarterly results later in the week, with uncertainty surrounding the artificial intelligence trade combining with geopolitical tensions between Washington and Tehran to weigh on sentiment. Markets are also looking towards Federal Reserve Chair Kevin Warsh’s appearance at Jackson Hole, where investors will […]
Dow Jumps More Than 550 Points As Strong Data Steadies Wall Street
Stocks closed higher on Friday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average leading the way, as upbeat economic data and calmer bond markets gave investors a reason to buy after a turbulent week. A report showing U.S. business activity growing at its fastest pace in more than four years helped lift sentiment, even though the major […]
Nvidia in advanced talks to invest hundreds of millions in Cloverleaf Infrastructure – WSJ
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) is reportedly in advanced negotiations to invest several hundred million dollars in Cloverleaf Infrastructure, a power development company specialising in securing electricity capacity for data-centre projects, according to The Wall Street Journal. An agreement could be announced as soon as Friday. Although Cloverleaf is privately held, a transaction would carry strategic significance for […]
Wall Street futures point to rebound after Thursday’s sharp selloff: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq
US stock futures moved higher on Friday, signalling a potential rebound at the opening bell after Wall Street suffered steep losses in the previous session amid rising oil prices and renewed pressure from bond yields. Investors appeared willing to return to stocks following Thursday’s decline, although continued strength in crude oil and uncertainty surrounding the […]
US regulatory momentum seen as key driver behind Bitcoin breakout
Bitcoin’s (COIN:BTCUSD) move out of its recent trading range appears to have been driven primarily by improving US regulatory sentiment rather than broader concerns about currency debasement, according to Citi analysts. The bank pointed to the delayed reaction in Bitcoin following the US Treasury’s bond buyback announcement, as well as ether outperforming Bitcoin during the […]
Strategy shares surge as Bitcoin breaks above $70,000
Strategy (NASDAQ:MSTR) shares jumped 10.9% in pre-market trading on Friday after Bitcoin surged above $70,000 overnight, reaching its highest level since early June 2026 and triggering strong gains across cryptocurrency-linked equities. Strategy remains one of the stock market’s most closely watched proxies for Bitcoin because of its substantial exposure to the cryptocurrency, leaving its shares […]
Coinbase shares surge as crypto optimism and regulatory momentum build
Coinbase (NASDAQ:COIN) shares jumped 7.1% in pre-market trading on Friday as investors responded to a combination of bullish comments from CEO Brian Armstrong, growing expectations of US crypto legislation and a powerful short squeeze across digital asset markets. The advance followed Armstrong’s appearance on CNBC and continued positive sentiment stemming from the recent White House […]
Robinhood shares climb as crypto regulation hopes boost investor sentiment
Robinhood (NASDAQ:HOOD) shares rose nearly 4.9% in pre-market trading on Friday as renewed optimism over US cryptocurrency regulation fuelled buying across digital asset-related stocks. The latest catalyst came after President Donald Trump publicly urged Congress to approve the Clarity Act, proposed legislation designed to establish a clearer regulatory framework for digital assets, including the classification […]
Crypto stocks extend rally as Bitcoin jumps on US regulatory momentum
Cryptocurrency-linked shares continued their advance on Friday as Bitcoin (COIN:BTCUSD) climbed to its highest levels since late May, supported by renewed optimism over US digital asset regulation and improving appetite for risk. The latest gains followed President Donald Trump’s call for lawmakers to establish clearer rules for the cryptocurrency industry, adding regulatory momentum to a […]
US futures edge higher ahead of PMI data as Iran sanctions and oil remain in focus: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street
US stock futures moved modestly higher on Friday as investors awaited fresh business activity data while continuing to assess renewed pressure in bond markets, corporate earnings and Washington’s plans to impose sweeping sanctions on Iran. Discount retailer Ross Stores (NASDAQ:ROST) was also in focus after raising its full-year earnings guidance following stronger-than-expected second-quarter results. US […]
Rising Yields and Surging Oil Send Stocks Lower as Walmart Slides 9%
US stocks retreated on Thursday as a rebound in bond yields and a fresh climb in oil prices rattled investors and pulled all three major indexes lower. The selling picked up after the US Treasury’s surprise market intervention earlier in the week proved short-lived, allowing long-term yields to push back toward multi-decade highs. Adding to […]
Micron unveils $10 billion U.S. research lab focused on memory and AI
Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU) has announced the creation of Micron Research Labs, a new U.S.-based research institution backed by a planned $10 billion investment over the next decade. Headquartered in Boise, Idaho, the initiative will concentrate on next-generation memory technologies, advanced memory and computing architectures, semiconductor packaging and manufacturing. Micron describes the project as the first […]
Wall Street set for lower open as surging oil prices revive inflation concerns: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Futures
U.S. stocks were poised to open lower on Thursday, threatening to reverse part of the previous session’s modest rebound as a sharp rise in crude oil prices renewed concerns about the economic consequences of the continuing conflict in the Middle East. U.S. crude futures surged more than 3% to their highest level in almost a […]
Bernstein upgrades Analog Devices after Q3 beat strengthens growth outlook
Bernstein upgraded Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI) to Outperform from Market Perform and raised its price target to $465 from $430 after the semiconductor group delivered stronger-than-expected fiscal third-quarter results and issued an upbeat outlook for the fourth quarter. Analog Devices reported quarterly revenue of $4.022 billion, ahead of Wall Street expectations of $3.922 billion, while earnings […]
© Copyright 2026
Subscribe to Ad free and enjoy an ad-free experience

                    Try Now
                
Keep the Ads"
85,2026-08-24,"News Focus
SPONSORED
© Adobe Stock Images
Picard Medical Inc. 					(AMEX:PMI) shares surged nearly 43.9% in pre-market trading after the company reported second-quarter 2026 revenue significantly ahead of Wall Street expectations, triggering renewed investor interest following a period of weakness in the stock.
Revenue for the quarter reached approximately $2.95 million, almost twice the analyst consensus estimate of around $1.55 million. The stronger-than-anticipated sales performance provided the main catalyst for the sharp move after the results were released the previous evening.
The reaction comes after Picard Medical shares had been trading close to multi-month lows, making the sizeable revenue surprise particularly notable for investors watching the company’s operational progress.
While sales comfortably surpassed forecasts, the company’s bottom-line performance was less encouraging.
Picard Medical reported a quarterly loss of $3.05 per share, compared with analysts’ expectations for a loss of approximately $1.50 per share. The wider deficit highlighted the continuing profitability challenges facing the business despite its stronger revenue performance.
Alongside its earnings announcement, Picard Medical released an updated investor presentation under Regulation FD, continuing its efforts to engage with capital markets at an important stage for the company.
The presentation also comes as Picard Medical works through its NYSE American listing compliance process. The exchange accepted the company’s compliance plan in late July, providing investors with additional clarity over its efforts to address outstanding listing requirements.
Broader U.S. equity markets provided little support for the sharp move in Picard Medical shares.
The S&P 500 was down 0.1%, while the Nasdaq declined 0.6% and the Dow was broadly unchanged. The contrasting performance indicates that the rally in PMI was primarily linked to the company’s earnings announcement rather than a wider market or healthcare-sector advance.
There were also no identified sympathy moves among comparable small-cap medical device companies that could explain the scale of the pre-market increase.
Picard Medical’s strong revenue surprise arrived with the stock trading relatively close to its 52-week low of $2.65, helping create conditions for an outsized response to positive news.
The combination of better-than-expected sales, renewed investor communications and greater visibility around the company’s exchange compliance efforts appears to have encouraged speculative interest ahead of the market open.
Such moves can be particularly pronounced among thinly traded and highly volatile micro-cap stocks, where unexpected positive developments may attract momentum buyers while simultaneously putting pressure on bearish positions.
Despite the strong pre-market reaction, the substantially wider-than-forecast quarterly loss remains an important consideration as investors assess whether Picard Medical can translate improving revenue into stronger financial performance over time.
Picard Medical stock price
Join the discussion: Connect with other investors on your favorite stocks or explore the top-talked-about stocks on our Breakout Boards.This article was written by the editorial team at InvestorsHub/ADVFN and is provided for informational purposes only. In some cases, editorial staff may use artificial intelligence–based tools to assist in the research, drafting, or editing of content, under human review and oversight. This article does not constitute investment advice, a recommendation, or an offer to buy or sell any securities. The views expressed are based on publicly available information believed to be reliable at the time of publication, but accuracy or completeness is not guaranteed. Readers should conduct their own independent research and consult a qualified financial professional before making any investment decisions.


Picard Medical Shares Soar After Quarterly Revenue Beats Forecasts




                                                Picard Medical Inc. (AMEX:PMI) shares surged nearly 43.9% in pre-market...
                                            

It looks like you are not logged in. Click the button below to log in and keep track of your recent history.
Chip Selloff Sinks the Nasdaq as the Dow Grinds to a Fresh Record
Wall Street split down the middle on Monday, with a sharp drop in semiconductor stocks dragging the technology-heavy Nasdaq lower even as the Dow Jones Industrial Average pushed to a new closing high. The pullback in chips overshadowed a friendlier move in Treasury yields and a steady rotation into defensive corners of the market, leaving […]
U.S. Stocks Set for Cautious Open Ahead of Nvidia Earnings and Jackson Hole: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street Futures
U.S. stock futures pointed to a broadly flat start on Monday, suggesting Wall Street could struggle for direction as investors look ahead to Nvidia’s (NASDAQ:NVDA) quarterly results and the Jackson Hole economic symposium later this week. The muted outlook follows Friday’s rebound, when the major indices recovered some ground after Thursday’s sharp sell-off. Despite those […]
UPS Commits More Than $2 Billion to Expand Global Logistics Network
UPS (NYSE:UPS) is investing more than $2 billion across its International, Healthcare and Supply Chain Solutions operations as the logistics group expands infrastructure and services across Europe, Asia-Pacific and the Americas. The investment programme began in 2024 and is expected to run through 2028, with UPS directing capital towards new logistics hubs, healthcare capabilities, freight […]
Exxon Expands Automated Drilling in Permian to Boost Oil Production
ExxonMobil (NYSE:XOM) is stepping up its use of automated drilling technology in the Permian Basin as the U.S. energy major seeks to improve safety, accelerate well development and support a substantial increase in oil production. At automated rigs in West Texas, robotic equipment is increasingly taking over tasks traditionally performed by workers on the drilling […]
Eli Lilly Launches Foundayo Weight-Loss Pill in UK
Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY) has launched its oral weight-management and type 2 diabetes treatment Foundayo in the UK, making Britain the first European market where the drug is commercially available, the company said on Monday. Foundayo, chemically known as orforglipron, will initially be available through private prescriptions after receiving authorisation from the UK’s medicines regulator on […]
Nvidia Reportedly Weighs Perplexity Investment at More Than $30 Billion Valuation
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) is reportedly holding talks about investing in artificial intelligence startup Perplexity through a new financing round that could value the company at more than $30 billion, according to The Information. The discussions centre on a funding round potentially worth several billion dollars, with Nvidia among the prospective investors, the report said, citing people […]
AI Trade in Focus as Nvidia Earnings and Iran Sanctions Keep Markets on Edge: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street Futures
U.S. stock futures moved lower on Monday as investors prepared for Nvidia’s (NASDAQ:NVDA) quarterly results later in the week, with uncertainty surrounding the artificial intelligence trade combining with geopolitical tensions between Washington and Tehran to weigh on sentiment. Markets are also looking towards Federal Reserve Chair Kevin Warsh’s appearance at Jackson Hole, where investors will […]
Dow Jumps More Than 550 Points As Strong Data Steadies Wall Street
Stocks closed higher on Friday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average leading the way, as upbeat economic data and calmer bond markets gave investors a reason to buy after a turbulent week. A report showing U.S. business activity growing at its fastest pace in more than four years helped lift sentiment, even though the major […]
Nvidia in advanced talks to invest hundreds of millions in Cloverleaf Infrastructure – WSJ
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) is reportedly in advanced negotiations to invest several hundred million dollars in Cloverleaf Infrastructure, a power development company specialising in securing electricity capacity for data-centre projects, according to The Wall Street Journal. An agreement could be announced as soon as Friday. Although Cloverleaf is privately held, a transaction would carry strategic significance for […]
Wall Street futures point to rebound after Thursday’s sharp selloff: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq
US stock futures moved higher on Friday, signalling a potential rebound at the opening bell after Wall Street suffered steep losses in the previous session amid rising oil prices and renewed pressure from bond yields. Investors appeared willing to return to stocks following Thursday’s decline, although continued strength in crude oil and uncertainty surrounding the […]
US regulatory momentum seen as key driver behind Bitcoin breakout
Bitcoin’s (COIN:BTCUSD) move out of its recent trading range appears to have been driven primarily by improving US regulatory sentiment rather than broader concerns about currency debasement, according to Citi analysts. The bank pointed to the delayed reaction in Bitcoin following the US Treasury’s bond buyback announcement, as well as ether outperforming Bitcoin during the […]
Strategy shares surge as Bitcoin breaks above $70,000
Strategy (NASDAQ:MSTR) shares jumped 10.9% in pre-market trading on Friday after Bitcoin surged above $70,000 overnight, reaching its highest level since early June 2026 and triggering strong gains across cryptocurrency-linked equities. Strategy remains one of the stock market’s most closely watched proxies for Bitcoin because of its substantial exposure to the cryptocurrency, leaving its shares […]
Coinbase shares surge as crypto optimism and regulatory momentum build
Coinbase (NASDAQ:COIN) shares jumped 7.1% in pre-market trading on Friday as investors responded to a combination of bullish comments from CEO Brian Armstrong, growing expectations of US crypto legislation and a powerful short squeeze across digital asset markets. The advance followed Armstrong’s appearance on CNBC and continued positive sentiment stemming from the recent White House […]
Robinhood shares climb as crypto regulation hopes boost investor sentiment
Robinhood (NASDAQ:HOOD) shares rose nearly 4.9% in pre-market trading on Friday as renewed optimism over US cryptocurrency regulation fuelled buying across digital asset-related stocks. The latest catalyst came after President Donald Trump publicly urged Congress to approve the Clarity Act, proposed legislation designed to establish a clearer regulatory framework for digital assets, including the classification […]
Crypto stocks extend rally as Bitcoin jumps on US regulatory momentum
Cryptocurrency-linked shares continued their advance on Friday as Bitcoin (COIN:BTCUSD) climbed to its highest levels since late May, supported by renewed optimism over US digital asset regulation and improving appetite for risk. The latest gains followed President Donald Trump’s call for lawmakers to establish clearer rules for the cryptocurrency industry, adding regulatory momentum to a […]
US futures edge higher ahead of PMI data as Iran sanctions and oil remain in focus: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street
US stock futures moved modestly higher on Friday as investors awaited fresh business activity data while continuing to assess renewed pressure in bond markets, corporate earnings and Washington’s plans to impose sweeping sanctions on Iran. Discount retailer Ross Stores (NASDAQ:ROST) was also in focus after raising its full-year earnings guidance following stronger-than-expected second-quarter results. US […]
Rising Yields and Surging Oil Send Stocks Lower as Walmart Slides 9%
US stocks retreated on Thursday as a rebound in bond yields and a fresh climb in oil prices rattled investors and pulled all three major indexes lower. The selling picked up after the US Treasury’s surprise market intervention earlier in the week proved short-lived, allowing long-term yields to push back toward multi-decade highs. Adding to […]
Micron unveils $10 billion U.S. research lab focused on memory and AI
Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU) has announced the creation of Micron Research Labs, a new U.S.-based research institution backed by a planned $10 billion investment over the next decade. Headquartered in Boise, Idaho, the initiative will concentrate on next-generation memory technologies, advanced memory and computing architectures, semiconductor packaging and manufacturing. Micron describes the project as the first […]
Wall Street set for lower open as surging oil prices revive inflation concerns: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Futures
U.S. stocks were poised to open lower on Thursday, threatening to reverse part of the previous session’s modest rebound as a sharp rise in crude oil prices renewed concerns about the economic consequences of the continuing conflict in the Middle East. U.S. crude futures surged more than 3% to their highest level in almost a […]
Bernstein upgrades Analog Devices after Q3 beat strengthens growth outlook
Bernstein upgraded Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI) to Outperform from Market Perform and raised its price target to $465 from $430 after the semiconductor group delivered stronger-than-expected fiscal third-quarter results and issued an upbeat outlook for the fourth quarter. Analog Devices reported quarterly revenue of $4.022 billion, ahead of Wall Street expectations of $3.922 billion, while earnings […]
© Copyright 2026
Subscribe to Ad free and enjoy an ad-free experience

                    Try Now
                
Keep the Ads"
86,2026-08-24,"Investing

							Nvidia risks a 20% drop to $165 if it misses earnings, with virtually no margin for error built into its current stock price.													

							Customers Microsoft and Meta are building competing AI chips, threatening the near-monopoly behind Nvidia's $91 billion quarterly revenue forecast.													
The most widely read finance newsletter on Substack isn't published by a bank, it's Doomberg, where 383,000+ readers get the energy and macro analysis the mainstream press misses. 24/7 Wall St. readers save 17% on their first year here.

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Shutterstock 
How low can a stock go if it misses earnings? Well, look at its 52-week low. If that happens to Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction), the stock would drop 20% to $165, where it was in late March. That was when AI suddenly fell out of vogue amid worries it wasn’t the greatest invention of all time.
Oracle(NYSE: ORCL) missed earnings, dropping more than half, but it is considered the weakest of the large tech companies. IBM (NYSE: IBM) fell 20% on a miss, but it is a third-tier company. Before Meta (NASDAQ: META) posted poor results, it fell 20% and is down over 25% for the year.
More broadly, the big question is when investors will sell off the AI sector. Many market experts say it is inevitable. The stocks of the core companies that lead the sector have risen too far too fast.
Nvidia said to expect revenue of $91 billion for the quarter it will report this week. The assumption today is that, as nearly the only game in town for high-end AI chips, the tide of demand will drive it higher, no matter what.
Even if the company hits the $91 billion mark, much of the focus will be on the guidance for the current quarter. Nvidia’s forecast numbers are very exact. Usually it says its forecast will be within a range of 2% up or down from its forecast number.
What sinks Nvidia’s boat? At the top of the list is slowing data center growth, which could be driven by protests that have slowed construction. The Information puts that figure at 500 today, and probably growing.
But what should worry investors more is the jump in corporate statements questioning products from the biggest AI players. Some of these customer companies have throttled back their investments.
And Nvidia’s own customers have started to compete against it. Yahoo recently reported, “The list of companies creating technologies that could reduce the industry’s reliance on Nvidia might be longer than a shopping list for making a traditional mole poblano.” Among these were Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) and Meta.
Nvidia’s upcoming earnings will show whether it has reached the point of even a single weakness. Its stock trades as if it has not. This makes the margin of error on its numbers very, very small.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Douglas A. McIntyre is the co-founder, chief executive officer and editor in chief of 24/7 Wall St. and 24/7 Tempo. He has held these jobs since 2006.
McIntyre has written thousands of articles for 24/7 Wall St. He is an expert on corporate finance, the automotive industry, media companies and international finance. He has edited articles on national demographics, sports, personal income and travel.
His work has been quoted or mentioned in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Los Angeles Times, The Washington Post, NBC News, Time, The New Yorker, HuffPost USA Today, Business Insider, Yahoo, AOL, MarketWatch, The Atlantic, Bloomberg, New York Post, Chicago Tribune, Forbes, The Guardian and many other major publications. McIntyre has been a guest on CNBC, the BBC and television and radio stations across the country.
A magna cum laude graduate of Harvard College, McIntyre also was president of The Harvard Advocate. Founded in 1866, the Advocate is the oldest college publication in the United States.
TheStreet.com, Comps.com and Edgar Online are some of the public companies for which McIntyre served on the board of directors. He was a Vicinity Corporation board member when the company was sold to Microsoft in 2002. He served on the audit committees of some of these companies.
McIntyre has been the CEO of FutureSource, a provider of trading terminals and news to commodities and futures traders. He was president of Switchboard, the online phone directory company. He served as chairman and CEO of On2 Technologies, the video compression company that provided video compression software for Adobe’s Flash. Google bought On2 in 2009.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
It is hard to imagine a company in which the stock will crater if its quarterly revenue is up less…
Disappointing earnings could be a serious setback for Nvidia stock. Other mega tech stocks have suffered sharp declines after falling…
Nvidia has surpassed Microsoft as the world’s most valuable company. However, Microsoft could reclaim the top spot at any time.
It was another miserable day for NVIDIA (Nasdaq: NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) as the stock fell 7.04% today. After closing…
We’re into March, and volatility has returned to markets. Geopolitics aren’t helping. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 2.24% today…
NVIDIA (Nasdaq: NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) saw its Data Center group revenues soar by 427% last quarter, but who is…
It’s Christmas in February for AI investors. Last night Alphabet (Nasdaq: GOOGL | GOOGL Price Prediction) reported earnings and investors weren’t happy…
24/7 Wall St. Key Takeaways: NVIDIA’s valuation largely rides on AI hype. Its P/E ratio of ~90 reflects immense growth…
After NVIDIA (Nasdaq: NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) sunk to $106.30 in early trading, shares battled back to as high as…"
87,2026-08-24,"The Beats 360 are getting leaked left and right, and it looks like they have some significant upgrades."
88,2026-08-24,"The beauty group’s repricing rests on a profit plan it controls, while the low end of its new sales guidance is no faster than the year just ended.
Estee Lauder Companies (EL) stock rose 18.4% over the past week, while the S&P 500 slipped 1.4%. The jump came on Wednesday, when the beauty group reported its fiscal 2026 results and raised its profit margin outlook for fiscal 2027. That raise is what the week was about, and the profit behind it is being driven by overhead cost reductions and structural operational savings.
Beauty did not move as a block: Coty fell 3.9% over the same week, and e.l.f. Beauty’s 11.5% gain is well short of Estee Lauder’s 18.4%. The quarter itself beat, with fiscal Q4 2026 revenue of $3.6 billion, up 6% year over year and ahead of an analyst estimate of $3.54 billion. The forward sales plan moved less. Organic sales grew 3% in fiscal 2026, and management guided fiscal 2027 organic growth of 3% to 5%—meaning no acceleration at the low end.
Operating margin before restructuring charges reached 11.2% in fiscal 2026, up 320 basis points, and management now expects 12.7% to 13.5% in fiscal 2027, a further 150 to 230 basis points, with the top end above its own preliminary view a quarter earlier. A large part of that next step is SG&A rather than gross margin, according to CFO Akhil Shrivastava on the earnings call. The Profit Recovery and Growth Plan carried $823 million of cumulative charges in fiscal 2026, mostly employee-related, and it shows in the operation: media buying in most markets has moved to WPP, and freestanding M·A·C stores have closed where productivity per door did not justify them.
Cash from operations was $1.8 billion in fiscal 2026. For fiscal 2027 management guides $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion, a step down it attributes to higher restructuring payments and working capital, with debt paydown and the dividend first in line. So the margin the market just repriced is still being paid for. The company’s net margin is 1.2%, better than its three-year average of -1.0%, and revenue has only just turned up after averaging -1.7% growth over three years. A company still paying for its own profitability is a different proposition from the Trefis High Quality Portfolio, which holds businesses that already grow, earn strong margins and generate cash.
The demand under the margin is real but narrow. Mainland China grew 9% organically in fiscal 2026 with a sixth consecutive quarter of share gain, and travel retail turned positive in June and July for the first time in three years, led by Hainan. Profitability is still strongest in Skin Care and Asia, with CFO Akhil Shrivastava identifying Makeup, Hair Care, and Fragrance on the call as categories with room to improve, while noting progress across all segments. That is why the margin range matters more than the sales range: it is the number management has already raised against its own preliminary view. Whether it moves again decides whether the re-rating holds, and a screen of companies whose own guidance keeps climbing is where a second move would show up.
Estee Lauder’s turnaround strategy may well keep working, but it rests on one management team delivering one plan. A rules-based portfolio spreads that dependence across businesses chosen for quality they already have, not quality still being rebuilt. That portfolio has a track record of outpacing the three major indices – the S&P 500, S&P Mid-cap, and Russell 2000.

©Copyright 2026 Insight Guru Inc. All Rights Reserved.
By using the Site, you agree to be bound by our Terms of Use. Financial market data powered by Quotemedia.com. Consensus EPS estimates are from QuoteMedia and are updated every weekday. All rights reserved.
NYSE/AMEX data delayed 20 minutes. NASDAQ and other data delayed 15 minutes unless indicated."
89,2026-08-24,"The model turns PDFs and slide decks into video, undercuts Veo on price, and arrives with its weights firmly shut.
Latest model supports multimodal reference inputs enabling static text-heavy data conversion into dynamic video contents up to 30 seconds
Alibaba has launched Wan3.0, the latest version of its video generation model, days after raising roughly $10.2bn in a Hong Kong share placement whose proceeds it has earmarked entirely for AI. The sequencing is not subtle, and it is not meant to be, since the company has spent the past fortnight arguing to investors that its capital expenditure is buying something they can see.
The model had already been running in public beta since early August through Alibaba Cloud’s Model Studio and its Qwen Cloud platform, so Monday’s launch is a widening of access rather than a first appearance. It also lands in a category where Chinese labs have quietly built a commanding position while Western attention has stayed on chatbots.
Wan3.0 generates clips of up to 30 seconds in a single pass, double the 15-second ceiling of its predecessor Wan2.7, at resolutions up to 1080p. Alibaba says the model holds character detail, props, spatial layout, and motion graphics steady across the full length and renders faces with synchronised micro-expressions and multilingual voice output.
The more distinctive feature is what it will accept as input. Alongside text, images, audio, and video, Wan3.0 takes web pages and documents, including PDFs and PowerPoint files, which lets a user hand it a slide deck or a spreadsheet and get back a video that reflects the structure of the source material.
That points the product at marketing departments and corporate communications teams rather than at filmmakers, though Alibaba lists short dramas and social content among the use cases too, along with simulation training for autonomous vehicles and robotics. It is a business tool wearing a creative tool’s clothes.
Pricing follows the same logic. Wan3.0 runs at $0.05 per second at 480p, $0.10 at 720p, and $0.20 at 1080p, which works out at $12 a minute for the top tier against $0.40 per second for the standard tier of Google’s Veo 3.1.
Undercutting the incumbent is a familiar move, though the arithmetic is not entirely one-sided. Several rivals that currently rank above Alibaba’s previous model on independent leaderboards also cost less per minute than Wan3.0 does at 1080p, and Wan3.0 itself has not yet been independently benchmarked at all, which makes the quality claims company-issued for now.
Price pressure in the category is coming from further down the market as well, with an Indian startup recently shipping a video model at half a cent per second and betting that most commercial video never needs frontier quality.
Access is still staged rather than open. The beta runs through Model Studio and Qwen Cloud on an application basis, full API availability is described as rolling out, and a consumer-facing site at wan.video is promised as a members-only platform, which suggests Alibaba is metering demand while it works out what the compute costs it to serve.
Notably, the weights are closed. Alibaba built much of its reputation in this field by open-sourcing the Wan series, and Wan2.2 in July 2025 remains the last video flagship it released that way, a shift that sits alongside its decision to start charging the heaviest users of its open Qwen models.
The commercial case for all of this showed up in the last set of results. Cloud and AI revenue grew 45% to 48.44bn yuan in the June quarter, and AI model services alone now carry more than 16bn yuan in annualised recurring revenue, which is the line the share sale is meant to keep growing.
The cost of getting there was equally visible, with quarterly net profit falling 75% as capital expenditure rose 75% to 67.68bn yuan. Alibaba committed 380bn yuan to AI infrastructure over three years in early 2025 and has been reported to be weighing an increase to 480bn.
Whether Wan3.0 justifies any of that is not a question this week can answer. Video models are expensive to run, buyers switch based on price, and the leaderboards that would settle the argument have not yet had a look at it.



                                    With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding &amp; identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate                                                                        (show all)

With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding & identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate with our target audience in the software/SaaS industry. Collaboration and teamwork are paramount to her, as she loves empowering her colleagues to achieve outstanding results and unlock their full potential.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
90,2026-08-24,"The €320m sale of MHP comes with a €1.25bn services commitment attached, and 4,500 consultants changing employer.
K. Krithivasan, CEO and Managing Director, Tata Consultancy Services and Michael Leiter, Chairman of the Executive Board of Porsche AG. 
Tata Consultancy Services is buying MHP, the management and IT consultancy Porsche has owned for years, for €320m, and signing a five-year engagement with the carmaker worth €1.25bn on top of it.
The two halves are what make the deal worth reading, because Porsche is simultaneously disposing of an asset and committing to buy back a version of what it produced from a firm rebuilding itself around deployed AI engineers.
MHP is a substantial business rather than a captive department. It employs about 4,500 people, generated €742mn of revenue in 2025, and serves more than 300 clients across automotive and industrial sectors, with practices spanning SAP implementation, manufacturing digitalisation, and software-defined mobility.
All 4,500 employees move to TCS when the transaction closes, which both companies expect within three to four months. Porsche will remain a customer rather than an owner, and TCS will set up a dedicated centre of excellence for the carmaker.
“This partnership brings together TCS’ capabilities in AI, engineering, technology and business transformation with MHP’s strong automotive consulting expertise,” said K Krithivasan, the Indian firm’s chief executive. Porsche’s chief executive Michael Leiters framed it as combining the carmaker’s domain knowledge with outside digital capability to strengthen its innovative power.
The commercial logic on Porsche’s side is less about innovation than about a balance sheet under pressure. The disposal is part of a broader turnaround programme at a company squeezed by weak Chinese demand, a costly retreat from its electrification timetable, and tariffs on cars it exports to the United States.
Selling a profitable consultancy and signing a long-term services contract converts a fixed cost base into a variable one, which is a standard move for a manufacturer trying to shrink without losing capability. Whether it also loses institutional knowledge is the part that only becomes visible in a few years.
The Indian IT sector has been buying European consultancies for precisely this reason, since the constraint on growth is no longer engineering capacity but proximity to the client and familiarity with how European industry actually procures. MHP supplies both in a single transaction.
For TCS, the appeal is the client list as much as the technology. Manufacturing accounted for 8.7% of its revenue in the first quarter of its current financial year, and MHP brings 300 industrial and automotive customers along with a European delivery footprint that Indian IT firms have historically found harder to build than their American ones.
Porsche also becomes a marquee logo, which matters in a services market where reference accounts do a lot of selling. TCS has been reshaping itself for exactly this kind of work, hiring thousands of engineers to sit inside customer organisations rather than delivering from a distance.
The underlying problem the deal is aimed at is genuine. European carmakers have spent five years discovering that they are software companies with factories attached, and most of them have been poor at it, with even basic questions like how long a software-defined car should be supported still unresolved across the industry.
Volkswagen Group, which controls Porsche, has been through a particularly expensive version of that lesson with its Cariad software division. Outsourcing to a specialist is the alternative strategy, and this deal is a fairly clear statement about which of the two Porsche now prefers.
It also lands while the wider European automotive sector looks for ways to redeploy engineering capacity, with several manufacturers pivoting towards defence work as electric vehicle demand disappoints and military budgets expand.
The staff is the variable nobody controls. Consultancies are worth what their people are worth, and 4,500 of them are now being told they work for a company headquartered in Mumbai rather than Ludwigsburg, at a moment when European technology talent has plenty of alternatives.
Neither company has said what the €1.25bn buys in practical terms, or which systems the centre of excellence will work on first. The figure is a commitment to spend rather than a description of anything yet built.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
91,2026-08-24,"Microsoft Surface Laptop 3 in Sandstone 

Velocity has been named AdTech Platform of the Year by TVC Analyst as U.S. digital ad revenue hit $294.6B in 2025. The company’s platform turns conversational AI messages into intent signals, matches them with advertisers in real time, and delivers ads natively inside conversations rather than around content. It recently raised $27M from NFX and Red Dot Capital Partners. WARC forecasts global ad spend will reach $1.30T in 2026.
Digital advertising is entering another structural shift. For years, the industry has been organized around webpages, search queries, social feeds, mobile apps, and increasingly connected television. Now, as consumers move from clicking through interfaces to interacting directly with AI systems, the advertising model is beginning to follow them.
That shift is reflected in the latest industry numbers. U.S. internet advertising revenue reached $294.6 billion in 2025, up 13.9% year over year, according to the IAB/PwC Internet Advertising Revenue Report. The report described 2025 as a record year for digital advertising, despite the absence of major cyclical drivers such as the Olympics and U.S. presidential election.
Against this backdrop, Velocity has been named AdTech Platform of the Year by TVC Analyst, following an analyst assessment focused on companies building infrastructure for the next generation of digital advertising. The recognition comes as advertisers and publishers increasingly look beyond traditional formats for ways to reach consumers based on what they actually want in the moment.
The distinction is important. Traditional digital advertising has largely depended on identifying audiences through behavioral, demographic, contextual, or search-based signals. Conversational AI introduces a different kind of signal: the user’s own words, expressed in real time.
Velocity has built its platform around that opportunity. Its technology turns each user message into what it describes as a creative brief, analyzing conversational context and intent before matching the interaction with a relevant advertiser, offer, and message.
The company then generates a tailored advertising experience and delivers it natively within the conversation. Rather than forcing an AI application to interrupt a user with a conventional banner or unrelated promotion, the objective is to make advertising part of the interaction itself.
That approach could become increasingly relevant as digital advertising continues moving toward more personalized experiences. IAB data shows that social advertising generated $88.8 billion in U.S. revenue in 2024, while retail media reached $53.7 billion, demonstrating how valuable first-party and contextual signals have become to advertisers.
Velocity’s platform is structured around three core components: an AI Ad Network, a mediation layer, and a Conversation Manager.
The AI Ad Network connects advertisers and premium demand sources with AI applications, while matching campaigns to user intent. Its mediation technology conducts real-time auctions and provides controls for yield optimization, placements, pacing, frequency capping, and A/B testing.
The Conversation Manager addresses another challenge specific to conversational advertising: extracting useful intent signals without unnecessarily exposing sensitive information. Velocity says the layer filters personally identifiable information and routes anonymized signals to demand sources.
The model is designed to address a fundamental problem facing many AI applications. Users expect generous access to AI products, while every interaction can create infrastructure and inference costs. Advertising offers developers another potential revenue stream beyond subscriptions and usage limits.
The timing of TVC Analyst’s recognition reflects a broader change in the advertising market. WARC forecasts that global advertising expenditure will reach $1.30 trillion in 2026, representing 9.1% growth, with digital platforms capturing most of the incremental spending.
Velocity is positioning itself at the intersection of those trends: the expansion of AI applications, the growing demand for measurable advertising, and the industry’s continued movement toward real-time personalization.
The company also recently raised $27 million in seed funding, with NFX and Red Dot Capital Partners among the investors, to build advertising and monetization infrastructure for AI applications.
For an industry accustomed to serving ads around content, the next frontier may be serving ads inside conversations. TVC Analyst’s recognition of Velocity as AdTech Platform of the Year signals the growing importance of that transition, and the possibility that conversational intent could become one of digital advertising’s most valuable signals.



                                    Kolawole Samuel Adebayo covers technology, business strategy, and economic impact, from AI and cybersecurity to energy and healthcare. He co                                                                        (show all)

Kolawole Samuel Adebayo covers technology, business strategy, and economic impact, from AI and cybersecurity to energy and healthcare. He co-hosts Machine Dreams, a podcast with AI founders and investors, and publishes the BrainBox newsletter.

His work has appeared in Forbes, Fast Company, Inc Magazine, VentureBeat, and more. He draws on direct input from Fortune 500 executives, AI researchers, and political leaders, including former Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett. Connect with him on LinkedIn or X.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
Contributed article. Not produced by the TNW newsroom and does not reflect the editorial stance of TNW.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
92,2026-08-24,"The money lands with weeks to go before the company’s end-of-year deadline for putting IRON on a production line.
XPENG IRON – The Next-Generation Humanoid AI Robot
XPENG said on Monday that its robotics business has raised more than $900M in what the company described as its first funding round, a substantial sum for a unit that has yet to sell a single robot commercially.
The timing is deliberate, since the Chinese carmaker has committed to putting its IRON humanoid into mass production before the end of this year and is running out of calendar to do it in.
IRON was unveiled at XPENG’s AI Day in November 2025 and runs on the same Turing chips the company designed for its own electric vehicles. That shared silicon is the core of the pitch, alongside more than 60 joints, a spine with five degrees of freedom, and a layer of what XPENG calls bionic muscle fascia intended to soften the machine’s movement.
The robot demonstrated publicly is a seventh-generation prototype, with an eighth generation earmarked as the production model. Moreover, the company has said it wants full capability integrated before the production line starts, which is a considerable amount of engineering to compress into the remaining months of the year.
Deployment plans start close to home. The first units are expected to work as showroom assistants and tour guides, patrol XPENG campuses, and take positions on the company’s own factory floors, with commercial deliveries in China and abroad following in 2027.
Putting robots in your own dealerships is becoming a recognisable pattern in the Chinese car industry, with BYD already committing to a humanoid in every showroom. It has the useful property of generating deployment numbers without requiring a customer to be convinced first.
The longer-term target is a million units a year by 2030. He Xiaopeng, XPENG’s chief executive, has said the robots could eventually be priced at levels “very similar to car prices” within five years, and that software accounts for more than half the value of the machine from the first day it ships.
He has also taken personal charge of the division. In an internal note reported earlier this year, he wrote that the robot industry “is becoming increasingly hot and competitive, and we have clearly seen the direction and timing of victory, but it still requires more arduous implementation and extremely high decision-making ability”.
That reshuffle came alongside the departure of Shi Xiaoxin, the senior director of robotics product planning who had overseen the IRON project, which is not the sort of personnel change a company usually makes with a production deadline months away.
One point deserves care. XPENG Robotics, then known as Pengxing Intelligence, completed a $100mn Series A in July 2022, so the description of this as a first round most likely reflects a restructured entity rather than a first-ever raise, and XPENG has not published the investor list or a valuation for the new money.
The capital arrives in a market that has been repricing humanoid companies upwards for two years, with LimX Dynamics reaching a $2.2bn valuation before an IPO and Morgan Stanley doubling its forecast for Chinese humanoid shipments to 50,000 units. Against a million-a-year ambition, that industry-wide figure is a reminder of how early this all is.
Robotics also sits inside a wider reorientation at the company, which now describes itself as a physical AI business spanning humanoids, robotaxis, and flying vehicles rather than a carmaker with side projects. Each of those lines consumes capital on a scale that vehicle sales alone are not currently covering.
The car business is why the money matters, as XPENG reported a 17.6% revenue decline in the first quarter alongside widening net losses, having been profitable the quarter before, and management has been describing robotics, robotaxis, and flying vehicles as the eventual drivers of revenue and profit.
Raising outside capital for the robotics unit keeps that spending off the carmaker’s own balance sheet while the vehicle business works through a difficult year. Whether IRON reaches a production line before December is the question the $900M is meant to answer.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
93,2026-08-24,"A promotional tool built by the Danish postal service in 2015 now has 18 million users, half of them in the United States.
Go Wish logo displayed on a smartphone screen.
GoWish has raised fresh funding at a valuation of more than $200mn, according to Bloomberg, which reported the round on Monday. The company is one of the more unusual businesses to come out of Copenhagen’s startup scene, not least because it did not start as a startup at all.
The app began life in 2015 as Ønskeskyen, or wish cloud, a seasonal promotional tool built by the Danish-Swedish postal operator PostNord. It let people make wishlists and share them with family before Christmas, which turned out to be a habit rather than a campaign.
Danish investor Dotcom Capital bought the app in 2020 and rebuilt it as a commerce business. In January 2025, the London private equity firm Capital D acquired roughly a third of the company in a deal whose value was never disclosed, with Dotcom Capital keeping the remaining two-thirds.
That ownership structure is worth noting because it makes GoWish a private-equity-backed business rather than a venture-funded one, which is a less common path for a Danish consumer app than the route taken by companies like the hardware startup Atech, which raised its pre-seed from Sequoia and a16z. The distinction matters for how patient the capital behind it is likely to be.
Growth since then has been steep by any measure. GoWish counted about 10 million registered users when Capital D invested, 13.6 million by November 2025, and more than 18 million by July of this year, with over nine million of those in the United States.
Its home market is close to saturated. Roughly 3.5 million Danes are registered, which is more than half the population, and the company reached number two on the US App Store during last November’s holiday rush.
The money comes from pointing that intent at retailers. GoWish runs around 65,000 affiliate partnerships and more than 700 direct brand relationships, and it has since built a Global Commerce Media division around a product it calls Wish Signals, which packages what people are adding to their lists as demand data.
The scale of that signal is the pitch. GoWish recorded 194 million wishes in 2024, representing €10.7bn of cumulative buying intentions, which is a figure it is careful to describe as intention rather than revenue.
The accounts show a company that has chosen growth over profit. Gross profit edged up to DKK 72.5mn in 2025 from DKK 70.1mn the year before, but a DKK 11mn profit in 2024 became a DKK 6.2mn loss, with DKK 29.2mn going into research and development and headcount passing 100.
Neither the size of the new round nor the identity of the investors has been independently confirmed, and GoWish has not published either. A valuation above $200mn on gross profit under DKK 75mn implies buyers are pricing the user base and the data rather than the current income statement.
“Wishlists say something about who we are and what we dream about,” chief executive Mads Dahlerup said in July, when the company relaunched its visual identity. Board chairman Rich Waterworth described the American share of the user base as truly exceptional, which is the part of the story investors are most likely to be paying for.
Whether wishlists survive as a category is the open question, given that the platforms GoWish depends on for discovery are steadily absorbing the same function, with Alibaba already wiring its models into end-to-end agentic shopping on Taobao. A list of things someone wants is valuable precisely because it is hard to infer, and several very large companies are now trying to infer it anyway.
For a European consumer app, though, raising anything at this stage of the cycle counts for something, with capital concentrating hard into a handful of very large deals and consumer businesses well down the queue behind AI infrastructure. The next real test arrives in November, when the app finds out whether last year’s holiday spike was a season or a floor.



                                    Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing hi                                                                        (show all)

Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing himself as one of the most connected and respected voices in the ecosystem. At just 23 years old, Cristian was included in the Forbes 30 Under 30 2025 list, representing a new generation of tech builders, bold thinkers who move fast, build with purpose, and create real impact.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
94,2026-08-24,"The Sonova brand says its new HYPERSONIC processor cuts power draw by 37% while running speech separation and scene classification at once.
EON is Phonak’s 3rd generation of real-time AI
Phonak has launched EON, a hearing aid platform built around a newly developed processor the company calls HYPERSONIC, which it says runs two artificial intelligence systems in parallel while drawing 37% less power than the generation before it.
The Sonova-owned brand is pitching the release at the two problems that have defined the category for years, which are understanding speech in noise and making the devices worth what they cost.
The first of the two systems, Spheric Speech Clarity 3.0, uses a deep neural network to separate speech from background noise as it arrives. The second, AutoSense OS AI 8.0, classifies the surrounding sound environment and adjusts which features are running to suit it, so the wearer is not expected to switch programmes manually as they move between a restaurant and a street.
Running both at once is the part the chip is there to make possible. “With the HYPERSONIC chip, we have engineered a significant step forward in power efficiency without compromising real-time AI performance,” said Anders Rosengren, Sonova’s chief R&D officer.
The efficiency gain shows up in physical size and battery life. EON is 25% smaller and 20% lighter than the previous Sphere generation, according to Phonak, and runs for up to 38 hours on a charge, which is generous for a device that has to fit behind an ear and process audio continuously.
On performance, the company cites its own testing rather than third-party benchmarks. Phonak says wearers using Spheric Speech Clarity 3.0 are twice as likely to understand every word spoken from any direction compared with the same hearing aids configured identically but without the feature enabled.
Wind gets its own subsystem. WindBlock 2.0 reduces wind noise by up to 50 dB and can improve the signal-to-noise ratio by as much as 30 dB, which addresses one of the more consistent complaints from people who wear hearing aids outdoors.
The connectivity story is where EON is most clearly aimed at the wider consumer audio market. Phonak describes the platform as Made-For-All, meaning it pairs with essentially any Bluetooth device rather than requiring a particular phone, and it combines Bluetooth Classic with the company’s own Roger Direct wireless microphone protocol and with Auracast.
Auracast matters more than its billing suggests. The broadcast standard, part of the Bluetooth LE Audio specification, lets a venue transmit audio to an unlimited number of receivers at once, so a museum, theatre, or airport gate can send its audio straight into a wearer’s ears instead of through a loop system installed decades ago.
The practical value of that is easiest to see in the places where assistive listening has historically been worst served, such as a departure lounge announcement or a guided tour, since the wearer joins the broadcast directly rather than hunting for a receiver at a desk.
Phonak is shipping three configurations rather than one. Audéo EON Sphere and Audéo EON R both cover mild to profound hearing loss, while CROS EON R is built for unilateral loss, routing sound from the unaided side across to the better ear, and the range comes in eight colours.
“EON sets a new benchmark for intelligent hearing,” said Josipa Kern, global head of Phonak. “It brings together the capabilities that matter most in daily life: understanding speech, adapting automatically and staying connected with confidence.”
Licensed hearing care professionals in the United States could place orders from Monday, with Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Australia, and further markets following in September. Phonak has not published pricing, which is normal for a category sold through clinicians and shaped by national reimbursement schemes rather than list prices.
That distribution model is the quiet context for a launch like this one. Hearing aids remain a prescription-adjacent product fitted by professionals, even as consumer earbuds have moved into the same territory from the other direction, and the specification sheets on both sides are converging faster than the channels that sell them.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
95,2026-08-24,"The Department of Homeland Security wants to charge employers $103,265 for a new H-1B visa, two months after a federal judge struck down a similar fee as unlawful. The proposal spares students already in the US, renewals and universities, and splits about $8.78bn across six agencies.
President Donald J. Trump oversees Operation Epic Fury at Mar-a-Lago, Palm Beach, FL, March 1, 2026.
The US Department of Homeland Security proposed a rule on Monday. It would charge employers $103,265 for a new H-1B visa. Daniel Wiessner reported the filing for Reuters. A federal judge blocked a similar fee in June, calling it unlawful.
H-1B visas let US employers hire foreign workers trained in specialty fields, and the technology sector leans on them heavily. The programme offers 65,000 visas a year, plus another 20,000 for workers with advanced degrees, approved for three to six years. Those visas used to cost between $2,000 and $5,000.
The fee would apply to petitions subject to the annual cap of 85,000 visas. That includes the 20,000 reserved for workers holding a US master’s degree or higher. Employers would pay it on top of existing filing fees.
Nothing changes yet. The Federal Register publishes the notice on 25 August, and the rule must then clear the federal regulatory process. Reuters reported the administration could finalise it by the end of the year.
The rule spares cap-exempt petitions, including many posts at universities and at nonprofit or government research institutions.
It would also spare foreign citizens already in the United States on student visas. They make up a large share of new H-1B recipients. Renewals of current visas escape the charge as well.
Trump first imposed a $100,000 fee by order last year. He invoked the president’s power under immigration law to restrict the entry of foreign nationals who would be detrimental to US interests.
A federal judge ruled it unlawful in June and stopped the government collecting it. A Boston appeals court is reviewing that decision. A separate court weighs a challenge from a major business group.
The order expires in September unless extended, a year after Trump signed it. DHS says the new fee rests on different legal authority.
The proposal splits the revenue across six agencies. US Citizenship and Immigration Services would take about $3bn. The Executive Office for Immigration Review, which runs the immigration courts, would take about $2.96bn.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement would receive roughly $1.05bn and the Labor Department about $1.21bn. The State Department would get about $484m and Customs and Border Protection around $76m. Billal Rahman listed the split for Newsweek.
Those allocations add up to about $8.78bn. The annual cap of 85,000 visas, charged at $103,265 each, comes to about the same figure.
DHS says the money would fund adjudications, fraud detection and national security vetting. It also lists labour compliance enforcement, visa screening, immigration court operations and border biometric systems.
The US Chamber of Commerce is challenging the fee, alongside Democratic-led states and a coalition of unions and employers. The plaintiffs could amend those suits to cover the new rule once it is final.
The challengers make two arguments. Trump’s power to restrict entry does not let him override the law that created the H-1B programme, they say. And the Homeland Security Department cannot impose fees or taxes to raise revenue without permission from Congress.
The administration says the fee is not a traditional tax. Courts have little power to question presidential authority over entry into the country, it argues.
About 70 employers had paid the $100,000 fee, across 85 visa applications, as of late February. That figure comes from court filings cited by Reuters.
Employers registered for about 344,000 H-1B visas last year, on figures from US Citizenship and Immigration Services. That is down more than 25% from 2024.
It is also fewer than half the 794,000 registrations sought in 2023.
The fee is one piece of a wider overhaul. The administration has ordered enhanced vetting of H-1B applicants. It has also proposed replacing the lottery with a weighted system favouring higher-paid and higher-skilled workers.
It has also proposed scrapping the grace period that lets laid-off H-1B workers stay while they look for another job.
Earlier this month DHS added fees of up to $4,500 to applications to extend an H-1B worker’s stay, or to move an employee into the United States from abroad. That charge arrived in a separate rule covering the 9/11 response and biometric entry-exit fee.
Newsweek also reported that DHS is weighing a $100,000 charge on F-1 graduates who want to join Optional Practical Training, the post-graduation work scheme international students rely on.
Trump and other critics say companies abuse the visa to replace American workers with cheaper foreign labour. They argue it suppresses wages and narrows opportunities for American graduates. Business groups counter that they cannot find enough qualified American workers for some jobs. They say the route lets them fill specialised roles in fields such as engineering and software development.
Newsweek reported the proposal is likely to intensify a long-running divide among Republicans over high-skilled immigration.
The dispute is not hypothetical for the industry. OpenAI paid $3.2m to settle a US claim that it favoured visa workers over Americans.
The domestic labour market it is meant to protect is moving on its own. New York now has more tech workers than San Francisco for the first time.
In India, Nomura found AI creating more jobs than it destroys. Chinese AI and chip companies are handing out equity to hold on to their engineers.
At $103,265, one cap-subject hire would cost an American employer more than twenty times the old fee.



                                    Alina Maria Stan builds connections that people actually feel. As co-founder and COO of Tekpon, she turns product intuition into real moment                                                                        (show all)

Alina Maria Stan builds connections that people actually feel. As co-founder and COO of Tekpon, she turns product intuition into real moments of discovery, shaping how teams find and adopt SaaS every day. Since 2020, she has led Tekpon’s brand voice, media strategy, and growth plays with a clear focus on human outcomes behind every metric.
Before Tekpon, Alina followed curiosity across industries and countries. She was CEO of King Casino Bonus and led affiliate and brand strategy at Extremoo Media and Fable Media in Denmark, where she learned how to build partnerships that last. Early on, she sharpened her CRM and pricing instincts at K.H. ApS, always asking why customers choose what they choose.
Her approach is rooted in more than a decade of international experience and two master’s degrees, one in Sustainable Consumption from the Technical University of Munich and one in Consumer Affairs Management from Aarhus University.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
96,2026-08-24,"If you’re blessed enough that you haven’t had blood drawn in a while, you might not have thought much about the process. You might imagine that a needle goes in, a syringe is drawn back, and the venous blood is thusly collected. Indeed, it can be done that way.
However, there is an altogether niftier and more efficient method of fast blood collection for pathology testing. It’s all about using vacuum and smart design to ease the work of phlebotomists, while maintaining a sterile and safe environment.

These days, if you get blood collected for testing, there’s a plenty good chance you’ll have it drawn into a vacutainer. It’s named as a portmanteau of “vacuum” and “container” because that’s fundamentally what the system relies upon. A vacutainer is a glass or plastic tube which holds a vacuum inside, sealed with a stopper. That vacuum can be used to help extract fluids to be stored inside the container—namely, blood, in most cases.
The method of use is relatively straightforward. A vacutainer needle is inserted into a patient’s vein to access the blood. The vacutainer needle does not have a typical syringe draw. Instead, the back end of the needle sits inside a plastic housing which accepts vacutainer tubes. There is a flexible rubber seal on the back end of the needle so blood doesn’t leak out when no tube is connected.
When a vacutainer tube is inserted into the housing, the vacutainer needle pierces the stopper of the tube. The vacuum inside then draws blood from the vein into the tube for collection. When full, the tube can be removed and it self-seals as the needle comes out of the stopper. Another tube can be quickly clipped into the vacutainer needle housing to draw further blood if more is needed, without leaks or mess causing contamination issues.
Vacutainer tubes are, by design, single use. They’re manufactured to capture a set quantity of blood for testing, based on the level of vacuum in the tube at the time it is sealed, and are disposed of after use. Labels are often included on the tubes allowing patient information to stay with the blood itself. Tubes have a shelf life, as with most medical paraphernalia, in particular since they may not maintain vacuum indefinitely.
The tubes are also typically filled with various additives in order to best preserve and prepare the blood while it awaits testing, and stoppers are color-coded to indicate this. The precise additives used are highly dependent on the testing required. A tube for a standard blood culture draw will typically be filled with sodium polyanethol sulfonate, which acts as an anti-coagulant, with growth media also present for microorganisms.
Coagulation tests will use tubes with sodium citrate inside, while a test for lead will often use a tube with sodium EDTA chelator inside. Some basic blood component tests will use a plain tube with no additives, while others are highly specific—tuberculosis testing often uses purpose-made tubes with antigen additives ready to go. Some tubes include special serum-separating agents which help with splitting blood into its component parts when shaken or centrifuged, useful for certain tests that look at different blood cell types individually.
If you’ve ever dared to watch while having your blood drawn in this manner, the technology can look quite swish. The tubes are easy to hotswap without leaking any blood and several tubes can be filled in under a minute once the phlebotomist has found an appropriate vein.
However, the technology is not particularly new. It was developed all the way back in 1947 by Joseph Kleiner, though other vacuum-based blood draw techniques existed previously. His goal in developing the technology was to ease patient discomfort and reduce the spillage of blood. This stemmed from his experience seeing his terminally-ill wife suffer multiple needle punctures whenever multiple blood tests were required, and seeing the mess caused when syringes were emptied into test tubes for processing and testing. His inspiration was seeing vacuum-sealed tubes used by the military to transport blood during World War II; the product he developed would later reach the market in 1949. They had the benefit of keeping the blood from exposure to air, reduced the number of punctures required along with the chance of needle stick injuries and infection, and ensured blood was collected in standard volumes and conditions, which aided clinical accuracy. Plastic versions were developed by medical supplier Becton Dickinson in the 1960s, and have become widely popular in the phlebotomy field since.
If you’re not in the medical field, and you’ve managed to avoid regular blood tests, you probably haven’t even noticed vacutainers. Alternatively, you might simply live in an area where their use is uncommon, or you’ve just been intently looking away while your blood has been drawn. In any case, they remain a neat little bit of technology that makes a messy, hazardous, medical process as clean and tidy as possible.
Featured image: “Drawing Test tubes different colors” by [Goldmund100].
The most unusual blood draw I’ve ever had was for a highly specialized rheumatological test (don’t remember the specifics) where the vacutainer was immediately put into a cryogenic container and then shipped off to a specialized lap somewhere else in the US.
“…the technology can look quite swish.”
Maybe gen-X brain just isn’t up on the slang of the current generation, but I really don’t know what the author means here.
It probably means “swell” :-)
Oh, like “the bees knees”, or “peachy keen”, or “neat-o”, or “boss”, or “sick”, or “rad”?  Okay, yeah, that’s cool then but I don’t use slang in writing.
“that’s cool”
Combine with mosquito inspired needles.
I remember seeing the stinging nettle patch type in development decades ago, it’s odd that it’s still not really taken off that much.
“If you’re blessed enough that you haven’t had blood drawn in a while,…”
If you’re blessed enough that you have had blood drawn every 56/84 days for a voluntary blood donation, you think about this process every time.
FTFY
But blood donations work without vacuum don’t they?
Pretty sure at least mine were “just” a bigger needle and then letting the blood flow on its own into a blood bag on a “shaker” that weights the bag and “stops” the draw when it has the ~0,5l (notifies the donor / staff with a beeping noise).
Honestly always wondered how the pull on these was so quick and how exactly it works. Great article!
They are very neat, the order of use also matters.
The classic ones are the light blue used for clotting tests uses a specific amount of additives. If you try to fill them first then they under fill since they need to take up the air in the line.
But you can also risk contamination, so you can also find plain tubes partly to go first and empty the line before you start your draw.
The other classic is blood cultures often you’d want aerobic and anaerobic draws.
You obviously would not want to draw the anaerobic one first and find it full of air and oxygen! You also need to of course be sterile with the draw to avoid contamination.
For whatever reason the culture bottles are big glass bottles.
Sometimes its just colour coding for specific tasks and they might be otherwise identical. Purple is EDTA and Lilac/pink K2 EDTA. The purple is probably also K2 EDTA (or well could be).
But the pink is for the specific task of cross matching blood for transfusion and you don’t want that to happen by accident hence splitting it away from the often used purple. It will be bigger usually and have stricter labeling requirements.
Please be kind and respectful to help make the comments section excellent. (Comment Policy)
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed."
97,2026-08-24,"Last November, Cierra Barrera arrived at the restaurant in Grand Rapids, Michigan, at 9 the night before it opened—and she wasn’t the first. More than a dozen people were already set up in front of her. For the next 13 hours, Barrera waited, vlogging her entire experience as temperatures dipped into the 40s and a brief morning rain washed over the crowd.
Still, everyone remained. It was worth it. After all, this wasn’t just any restaurant. It was Raising Cane’s.
“I’m kind of embarrassed, because I’ve never actually done this before, and there’s already people here,” she exclaimed in the video. “I’m thinking, This is a little too early, nobody’s going to be here. But people are here.”
She told me later: “When I got ahead of when Cane’s was opening in my city, I made sure to put it in my calendar.”
You should expect no less for Raising Cane’s, a chicken-finger spot that inspires something close to religious devotion among its growing flock. It recently surpassed KFC to become America’s third-biggest chicken chain, and it’s hot on the heels of Popeyes too. (Princely Chick-fil-A remains far and away No. 1, but never say never.) In the past five years alone, the chain has doubled its domestic sales to nearly $5 billion and opened more than 250 restaurants in the U.S.
Cane’s secret sauce—besides the beloved Cane’s Sauce itself—is those fans. They are not like other fast-food fans. They are evangelists who worship at its Texas toast–padded altar. Caniacs, as they are called, camp out overnight and cause traffic pileups at new locations. About 250 people slept outside the Charlotte, North Carolina, store the night before it opened in February, when the temperature hit a low of 25 degrees. Hordes of international influencers have flown to the U.S. specifically to try the crispy chicken and that renowned dipping sauce.
Their devotion knows few limits.
At the Times Square location at noon on a steaming Wednesday in August, I got a taste of just how intense the fandom has become. Tourists hauled their suitcases over the doorstep into the fray, fresh off a flight or rushing to make one, if only they could get one last chicken finger first.
“Get a video of the DJ—it’s only here,” one woman told her husband over pounding Bruno Mars, clutching her fanny pack. Another couple, wearing designer sunglasses, told me that they had traveled here all the way from Italy to try Cane’s. That’s about all they could say in English.
Standing by the DJ booth with an armful of shopping bags, a tourist named Paul told me that he and his son have taken several trips from the Philippines to the States. “We try to come to Cane’s every time,” he said. “He loves it.”
The mania is intense for a chain that entered the American market relatively recently. Todd Graves, who is still co-CEO, opened the first location 30 years ago this month—Aug. 28, 1996, to be exact—across the gates from Louisiana State University. That’s 60 years after KFC opened its doors in Kentucky.
“At that time, I saw a gap that needed to be filled in the market,” Graves, who named the restaurant after his dog, told me. “Many concepts were offering chicken tenders, but none were craveable. It’s that craveability that sets us apart, and the way we’ve been able to maintain that is by focusing on doing one thing and doing it better than anyone else.”
Indeed, Cane’s does only one thing, and that thing is chicken. Every single Cane’s meal has basically the same components: chicken, fries, toast, sauce, and sometimes coleslaw. That’s it. All of this rests on the hook of one single (chicken) finger. Compared to other quick-service competitors, who are increasingly offering labyrinthine menus with new products rolled out seasonally and limited runs of nostalgia items, Cane’s menu feels sparse, with a sort of Steve Jobs Apple-era minimalism. Except for chicken.
Could all this hype really be for a chicken finger? What is happening here? The more I looked into the cult of Cane’s, the more I understood how the country’s most obsessed-over digit-shaped delicacy took America by storm, slowly and then all at once.
Historically, chicken was a bit of an afterthought in fast food. America’s predominant drive-through fixation has been the beef: Burger King’s Whopper, McDonald’s Big Mac, White Castle’s sliders (widely acknowledged as the first fast food in America), Arby’s litany of meats. Chicken was something of a side act to the main stage, marketed primarily as a kid’s-meal option. But in the latter half of the 20th century, new research about the dangers of cholesterol and fat in beef began to shift consumer tides toward leaner proteins. To meet that demand, massive corporate farms also began churning out chicken, lowering the cost of the meat. Chicken not only became a more affordable option; it started being associated with less health risk.
Chicken now holds its own as a fast-food category. Americans eat twice as much chicken today as they did in the 1970s, and fast-food places focusing specifically on chicken began swallowing truly staggering amounts of market share. Bojangles, the Southern fried chicken drive-through, began in 1977; Zaxby’s, Wingstop, and Raising Cane’s all opened in the 1990s. Dave’s Hot Chicken was founded just nine years ago, in 2017. Even international chains like Jollibee, the popular Filipino fried chicken spot, has spread throughout the U.S. in recent years.
The competition in the chicken landscape is likewise intense, and corporations are battling to capture audience attention with different chicken offerings. Nothing illustrates this better than the great “Chicken Sandwich Wars” of 2019, when Popeyes decided to put its fried chicken on a bun and top it with mayo and two pickle slices— and it sold out within a month. The chain had officially entered chicken sandwich territory, and this quickly spurred a massive fight with the OG sandwich maker Chick-fil-A, with the two brands throwing jabs at each other online for weeks. By January 2021, more than 20 American fast-food brands had introduced or rereleased chicken sandwiches, including Panda Express, which launched an Orange Chicken Sandwich.
For nonsandwiches, the chicken war is fought in sauces, suitable terrain for blank-canvas fried chicken and consumers who increasingly expect their food to be modifiable. (Think of it as the Starbucks menu effect.) Wingstop offers 13 different dipping sauces, and Buffalo Wild Wings boasts 23 different flavorings. Chili’s infamous Triple Dipper allows diners to dunk everything from its honey-chipotle chicken crispers (read: fingers) to its fried mozzarella sticks into any number of dipping sauces. Dave’s Hot Chicken quickly rolled out its own version, the Big Trio.
But while all these chains rush to roll out more seasonal offerings and limited-edition menu items, Raising Cane’s is sticking to its guns. It offers one finger and one sauce—no more.
“I’m always asked if I plan to add anything to the menu, and the answer is always no,” Graves told me. “You don’t need to be all things to all people, and too often brands are chasing trends or limited-time offerings that distract their crew from focusing on what made them successful to begin with.”
In some ways, Cane’s is winning the chicken wars by not really fighting them at all. The menu, embracing its red-hued simplicity, almost reads as a rebuke to its competitors. It’s essentially just the chicken listed in different quantities: basket of fingers, box of fingers, finger sandwich (in some places), or a single-finger add-on. Dave’s Hot Chicken has adopted a similar premise for its spicier entry into the market, but for many Caniacs, nothing beats the stripped-down glory of the original.
Is there a downside to this approach? Ari Felhandler, an analyst for the research firm Morningstar focusing on the food and drink industries, said that although keeping the menu tight allows costs to remain low and operations to remain relatively streamlined, it may also prevent the brand from remaining agile to meet constantly changing consumer tastes and avoid potential disruptions to its supply chain.
“We think the firm’s concentration may also limit its ability to penetrate markets as deeply as more diversified peers like McDonald’s,” Felhandler said.
Indeed, every fast-food brand is trying to find a new, louder way into the game. This year, Taco Bell released the limited-run Diablo Dusted Crispy Chicken Nuggets, and there are rumors that the chain is quietly testing out a Chicken Caesar Dorito Burrito, all in an attempt to get a little bit of real estate in the chicken sphere. Even though it has been known for burgers since it opened in the 1940s, McDonald’s has seen its chicken fare generate sales commensurate with beef, at about $25 billion in 2023, CEO Christopher Kempczinski said during a fourth-quarter earnings call. The chain rolled out three new chicken items at the end of last year, including permanently bringing back the Y2K-era McCrispy Strips.
Graves, for his part, seemed unmoved by all this when we spoke. Perhaps because he has something better than Diablo Dust.
At the Raising Cane’s in Times Square, it felt like being inside a very red megachurch. Pushing through the glass double doors, I found every inch of the restaurant pulsating with some kind of sensory experience. Oversized disco balls hung overhead, casting flecks of light onto the couches, which were shaped like the brand’s beloved Texas toast. The rest of the ceiling was lined in a digital screen displaying a close-up of fried chicken, and the walls were lit up with electric signs reading things like “Caniac Corner” and the brand’s motto, “One Love.”
Every single Formica-topped table was packed to the brim. A thick queue of customers waited for the self-order kiosks. At least 20 more crowded by the pickup stand. Gaggles of British tourists with fur coats and spray tans jostled for seating, clutching their outerwear to their chests for space as they scouted for a table to open up. One man pushed past me with a backpack, shouting agitatedly about fried chicken.
After several rounds of prowling, three friends and I managed to grab a table at the front, right by the DJ booth, which was blaring every single Top 40 song from 2016 in succession, including three Ed Sheeran club remixes. The DJ was silhouetted by a large window display of a gigantic, human-sized plastic re-creation of Raising Cane’s chicken tenders and crinkle-cut fries being dipped into a tub of Cane’s Sauce. I heard, in preparation for this story, that the DJ occasionally requests that visitors form a conga Iine. I eyed him suspiciously. It was 5 p.m. on a weekday.
“Raising Cane’s is a step above other fast-food chicken forms,” one friend explained to me, a non-Caniac, over his three-finger combo. “The quality of the chicken is way better, so it’s worth it to spend a little more than you would at, like, a McDonald’s. It’s just not the same experience.”
Being a Cane’s newbie, I felt dubious about this pitch. How different can a chicken finger actually be? But seeing the chicken in front of me, I had to admit that it really didn’t seem like the same experience at all. The chicken is visually distinct from what I’ve historically known a chicken tender to look like. Mostly: It’s really wet. My friend held up a chicken finger for me to inspect. It was almost limp with moisture, and there was an obvious contrast between where the breading ended and the chicken began. Unlike a McNugget or a chicken fry, both of which are primarily taut pieces of dry stuff that exist as vehicles for sauce, the Cane’s version is obviously and unmistakably chicken. The meat was so glistening that it caught the light of the disco ball. It tore easily into pieces.
I took a bite of the buttery Texas toast and the crinkle-cut fries, then dipped them into the creamy, peppery Cane’s Sauce, which tasted something like pickled ranch. Fat and salt. But it really is that chicken. Especially in this setting, the fingers here just feel posher than other fast food (that is, if you consider eating fried chicken under a gigantic disco ball to be posh).
Yes, Raising Cane’s is somewhat more expensive than other brands. Three combo meals and an additional drink ran my group about $50. A three-finger meal for $12.39 feels relatively steep in the reenergized era of the value menu. I asked my panel of chicken eaters if that was too expensive for fast food.
“You need to think about this in relation to the other fast-food places,” one of my friends argued. “Think about what the chicken is usually like at other chains—the nuggets and tenders and stuff. Imagine that’s all that’s in your area. You don’t have a Cane’s near you. And then it finally opens, you go try it out, and you taste this.”
Right now, there’s a halo of rarity around Raising Cane’s due to its newness, which likely adds to the psychosis. For reference, as of this March, there were 953 Cane’s locations nationwide, as opposed to 2,361 Wingstop locations and 3,413 Chick-fil-A locations. And those numbers pale in comparison to more-ubiquitous quick-service brands like McDonald’s, which operates 13,827 locations across the country, or Starbucks, with 16,875. In the same way that regional brands like Shake Shack and In-N-Out have maintained cult followings for their novelty, Cane’s has no doubt benefited from the same kind of rarefied air.
Even my chicken-tasting panel had thoughts about what constitutes an actual Cane’s. “The real Raising Cane’s experience is in the suburbs,” a friend declared. Another nodded. “You have to imagine that you just finished volleyball practice and the JV squad is having a horrendous season to really get the full picture.” Everyone solemnly agreed.
It won’t be long before that’s not true, though. Raising Cane’s is one of the fastest-growing quick-service restaurants in the country. Graves told me he plans to continue expanding nationwide, and even across the world. The chain opened seven new locations in May, 12 in June, five in July, and seven in August. Aggressive expansions typically come with plenty of risk: an immediate strain on resources, profit instability, and possibly outgrowing the existing business model. But the reason to keep on growing is clear. Cane’s is having a moment, and the chain doesn’t want to miss it.
The chain also leans into the hype of new locations. It raffles off free Cane’s for a year to a “Lucky 20” customers who show up within the first few hours of an opening, offering Caniacs another reason to camp outside in the parking lot. Of course, there’s the DJs and giveaways, plus prizes for the first visitors in line. It’s the gift that keeps on giving: They stoke the flames, and the flames reward them back. Local news coverage and social media posts about the lines, traffic, and campers get the Cane’s name in front of plenty of people who would’ve never heard about the chain in the first place. (For her part, Barrera, in Grand Rapids, told me she ultimately found the chaos at the store opening a little disconcerting—but she kept vlogging all the same.)
It’s an aggressive expansion tactic, but it works, and the chain is able to do it probably because it’s still privately owned. “Cane’s is one of few founder-led companies of its size,” Graves said. “It’s important to me and my family to be involved in every aspect of the business, and I want our customers to know that.”
Felhandler, the analyst, agreed that because Cane’s doesn’t have to answer to shareholders, that likely allows it to adapt more quickly to the market, a crucial ability in a competitive landscape desperate to meet fickle consumer tastes as quickly as possible. He added that franchise-heavy chains often struggle because the hundreds to thousands of independent owners don’t always agree with corporate leadership on things like menu prices, labor practices, and operations standards.
It’s clear that Raising Cane’s leadership is aware of these advantages, as it has zero intentions of going public in the near future. “We use a traditional line of credit to be able to fund our growth and have the capital that is needed to grow our business,” co-CEO AJ Kumaran told CNBC. “We take a very long-term viewpoint in the business, and we have no interest in going public or taking private investments.”
In other words, for now Caniacs are safe in their chicken-finger fiefdom, free from gimmicks in their food—save those for the DJ booth. What happens in the coming years remains to be seen. As Graves is well aware, the flock will be watching.
Despite Raising Cane’s measured approach, the real engine of its recent success may be outside the restaurant entirely.
Two British girls standing outside the restaurant in New York, surrounded by all their check-in suitcases on the hot concrete sidewalk, told me they had just landed in the U.S. for a summer camp in Pennsylvania, but that they first went to visit their brother, who had been in the city for three weeks. He had already gone to Cane’s three times.
There’s a palpable sugar high that has spread throughout the Cane’s brand and its customers. And that has played out online. The clicky videos, the snaking lines of customers, the grandiose launch parties—it echoes similar consumer hype trends of the past, like McDonald’s hyperviral Travis Scott Meal or infamous Rick and Morty–fueled Szechuan Sauce incident. Like many other internet-fueled food crazes, Cane’s enthusiasm often spills offline in surprisingly tangible ways. Fans trade tips in online communities and treat new locations as pilgrimages.
The craze is reflected on social media, where fried chicken has had a renaissance. Mukbangers, content creators who eat grotesque amounts of food on camera, frequently feature fried chicken. They crunch into every flavor of Wingstop and rack up millions of views; they clean Korean fried chicken drums in one fell bite, without leaving a trace of meat on the bone. And, notably, they eat Cane’s, whether it’s buying entire orders of just Texas toast or dunking their entire hand into a fountain cup of Cane’s Sauce and licking it off their fingers.
Viral marketing has been a core part of Raising Cane’s success. Sure, celebrities often partner with fast-food restaurants to release collaboration meal deals, but Cane’s A-listers also seem to evangelize the brand itself. There’s Cardi B using Raising Cane’s moisturizing sauce in her skin care routine. There’s Ice-T giving out iced tea at the Times Square location. Love Island USA star Olandria Carthen walked the Raising Cane’s runway during New York Fashion Week in a Caniac-red gown designed by influencer Joe Ando-Hirsh.
Graves is a regular face in all of this, going on beloved YouTube shows like Mythical Kitchen and hanging out with the likes of Glen Powell on camera, all in the name of Cane’s. He positions himself as a guy who wants to have a good time and who throws tentpole pop-culture events. It’s rare to see a fast-food CEO as public as Graves is—that can be risky, as the McDonald’s CEO can attest—but it’s another way the company is meeting its customers where they are. Although other CEOs have historically remained in the shadows, Graves is often splashed all over the brand pages. (To be fair, co-CEO Kumaran is rarely seen on the company TikTok page, and only Graves spoke with me for this piece.)
“When I first started Raising Cane’s in 1996, we obviously didn’t have social media, but once I started to learn how to leverage it in a way that was authentic and genuine, that was a true unlock,” Graves said. “I have a lot of celebrity friends, and we’re always partnering with them around peak cultural moments, whether that be the Super Bowl, Winter Olympics, the drop of a new album, or anything in between.”
Graves said that no one believed in this business model when he first set out to open his restaurant. “I had this idea for a restaurant that focused on just that, and when I put it into a business plan in college, it actually got the lowest grade in the class,” he said. “I was told it wouldn’t work, but that just made me more determined to prove that a focused concept would work.”
Despite some critics, it’s clear that so far he’s been right. “It’s deeply personal to me,” Graves said. “I always say I believe that God made me good at chicken fingers to help people. I know it sounds crazy, but it’s true.”
Melting on the sidewalk of Midtown Manhattan, sipping an iced sweet tea that tourists have taken 16-hour flights to try, I watched the hordes of tourists push their shopping and suitcases through the heavy glass doors, immediately enamored by the dulcet tones of EDM Ed Sheeran. Maybe this does help them somehow. I certainly felt different in there.
Slate is published by The Slate
          Group, a Graham Holdings Company.
All contents ©
        2026
        The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved.

        Slate relies on advertising to support our journalism. If you value our
        work, please disable your ad blocker. If you want to block ads but still
        support Slate, consider subscribing.
      

        Already a member?
        Sign in
          here
"
98,2026-08-24,"
By Jamie Lang | 08/24/2026 7:58 am   | Be the First to Comment!
Sign up to get our news digest — delivered directly to your inbox twice a week.


					This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.				
Earlier this month, Disney reported quarterly revenue of $25.25 billion and operating income of $5.6 billion, increases of 7% and 21%, respectively.
So, of course, starting in 2027, the company’s employees will no longer be able to enroll their spouses in company health insurance plans if those spouses have access to coverage through their own employers. Notably, the change applies even when the alternative coverage offers substantially worse benefits.
According to Puck, which broke the news, more than 200,000 Disney employees were notified of the change, which could remove thousands of spouses from the company’s plans. Lower-paid and hourly employees are likely to be the hardest hit, particularly if switching to a spouse’s employer-provided insurance brings higher premiums, deductibles, or out-of-pocket costs.
The restriction is one of several changes being made to Disney’s ironically named “Total Rewards” program, which covers employee compensation and benefits. In an internal communication cited by Puck, the company attributed the decision to “rising healthcare costs, evolving employee needs, and shifts across our industry.”
The benefit cuts arrive early in new CEO Josh D’Amaro’s tenure and shortly after Disney staged a lavish D23 presentation to pimp its upcoming projects, titles, park additions, and merchandising plans. Behind the lights and effects, the company has spent much of this year reducing its workforce and trimming costs.
Disney has already carried out three rounds of layoffs this year, including cuts at Pixar, where it dismissed about 150 employees in July. Those reductions came despite a strong box-office year for the animation studio, which has several other major IP returns coming up that seem like almost surefire profit machines.
The company also added another $1 billion to its stock-buyback plans, bringing the annual total to at least $9 billion. Stock buybacks reduce the number of Disney shares on the market, potentially increasing the value of those still held by investors. The company is therefore committing billions to supporting shareholder value while reducing healthcare benefits for employees and their families.
Surely employees whose families are losing their coverage will take solace in the fact that investor portfolios are thriving.
Jamie Lang is the Publisher and Editor-in-Chief of Cartoon Brew.
By Cartoon Brew Connect | 1 month ago
By Cartoon Brew Connect | 5 months ago
By Cartoon Brew Connect | 4 months ago
By Jamie Lang | 7 hours ago
By Jamie Lang | 8 hours ago
By Jamie Lang | 10 hours ago
By Jamie Lang | 11 hours ago
By Jamie Lang | 3 days ago
By Jamie Lang | 3 days ago
By Jamie Lang | 3 days ago
By Jamie Lang | 3 days ago
By Jamie Lang | 3 days ago
By Jamie Lang | 3 days ago
By Jamie Lang | 4 days ago
By Jamie Lang | 4 days ago
Sign up to get our news digest — delivered directly to your inbox twice a week.


					This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.				"
