,date,content
0,2025-10-12,"
					
						
						Become a fan of Slashdot on Facebook


Nickname:



Password:



Nickname:



Password:



The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them.  We are not responsible for them in any way.

Tesla Truck?
""Nobody wants to hear this because this is a forum full of old farts and we don't like change and we want to keep driving our cars and our SUVs.""
We don't want to hear it because it's a pathetic lie, refuted countless times already.
It's also not innovative because solar powered EVs have been around since the Tesla Roadster.
You know, solar panels on roofs have been a thing for a long time, and it's not a huge stretch to take the power they make, and shove it in an EV. Viola, solar powered EV.
Sure it's not a car with built in solar panels, but the average area of a car does not provide enough power to go anywhere - given practical shading and other aspects, you might get a kilowatt or two out of the solar panels. A car with a 50kWh batt 
Aren't much better because of tire particulate.A one-wheeled car [wp.com]. One third the particulates of an Aptera.
Aren't much better because of tire particulate.
A one-wheeled car [wp.com]. One third the particulates of an Aptera.
> I said it here a thousand times
Repetition does not reduce wrongability. There's your problem.
Most of that smog you see is tire particulate.An issue of terminology. Smog is a broad term that describes multiple phenomena. From ground-level ozone, such as the photochemical formation of ozone, and the most ""traditional"" meaning of smog. To simply trapped particles and exhaust in the air from industry, cars, and homes running their furnaces in the winter.For the photochemical case you find in sunny cities in a valley, that's not tire particles that's ozone and VOCs (volatile organic compounds) and NOx. With all of the NOx being the biggest portion 
Most of that smog you see is tire particulate.
An issue of terminology. Smog is a broad term that describes multiple phenomena. From ground-level ozone, such as the photochemical formation of ozone, and the most ""traditional"" meaning of smog. To simply trapped particles and exhaust in the air from industry, cars, and homes running their furnaces in the winter.
For the photochemical case you find in sunny cities in a valley, that's not tire particles that's ozone and VOCs (volatile organic compounds) and NOx. With all of the NOx being the biggest portion 
OTOH there are actual Apteras on the roadways... only about three of them, but they do exist, at least in prototype form.
They make fusion reactors??
^^^This^^^
This is the 3rd (fourth?) incarnation of this company in 20 years.  Nobody is going to buy these things and investors will watch as the stock plummets after the hyped up IPO.  Best to watch this train wreck from the sidelines.
But prospective owners can run out and get a motorcycle license in advance just in case any of these make it into production and they want to own a collectible curiosity.
Best,
A little ahead of its time but perfect after ""The Fall"" - especially in the Outback.
Soon after a company has an IPO, an algorithmic change begins in the company which invariably results in a total loss of ethics. Google used to be an cool company and then they had their IPO. It was large and had plenty of people to work upon/trade out so it took a while but like those that came before it, Google lost all concern for ethics.
All concerns about environmental impact are 100% going out the door and since it's a small company, it shouldn't take long at all. I wouldn't even be surprised if it completely self-destructs by new leadership going with an ""AI-driven approach"" that terminates vital workers.
Yes, and you assume Aptera was driven by environmental impact at all.  It was not.  Aptera originated as an aerodynamic idea among college students.  They originally wanted to sell very cheap ICE cars, mileage was a way to low operating costs.  For Aptera, it is the shape of the car that is the beginning and end of the thinking at that company.  Environmental impact is just a marketing strategy, and the evil has already set in. Pervasive dishonesty is already clear, starting with the claim that it is a sola 
Environmental impact is just a marketing strategy, and the evil has already set in.So, when did you become psychic?
Environmental impact is just a marketing strategy, and the evil has already set in.
So, when did you become psychic?
The Aptera is NOT a solar powered car (by their own private admissions), the Aptera was conceived as an ICE car, transitioned after a long trail of tears and bankruptcy to a BEV, then had solar panels bolted on very recently.  Aptera is a very traditional BEV that can benefit from solar, just like all other BEVs can.  The difference is that the panels are on the car, the worst possible solution.
And those solar panels, if you buy the optional maximum number, provide UP TO 40 miles a day, typical will be less and far less with the standard configuration.
Even worse, the Aptera is a 2 seat car with extremely low function and gets by through avoidance of safety regulations that apply to typical cars.  Even with its radical design and low drag profile, it achieves only 6 miles/kWh, not a lot greater than a Model 3 which has far greater function (and likely safety).
The Aptera is a technically interesting project but a commercial dud, it sucks as a car and is barely differentiated as green transportation.
""Even if a car *only* got 20 miles from solar a day that's still more than many people commute meaning they never have to charge.""That's true whether the panels are on the car or on the home.  Putting panels on the car only allows the battery to be reduced but Aptera hasn't done that since a car needs more than 20 miles of daily range.  Panels on the home provides a superset of what Aptera provides.
Also, it should be understood that the Aptera consumes power at 10x the rate than the panels produce it.  It i 
 That's true whether the panels are on the car or on the home. Putting panels on the car only allows the battery to be reduced but Aptera hasn't done that since a car needs more than 20 miles of daily range. Panels on the home provides a superset of what Aptera provides.

The only subset of people that would benefit from solar panels on the car are those who live in apartments that don't own a home to put solar panels on.
Another subset is those taking the car to natural places or long trips and suffer from sort of range anxiety related to the possibility of getting stuck there.
You can go to your cabin by the lake, spend your vacation doing your thing e.g. fishing, the car gets a bit of charge every day, so you can move around and reach back civilization without risk of exhausting the charge.
It might not be the most common use case, but it's a possible marketing argument.
While I'm highly skeptical of Aptera, the concept of putting solar on EVs is still a missed opportunity. Even if a car *only* got 20 miles from solar a day that's still more than many people commute meaning they never have to charge. Or even if they drove 30 and recouped 20 miles it still triples the time between charges. There are plenty of places around the world where the concept could work fantastically well. Aptera's problems seem less to do with the concept and more to do with their fundamental inability to build a frigging car.Solar PV panels aren't a novel technology any more.  BEVs and HEVs have been around long enough that there's people doing their own DIY modifications on those that have gone beyond their warranty period, and then some, to the point they are not terribly concerned if they screw up and set the car on fire.  These people can get a beaten up and wore out EV on the cheap, do some experimentation on the batteries or whatever, then show the results for a science project and/or a bit of advert revenue on YouTube. 
While I'm highly skeptical of Aptera, the concept of putting solar on EVs is still a missed opportunity. Even if a car *only* got 20 miles from solar a day that's still more than many people commute meaning they never have to charge. Or even if they drove 30 and recouped 20 miles it still triples the time between charges. There are plenty of places around the world where the concept could work fantastically well. Aptera's problems seem less to do with the concept and more to do with their fundamental inability to build a frigging car.
Solar PV panels aren't a novel technology any more.  BEVs and HEVs have been around long enough that there's people doing their own DIY modifications on those that have gone beyond their warranty period, and then some, to the point they are not terribly concerned if they screw up and set the car on fire.  These people can get a beaten up and wore out EV on the cheap, do some experimentation on the batteries or whatever, then show the results for a science project and/or a bit of advert revenue on YouTube. 
The market for solar PV cells on EVs is small because the benefits are smallNo the benefits are small because typical cars are too heavy and powerful for the available PV area to make a significant charge. For an Aptera or a microcar, the benefits are big. The microcar market is small by itself, that's why PV cells on an EV is a small market.* Toyota FT-Me: microcar with solar panels (March 2025) https://electrek.co/2025/03/12...  [electrek.co] * Squad Solar City Car, 5000 € on pre-order https://www.squadmobility.com/... [squadmobility.com] 
The market for solar PV cells on EVs is small because the benefits are small
No the benefits are small because typical cars are too heavy and powerful for the available PV area to make a significant charge. For an Aptera or a microcar, the benefits are big. The microcar market is small by itself, that's why PV cells on an EV is a small market.
* Toyota FT-Me: microcar with solar panels (March 2025) https://electrek.co/2025/03/12...  [electrek.co] * Squad Solar City Car, 5000 € on pre-order https://www.squadmobility.com/... [squadmobility.com] 
While I'm highly skeptical of Aptera, the concept of putting solar on EVs is still a missed opportunity. Even if a car *only* got 20 miles from solar a day that's still more than many people commute meaning they never have to charge. Or even if they drove 30 and recouped 20 miles it still triples the time between charges. There are plenty of places around the world where the concept could work fantastically well. Aptera's problems seem less to do with the concept and more to do with their fundamental inability to build a frigging car.If I had an EV I would love to be able to run the airconditioning when the car is parked in the sun, so it's not blisteringly hot when I get back in. It seems like a few solar panels across the roof, trunk and hood could run the AC on sunny days and completely offset the range penalty of doing so.
While I'm highly skeptical of Aptera, the concept of putting solar on EVs is still a missed opportunity. Even if a car *only* got 20 miles from solar a day that's still more than many people commute meaning they never have to charge. Or even if they drove 30 and recouped 20 miles it still triples the time between charges. There are plenty of places around the world where the concept could work fantastically well. Aptera's problems seem less to do with the concept and more to do with their fundamental inability to build a frigging car.
If I had an EV I would love to be able to run the airconditioning when the car is parked in the sun, so it's not blisteringly hot when I get back in. It seems like a few solar panels across the roof, trunk and hood could run the AC on sunny days and completely offset the range penalty of doing so.
the concept of putting solar on EVs is still a missed opportunity.It seems to me that solar awnings over carparks are a better use case.
the concept of putting solar on EVs is still a missed opportunity.
It seems to me that solar awnings over carparks are a better use case.
Even with its radical design and low drag profile, it achieves only 6 miles/kWh, not a lot greater than a Model 3 which has far greater function (and likely safety).What does the Tesla Model 3 get in miles/kWh?  It would have been helpful to include that number for comparison so we could make up our own mind on the pros/cons on the two designs.The Aptera is a technically interesting project but a commercial dud, it sucks as a car and is barely differentiated as green transportation.This is clearly a vehicle with a limited market.  This is for ""true believers"", the kind of people that spend more on their bicycle than their car.  Or at least did until they got a bit older, developed a bit of arthritis, and couldn't keep biking for local travel.  This is for those looking to upgrade from their bicycle, electri 
Even with its radical design and low drag profile, it achieves only 6 miles/kWh, not a lot greater than a Model 3 which has far greater function (and likely safety).
What does the Tesla Model 3 get in miles/kWh?  It would have been helpful to include that number for comparison so we could make up our own mind on the pros/cons on the two designs.
The Aptera is a technically interesting project but a commercial dud, it sucks as a car and is barely differentiated as green transportation.This is clearly a vehicle with a limited market.  This is for ""true believers"", the kind of people that spend more on their bicycle than their car.  Or at least did until they got a bit older, developed a bit of arthritis, and couldn't keep biking for local travel.  This is for those looking to upgrade from their bicycle, electri 
The Aptera is a technically interesting project but a commercial dud, it sucks as a car and is barely differentiated as green transportation.
This is clearly a vehicle with a limited market.  This is for ""true believers"", the kind of people that spend more on their bicycle than their car.  Or at least did until they got a bit older, developed a bit of arthritis, and couldn't keep biking for local travel.  This is for those looking to upgrade from their bicycle, electri 
What does the Tesla Model 3 get in miles/kWh? It would have been helpful to include that number for comparison so we could make up our own mind on the pros/cons on the two designs.I don't disagree that good journalism would have included that figure for comparison.  On the other hand, in less time than it took you to write that, you could have found out from the internet [google.com]: 3.0-4.5 mi/kWh, depending on driving style, weather, heat/AC usage, etc.
What does the Tesla Model 3 get in miles/kWh? It would have been helpful to include that number for comparison so we could make up our own mind on the pros/cons on the two designs.
I don't disagree that good journalism would have included that figure for comparison.  On the other hand, in less time than it took you to write that, you could have found out from the internet [google.com]: 3.0-4.5 mi/kWh, depending on driving style, weather, heat/AC usage, etc.
Meh... I have a reservation and will take delivery when available. I have a Model Y as well, which would be preferred for Costco runs or heading into town. The extra efficiency saves about 5-7kWh/day, a little more if it sits outside. Not perfect, but it should be fun.
IPOS are when you sell shares to the public.  Often this results in a quick price boost above the IPO price that drops down below that price fairly soon.  End result - speculators tend to make quick money but long term investors can get screwed.
SPAC are similar - they tend to be done when the company is not as in good shape as it mostly just avoids certain regulatory hurdles.  Avoiding regulatory hurdles is something bad companies want, not good companies.
The Direct offering is different.  Basically, instea 
As an economist, I cringe at the typical IPO and related culture and expectations.
A huge runup in price on your IPO does *NOT* mean you've done well, or were a good choice.
It means that you *SCREWED UP*!  You sold pieces of your company for less than people were willing to pay!
I would much prefer to see the new equity issued in a treasury style auction (price set at the highest price that sells them all, with everyone bidding that price or above receiving stock), a transparent direct sale into the market on 
Meh, the least of Aptera's problems.  The Aptera is an expensive, low function, unsafe unrepairable two seat car that is at best 20% more efficient than a Model 3.  The 3 wheels lets it skirt safety regulations, probably it's best ""feature"".
The Aptera is an expensive, low function, unsafe unrepairable two seat car that is at best 20% more efficient than a Model 3.You might be right about the rest, but the Aptera is far more efficient than a Model 3. The published numbers put it at about 110 Wh/mile, while the Model 3 is at 230 Wh/mile.  And, frankly, the Aptera numbers seem a little high for a vehicle with a 0.13 drag coeffiecient and with one less wheel.  I think the Aptera design should be able to do better than 100 Wh/mile.  Obviously, it's hard to make an accurate comparison between a real-world car and one that is basically vaporware, but something would have t 
The Aptera is an expensive, low function, unsafe unrepairable two seat car that is at best 20% more efficient than a Model 3.
You might be right about the rest, but the Aptera is far more efficient than a Model 3. The published numbers put it at about 110 Wh/mile, while the Model 3 is at 230 Wh/mile.  And, frankly, the Aptera numbers seem a little high for a vehicle with a 0.13 drag coeffiecient and with one less wheel.  I think the Aptera design should be able to do better than 100 Wh/mile.  Obviously, it's hard to make an accurate comparison between a real-world car and one that is basically vaporware, but something would have t 
something would have to be seriously screwed up for a design as light and aerodynamic as the Aptera to be barely better than a Model 3.People don't appreciate how aerodynamic cars can be at this time, and have been since the late eighties. My 1989 240SX fastback had an 0.21 Cd. Yeah, the Aptera has a lot less frontal area, but it also has a bunch of stupid shapes sticking out that a car doesn't have to have.
something would have to be seriously screwed up for a design as light and aerodynamic as the Aptera to be barely better than a Model 3.
People don't appreciate how aerodynamic cars can be at this time, and have been since the late eighties. My 1989 240SX fastback had an 0.21 Cd. Yeah, the Aptera has a lot less frontal area, but it also has a bunch of stupid shapes sticking out that a car doesn't have to have.
But we would never have had the funniest Top Gear segment of all time. https://www.youtube.com/watch?... [youtube.com]
I don't know if 4 wheels are necessarily better than 3.  But then the 3-wheeled ""cars"" I've seen are often sold as performance vehicles, something of a sport bike for the balance impaired I'd guess.  I put ""cars"" in scare quotes because anything with 3 wheels would not likely meet the definition of a car in any legal way, and not likely even in casual conversation.
Maybe don't think of this as a car.  Think of it more like an electric scooter perhaps.  As this has three wheels it would not likely be licensed 
Fuck everything, we're doing five wheels.
The wheel is in the back, not the front.  So it's more like an enclosed Can-Am Spyder [brp.com].
As someone who would like to own an Aptera SEV, I was interested to read they have hired a new SVP of Engineering.  Mr. Kaunitz has experience taking innovative concepts to production.  I hope his streak continues at Aptera.
https://aptera.us/svp-of-engin... [aptera.us]
this week the EV site Electrek pointed out that ""There have been a handful of 'solar car' projects and they all have failed so far."" Same for three wheeled car projects. The only time they ever made sense was for war-ravaged Europe trying to get back on its feet and saving scarce materials and manufacturing time by making simpler 3-wheeled microcars with fewer complex parts. It seems like a good idea at first glance, you reduce rolling resistance, you could potentially reduce wind resistance, you save money on parts. But the driving experience is shit; you can't corner as hard so your ability to avoid obstacles is reduced, the three trac
this week the EV site Electrek pointed out that ""There have been a handful of 'solar car' projects and they all have failed so far.""
Same for three wheeled car projects. The only time they ever made sense was for war-ravaged Europe trying to get back on its feet and saving scarce materials and manufacturing time by making simpler 3-wheeled microcars with fewer complex parts. It seems like a good idea at first glance, you reduce rolling resistance, you could potentially reduce wind resistance, you save money on parts. But the driving experience is shit; you can't corner as hard so your ability to avoid obstacles is reduced, the three trac
There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead.
'Death to Spotify' Event Draws Interest From Some Musicians to Try Alternatives
AI Slop? Not This Time. AI Tools Found 50 Real Bugs In cURL 
You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different."
1,2025-10-12,"Can you call out a company just for its color choice?

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Enjoy our content? Make sure to set Android Central as a preferred source in Google Search, and find out why you should so that you can stay up-to-date on the latest news, reviews, features, and more.
 



Off the Record is a column written by Android Central's editor-in-chief. The column looks to expand and go in-depth on topics in the Android space without any limitations.
Last week, a Reddit user took to the platform to complain about a Samsung Galaxy S26 Ultra leak that showcased three phones with different colorways, of which one was in a striking bright orange popsicle color.
The user posted that they were “so done with this orange color tbh…,” which then resulted in a slew of commenters agreeing and saying “that color has to be a joke,” or that Samsung is “totally Apple’s copycat. What a shame.”
Okay, let’s get it out of the way: yes, the color is nearly identical to the recently launched iPhone 17 Pro in Cosmic Orange. But I want to point out that Samsung did have an orange colorway called Titanium Orange on the Galaxy S24 Ultra, and Google had the Oh So Orange colorway for its Pixel 4. Both of these phones launched much earlier than the iPhone 17 Pro color.
I’m about to get really granular here. Google announced the Pixel 5 in the Sorta Sage colorway on October 15, 2020, while Apple announced the iPhone 12 in the Green color, which is extremely similar to Sorta Sage, but it was announced on October 23, 2020.
But who cares? Just because one company does it and another does something similar doesn’t mean it’s a sell-out company. One poster wrote, “Samsung’s target audience is Apple users. It’s not surprising. So much of what they have done over the past few years has been to convince iPhone folks to switch over.”
This statement shouldn’t really be surprising to anyone. While Apple remains ahead of Samsung in overall market share in North America, we’ve recently seen a dip in performance.
Per data from Canalys, Apple’s market share in Q2 of 2025 saw a dip from 56% to 49%, while Samsung’s surged from 23% to 31%. Granted, this could be due to developments in Samsung’s foldable phone category, where Apple hasn’t made any moves.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
 



What irks me the most about this Reddit post is that if the tables were turned and Apple stole something from Samsung, the Android fanboys would be all over Apple, claiming the company only steals ideas. Or they might chastise the company for trying to do what Android has already done without giving credit where it’s due.
What they fail to understand is that this is how companies compete with each other. The only way they’re going to change market share is by looking at what another company is doing right.
If the past complaint from iPhone users was that it was hard to switch to an Android phone, then Samsung or Google needs to figure out how to change this. And they’ve done that. They’ve made it easy for iPhone users to switch over because that’s the name of the game: who can get the highest market share and have the most popular device out there.
A post shared by OnePlus (@oneplus)
A photo posted by on 
More recently, we’ve also seen Android OS emulate many similarities to iOS (even OnePlus's new Oxygen OS 16 preview looks a lot like Apple's iOS, especially with the multitasking and icon colors). And like another Reddit user wrote: “Get ready for a liquid glass-like animation,” I couldn’t agree more. I won’t be surprised when we start to see this on the next Samsung or Pixel device.
 



Unfortunately, this is the new reality. Gone are the days when there was only one smartphone of its kind in town, and other companies had the opportunity to create something new and different. We’re at a point where the saturation of devices in the market is so high that it’s really hard to be different every single year.
Of course, some companies have managed to redefine themselves and the way they have improved on phone technologies, like Motorola or Xiaomi. But the reality is that they’re not as big as Samsung or Apple. And to try to get more people on board with these brands is hard.
Expanding to other form factors, such as foldables or thin phones like the Samsung S25 Edge or iPhone Air, has been an area to create new competitive markets. But even then, developing on those ideas will die at some point because companies have reached a point of not being able to create more on top of what they’ve already done, and so it’s on to the next project.
 



I’ll leave you with one last point to mull over. While originality is at the cost of creating more products to compete, I will say originality with color shouldn’t be something you should be concerned with.
One of my favorite phone colors was the iPhone 11 Pro in Midnight Green. At the same time, I have been a die-hard fan of the more recently released Google Pixel 10 Pro in Moonstone. I would have killed for a beautiful forest green variant of the device.
Companies are thoughtful; they carefully consider what the public wants and what appeals to the eyes of users. So if Samsung does end up releasing the S26 Ultra in that gorgeous orange color, there’s a very strong reason it decided to do so.
Shruti Shekar is Android Central's Editor-in-Chief. She was born in India, brought up in Singapore, but now lives in Toronto. She started her journalism career as a political reporter in Ottawa, Canada's capital, and then made her foray into tech journalism at MobileSyrup and most recently at Yahoo Finance Canada. When work isn't on her mind, she loves working out, reading, watching the Raptors, and planning what she's going to eat the next day.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
2,2025-10-12,"Outfielder Kyle Tucker, who is one of the biggest prizes on the free agent market, isn't sure he'll be back with the Cubs. ""If not, it was an honor,"" he said."
3,2025-10-12,HONG KONG (Reuters) -U.S. semiconductor manufacturer Qualcomm admitted that it had not informed Chinese authorities when it completed its acquisition of...
4,2025-10-12,"
                                      Every time Thibault publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                                    
Enter your email


                                        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
                                        Terms of Service and
                                        Privacy Policy.
                                      
What used to be a last resort is now becoming a power move: high-paying men are outsourcing their love lives.
A growing number of high-net-worth male professionals are ditching dating apps and turning to luxury matchmaking services, spending tens of thousands of dollars to find a serious partner.
Frustrated by ghosting, burnout, and superficial matches, some are opting for curated introductions, even if it means paying $20,000 or more for the right match.
Grant Miller, a 39-year-old VFX executive, gave dating apps another try after a breakup last year — and quickly remembered why he hated them.
""I was on Raya and Tinder, and you'd think the experience would be better on Raya — but it's not. It's just the same,"" he told Business Insider. ""An enormous waste of time and energy.""
Years earlier, he'd met a serious partner through a matchmaking service in Los Angeles.
The relationship lasted over three years and convinced him to try again. After interviewing three firms, Miller chose Maclynn, a luxury matchmaking agency based in London, where he now lives.
Since signing up in September 2024, he said he has paid about £20,000, or about $26,000, and been introduced to 16 women through the service.
""We took a very 'open' approach as I was available and enjoyed meeting new people,"" he said, adding that some dates turned into short relationships or friendships.
One connection, he added, has long-term potential — but ""our schedules and lifestyles need some alignment, which has been challenging.""
Still, he's said it's worth it.
""When you multiply the time you'd spend dating by your hourly rate, the fees suddenly become not so bad,"" he said. ""I value my time, and I'm serious about finding the right person.""
While most clients prefer to stay anonymous, four matchmaking firms told BI they're seeing a clear increase in demand from HNW men.
Selective Search, a US-based firm, said it's seen a 35% increase in clients since 2019 and a 65% jump in inquiries. According to marketing specialist Grace Urban, that momentum is accelerating in 2025, with a 23% rise in male clients year-to-date.
""This steady demand has been driven by high-quality men seeking a more intentional and effective way to date,"" she said.
Maclynn, the agency Miller chose, reported double-digit year-on-year growth in its HNW male client base every year since 2020.
""This reflects a nearly fivefold increase in just five years,"" said Mia Wealthall, the company's global operations director. By the end of September, 70% of new clients were HNW men, and sign-ups for that group were up 25% year-over-year for the third quarter.
Matchmaking.com also reported a 60% client surge between 2020 and 2021, followed by 25% growth in both 2022 and 2023 and another 20% increase over 2024 to 2025.
""More high-earning men are stepping away from the noise of dating apps,"" said Cheryl Maida, the firm's director of matchmaking. ""They're tired of endless conversations that go nowhere, ghosting, and not knowing who's actually serious.""
UK-based Ignite Dating said male inquiries are up 42% over the past 18 months.
The industry as a whole is booming. According to Verified Market Research, the premium matchmaking market is projected to nearly double, from $1.27 billion in 2023 to $2.39 billion by 2032.
For Miller, the appeal of matchmaking isn't just about convenience — it's about increasing his chances of finding someone exceptional.
""You start doing percentages of percentages of percentages. And you're down to like one in a hundred thousand women,"" he said. ""And I'm not going to meet a hundred women on my own.""
What matters most to Miller is ambition and emotional alignment.
""Financial success doesn't always translate to romantic success,"" he said. ""It kind of narrows the dating pool if you're looking for someone who's not intimidated or overly motivated by wealth.""
Matchmaking helps with that, he said. ""I think they're very good at sniffing out — for lack of a better word — just the kind of 'gold digger.' I'm looking for someone who's additive to my life. And who's bringing their own value to the equation.""
Unlike dating apps, which rely on algorithms and swipes, high-end matchmaking is slow, high-touch, and personalized.
Clients often start with a two-to-three-hour interview, exploring their values, past relationships, and goals.
""They really get into the interview process a ton,"" said Miller. ""I spent probably an hour or two just chatting through previous relationships, what went well, what went poorly, what I'm working on as a person.""
Matchmakers begin sourcing matches — sometimes via internal networks, sometimes by headhunting. At Maclynn, high-net-worth clients often trigger global searches and discreet outreach.
Matches come with bios, photos, and backgrounds. Miller said the contrast with apps is stark: ""You're kind of meeting, not an actual person, but this hyped-up kind of fake representation of themselves.""
Hinge, Raya, and Tinder didn't respond to Business Insider's requests for comment.
Jess Carbino, a former sociologist for Tinder and Bumble, told BI the rise of luxury matchmaking isn't necessarily about rejecting dating apps — but about control.
""This isn't necessarily a reflection of dating apps generally, but rather shifts related to how people outsource what used to be a very personal, familial, and institutionally-based process,"" she said.
""They outsource their laundry, they outsource their food delivery, they outsource, you know, major parts of their fitness to a coach,"" she added. ""Why not outsource one other element of their life, which is highly salient?""
Pepper Schwartz, a professor of sociology at the University of Washington and coauthor of ""Relationship Rx: Prescriptions for Lasting Love and Deeper Connection,"" concurred — but added that many wealthy men believe price equals results.
""The idea that money will buy you a better product, a better treat, a better person,"" she said. ""Whether that is true or not, that's the theory that many of them have.""
She warned the matchmaker pool may be smaller than clients realize: ""They usually believe there's more denominator available than is actually there, and they haven't done the homework to know.""
Even so, she said, the pressure to partner up later in life is real — and high-end matchmaking offers the illusion of control in what can feel like a high-stakes search.
""You may hope that something will just happen for you,"" she said, ""but if you really want love, you've got to get out there and look for it.""






          Your daily guide to what's moving markets — straight to your inbox.
          
            Sign up 
chevron down icon
An icon in the shape of an angle pointing down.




Jump to"
5,2025-10-12,"By 


      The Associated Press
    


                Afghan refugees sit next to their belongings loaded onto vehicles as they wait for opening of the border crossing point, which closed following Afghan and Pakistani security forces exchanged cross border firing, at a camp in Chaman, Pakistan, Sunday, Oct. 12, 2025.
                
                    
                    AP/AP
                    
                
hide caption

KABUL, Afghanistan — Afghanistan said Sunday it killed 58 Pakistani soldiers in overnight border operations, in response to what it called repeated violations of its territory and airspace.
Earlier in the week, Afghan authorities accused Pakistan of bombing the capital, Kabul, and a market in the country's east. Pakistan did not claim responsibility for the assault.
The Taliban government's chief spokesman, Zabihullah Mujahid, said Afghan forces have captured 25 Pakistani army posts, 58 soldiers have been killed, and 30 others wounded.
""The situation on all official borders and de facto lines of Afghanistan is under complete control, and illegal activities have been largely prevented,"" Mujahid told a press conference in Kabul. There was no immediate confirmation from Pakistan about casualties.
Pakistan has previously struck locations inside Afghanistan, targeting what it alleges are militant hideouts, but these have been in remote and mountainous areas. The two sides have also skirmished along the border in the past. Saturday night's heavy clashes underscore the deepening tensions.
The Taliban government's Defense Ministry said early Sunday morning its forces had conducted ""retaliatory and successful operations"" along the border.
""If the opposing side again violates Afghanistan's territorial integrity, our armed forces are fully prepared to defend the nation's borders and will deliver a strong response,"" the ministry added.
The Torkham border crossing, one of two main trade routes between the two countries, did not open on Sunday at its usual time of 8 am.
The crossing at Chaman, southwest Pakistan, was also closed. People, including Afghan refugees leaving Pakistan, were turned away due to the worsening security situation.
An Associated Press reporter in Chaman heard jets over Spin Boldak, a city in Afghanistan's southern Kandahar province, and saw smoke rising after an explosion.
Pakistan accuses Afghan authorities of harboring members of the banned group Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan. Islamabad says the group carries out deadly attacks inside Pakistan, but Kabul denies the charge, saying it does not allow its territory to be used against other countries.
Before the Afghan claim of casualties, Pakistani Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif condemned the assault and said the country's army ""not only gave a befitting reply to Afghanistan's provocations but also destroyed several of their posts, forcing them to retreat.""
Pakistani security officials shared videos purporting to show destroyed Afghanistan checkposts, but the footage could not be independently verified because the media does not have access to these areas.
The Saudi Foreign Ministry issued a statement late Saturday, calling for ""restraint, avoidance of escalation and the adoption of dialogue and wisdom to help de-escalate tensions and maintain the security and stability of the region.""
Saudi Arabia just reached a mutual defense pact with Pakistan, which apparently put the kingdom under Islamabad's nuclear umbrella following Israel's attack on Qatar.
Qatar also expressed concern about the escalating tensions between Afghanistan and Pakistan.
A senior Pakistani security official, speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to talk to the media, said Afghan forces opened fire in several northwestern border areas in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, including the districts of Chitral, Bajaur, Mohmand, Angoor Adda and Kurram.
The official also said troops responded with heavy weaponry near Tirah in Khyber district and across the frontier in Afghanistan's Nangarhar province.
The two countries share a 2,611-kilometer (1,622-mile) border known as the Durand Line, but Afghanistan has never recognized it.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
6,2025-10-12,"Third Point Management holds $305,763,200 worth of Flutter Entertainment plc (NYSE:FLUT) shares, representing 4.01% of its portfolio. The stock is included..."
7,2025-10-12,"
                                      Every time Brent D. Griffiths publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                                    
Enter your email


                                        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
                                        Terms of Service and
                                        Privacy Policy.
                                      
Creating a successful business is not a part-time or even a 40-hour-a-week job, especially when you're taking on the world's first $4 trillion company. That's according to a CEO attempting that.
""This notion that somehow you can achieve greatness, you can build something extraordinary by working 38 hours a week and having a work-life balance that is mind-boggling to me,"" Cerebras CEO Andrew Feldman said during a recent episode of Harry Stebbings' 20VC podcast.
Cerebras is trying to challenge Nvidia's dominance of the AI chip market. That's why Feldman, a self-described ""David,"" said his job requires an ""every waking minute"" level of commitment.
""I don't think you can go up against the status quo, up against the 800-pound gorilla with modest effort,"" Feldman told Business Insider. ""I think it's true about just about anything in life is to be great, you have to be committed. And that commitment is not part of time, it's all of the time. ""
Feldman described a hustle culture that is deeply ingrained in Silicon Valley, but not every major CEO follows the same playbook. Asked about Warren Buffett's zealous defense of his work-life balance, Feldman questioned whether the legendary investor and his now-deceased partner Charlie Munger would want to buy into a company that wasn't led by a true grinder.
""My question is, would they rather acquire a company in which founders are so passionate that they are working around the clock, and moving mountains, and building consumed by their business?"" Feldman said. ""Or would they rather buy companies where the founders are going home at five or six each night, I don't know.""
Building a company takes devotion akin to a legendary athlete, Feldman said. He recalled NFL Hall of Famer Steve Young's story of how he spotted his teammate and fellow future Hall of Famer Jerry Rice practicing running routes that day after winning a Super Bowl title.
""If you want to be great, you've gotta put the work in,"" Feldman said.
Feldman said finding employees who feel the same way isn't difficult.
""Nobody becomes an engineer to do things a little better than the last one,"" he said. ""You become an engineer because you love to build things, and if you can build things differently and better than anybody had ever built them before, you can use the things you build to help change the world, and that's what we want. It's easy to improve people who want to work like that.""








          Your daily guide to what's moving markets — straight to your inbox.
          
            Sign up 
chevron down icon
An icon in the shape of an angle pointing down.




Jump to"
8,2025-10-12,"
This article is part of Kotaku Deals, produced separately from the editorial team.
      We may earn a commission when you buy through links on the site.
    
Winter storms have a nasty habit of knocking out power right when you need it most. Your heating system goes silent, the fridge starts warming up and suddenly you’re digging through drawers for flashlights while your phone battery ticks down to single digits. The Jackery Explorer 1000 exists to keep your essentials running when the grid fails, and it’s currently sitting at an all-time low of $429, slashed from $799. It’s Amazon’s number one best-seller in portable power stations, with over 3,000 reviews averaging 4.6 stars.
See at Amazon
The Explorer 1000 has 1,070Wh storage with a 1,500W continuous and 3,000W surge output. Those specs translate to real capability during cold winter power shortages: you can heat a room with a space heater, power your fridge to prevent food spoilage, charge several devices at a time and have lights throughout a house.
The pure sine wave AC output translates to sensitive equipment like laptops, medical equipment and modern appliances receiving clean power with no voltage spikes that will destroy equipment. You can power up to seven devices at a time with three AC outlets, two 100W PD fast-charging capability USB C ports, a single USB A port, and a DC car port.
The one-hour charging capability is game-changing and addresses the biggest weakness of traditional power stations: If you hear a winter storm warning and realize your backup power is sitting at 20%, you can fully charge the Explorer 1000 in just 60 minutes using the emergency charging mode activated through the Jackery app. Most competing units need 5-8 hours to reach full capacity which means you’re often caught unprepared. The default charging mode takes 1.7 hours which balances speed with battery longevity but having that emergency option provides real peace of mind when severe weather is approaching fast.
The LiFePO4 chemistry makes this unit distinct from more affordable lithium-ion competitors: The LFP batteries support in excess of 4,000 charge cycles with 70% or higher retained original capacity, which translates to a period exceeding a decade in continuous reliability. Common lithium-ion batteries significantly lose their integrity following 500-800 cycles.
Weighing a mere 23.8 pounds, the Jackery Explorer 1000 is incredibly portable for its capability. The collapsible handle makes moving a breeze from your garage to your living room during a power outage, or your trunk to a backcountry camping trail away from the power grid. Compare that to gasoline generators that weigh 50-80 pounds with storage for gasoline and maintenance, and that put fumes and noise throughout your home. The Jackery is silent as a whisper, zero emissions, and can be safely moved indoors where a gasoline generator would be lethal.
At $429 down from $799, you are receiving the portable power station that thousands rely on to power their homes in the winter months when power reliability is most critical. Make sure you don’t miss that opportunity before it runs out of stock.
See at Amazon
Donât miss the latest reviews, news and tips. Sign up for our free newsletter.
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2025 KOTAKU USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
9,2025-10-12,The stock market will enter the second full week of the government shutdown. Investors will also focus on big bank earnings.
10,2025-10-12,"Avert your eyes! My Sunday morning look at incompetency, corruption and policy failures: • Who maintains the scaffolding of freedom? The prosperity the western world enjoyed for decades was the result of ideas, specifically classical liberal ideas about free …"
11,2025-10-12,"""Contributes disproportionately to animal suffering."""
12,2025-10-12,
13,2025-10-12,"Tariffs are back in conversation, so are rare earths, and the market is bearish, as reflected in the Friday stock market losses. The S&P 500 declined 2.4..."
14,2025-10-12,"Most market watchers would say any prediction of decline is ""bearish."" But not everyone agrees."
15,2025-10-12,"
        Investors are eyeing a stock market rebound after Friday’s trade war flare-up sent the S&P 500 to its worst loss since April.On Sunday, President Donald Trump sought to calm nerves in a post on Truth Social, following his announcement on Friday that he will impose an additional 100%…
    "
16,2025-10-12,Navitas Semiconductor (NVTS) recently announced a partnership with NVIDIA to develop high-voltage power solutions tailored for AI data centers. This...
17,2025-10-12,"
"
18,2025-10-12,The main aim of stock picking is to find the market-beating stocks. But even the best stock picker will only win with...
19,2025-10-12,"ByLawrence Wintermeyer,
Contributor.
Digital Asset Treasury Companies (DATCOs) have grown significantly, with total DATCO assets reaching $135 billion by the end of September 2025, according to VanEck. Most DATCOs follow a passive strategy of accumulating digital assets in their treasuries, with investors gaining from the underlying asset price appreciation.
Such a unidirectional model of raising equity, buying crypto and repeating the process, is susceptible to market sentiment and volatile macroeconomic conditions. Last week’s crypto flash crash in reaction the U.S. President’s threat of 100% tariffs on Chinese imports is a painful indication of how sentiment can impact crypto markets. 
The crypto market sold off $19 billion, $7 billion in just one hour, bitcoin was 8% down on the day. It took eight years for bitcoin to hit $20,000 for the first time, which is the value it fell on a single day Friday. Many “blue chip coins"" are down 20% or greater, it is a crypto market rout.
Blackrock issued a serious warning to its EFT clients noting it is constrained to market opening hours while BTC would be trading through the weekend. Bitcoin found support at $110,000 over the weekend and was climbing to $115,000 on Sunday.  
When digital asset prices crash, equity premiums fall, and liquidity becomes constrained, DATCOs may face solvency issues, exposing the structural weaknesses of passive models.
To survive market downturns and periods of choppy volatility, it is time for DATCOs to examine adopting more diversified active strategies. 
 Adopting hybrid treasury models, combining cash-flowing and revenue-generating businesses, allocating to a diversified portfolio to generate yield through staking, and deploying further capital-efficient asset accumulation strategies are at the top of the list.
Strategy (formerly Microstrategy) pioneered the DATCO model when it first added bitcoin to its balance sheet in 2020, currently holding 53% in digital assets. Over 200 companies now hold digital assets on their balance sheets.
Over 90% of the public companies with BTC treasury holdings are in the U.S. New companies are emerging in Asia and Europe are also acquiring digital assets in their treasuries. 
WebX International Holdings Company Limited (HK. 8521), a diversified international holdings company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, executed its first BTC acquisition in late September.
Companies like WebX fund BTC purchases through their internal resources and other fundraising rounds with bitcoin veterans, Wall Street institutions, and strategic investors. 
Abraham Gomez, investor in WebX said, “As the world’s first Bitcoin Accumulation Company (BAC), WebX is strategically adding Bitcoin as its core reserve asset. Our mission is simple — to continually grow bitcoin per share for our investors by developing innovative, Bitcoin-backed financial products and services.”
DATCOs that follow a simple accumulation-driven growth model have to depend on a consistent equity premium to NAV. If the premium collapses or flips to a discount, the model breaks.
For example, BitMine Immersion (BNMR), the largest Ethereum DATCO, is selling a package worth $104.61 for $70, under pricing volatility by selling warrants at a steep discount. BitMine has already received board approval to repurchase up to $1 billion worth of its shares if the management deems fit.
Companies can indeed buy back stock to arbitrage the discount, using their digital asset or cash reserves. But if DATCOs depend on redemptions and buybacks, it could lead to a collapse of their growth model and expose further weakness.
Any slowdown in the DATCO trading model would exert downward pressure on digital asset prices. Just like inflows from DATCOs have driven up BTC prices, outflows due to redemptions could have the opposite effect or at least halt fresh accumulation.
James O’Neill, an investment banker and senior advisor to DATCOs says, ""We’ve seen this movie before in the 1920s during the investment trust boom. Initially, trusts traded at premiums to NAV, issued fresh shares, and used the capital to buy more assets. When the market sentiment dipped, it accelerated the downside as collapsing premiums cut off capital accessibility and magnified losses on depreciating assets.
""Similarly, if DATCOs simply accumulate digital assets, any unwinding of their business would hurt the public equity markets’ exposure to digital assets. This will slow down inflows into crypto ETFs and consequently bring down crypto prices.
“To avoid such heavy dependency on market conditions and investor sentiment, DATCOs must adopt an active strategy for sustainable growth.”
DATCOs that simply accumulate digital assets and create a passive fund run the risk of exposing their investors to the “animal spirits” in the market. DATCOs that leverage their treasuries and actively deploy them in the crypto markets have a better safety net for investors.
Active DATCOs don’t simply hold assets in their treasuries. Some of them run critical infrastructure for the decentralized economy and directly participate in revenue-generating business operations. BTCS S.A. (ticker: BTF) is one of the largest European DATCOs that depends on an “Active Treasury” model.
BTCS CEO Marlena Lipinska said, “We’ve blended bitcoin acquisition with emerging ecosystems like ZIGChain and CoreDAO. But we’re different from other DATCOs since we follow an operational revenue stream by running validator nodes, securing networks, validating transactions, and receiving rewards in exchange for our work. At BTCS, we also stake our treasury to generate extra yield, thereby making our assets work for our shareholders.”
Such an active, operations-driven approach offers financial leverage over simple digital asset acquisition and price tracking. When a company’s revenue stream is not entirely dependent on speculative trading, it helps the company survive periods of market volatility when ETF value may crash.
Active Treasuries have the potential to become the new benchmark for DATCOs. Such an active model combines the familiarity of a known public investment vehicle with the productivity of yield-generating strategies. Rather than putting a “passive concentration”  on digital assets price growth, structured and compliant instruments for compounding returns are a diversification.
Diversification is also a critical part of active treasury management. Currently, DATCOs hold 5% of the total bitcoin supply with over 1 million BTC in their treasuries. While BTC is an important asset to anchor the treasury, provide liquidity, and offer institutional recognition, emerging and alternative assets are better equipped to earn yields. 
A balanced portfolio offers bitcoin’s stability without compromising on assets natively built for DeFi, positioning DATCOs as active growth vehicles.
Passive DATCO shareholders earn solely from the price appreciation of underlying assets, whereas active DATCOs have the additional benefit of earning from yields. 
With strong compounding returns over time, Active Treasury models transform DATCOs into productivity engines, leading to higher market valuations, better ROIs, robust balance sheets, stronger durability during uncertainties, and more investor confidence.
While Strategy has demonstrated how publicly traded companies can hold digital assets like bitcoin at scale, companies with Active Treasury models take it a step forward from holding to compounding. 
A diversified, multi-asset balance sheet, with a yield-generating treasury and ownership of or partnerships with digital infrastructure firms will help to better ensure DATCOs don’t remain a narrative fad for this bull cycle. 
DATCOs leveraging the Active Treasury model will show how crypto markets can sustain beyond speculative cycles to generate steady, compounding returns in the long run. Let’s see if last week’s crypto flash crash drives an acceleration of DATCO active diversification strategies."
20,2025-10-12,"While the stock market closes for many federal holidays, it doesn't close for all of them.
Columbus Day, which falls on Monday, Oct. 13 in 2025, is one of those rare exceptions, where trades will still happen, even though most federal buildings and banks are closed.
Columbus Day is a recognized when Christopher Columbus first journey to the Americas, sparking an era of European colonization. The holiday grew to also represent Italian Americans.
The first time Columbus Day was recognized, in 1892, President Benjamin Harrison proclamation of the holiday was in part encourage Americans to accept Italian immigrants, who shared their heritage with the explorer, as they were being attacked in the country.
Due to its roots in colonization, the holiday has been heavily criticized since then, with some states and cities instead opting to celebrate Indigenous Peoples' Day.
However, this year, President Donald Trump signed a proclamation doubling down on Columbus Day, saying critics of the holiday are slandering ""the original American hero.""
""Outrageously, in recent years, Christopher Columbus has been a prime target of a vicious and merciless campaign to erase our history, slander our heroes, and attack our heritage,"" reads the proclamation.
Here's what to know about the stock market.
The stock market will be open on for Columbus Day, on Monday Oct. 13. The stock market will open for trading at 9:30 a.m.
Thanksgiving, on Nov. 27, is the next time the NYSE markets' will close for a holiday. It will also be closed on Christmas Day.
Columbus Day isn't a market holiday. Both the NYSE and Nasdaq will have normal trading hours.
One market is closed.
The U.S. bond market is closed, which follows a different calendar than the stock market, will close for the holiday. While electronic trading platforms will be active, physical trading floors and OTC, or over-the-counter operations will close.
Commodity futures markets, like the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) and Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), operate on modified schedules on Columbus Day. Check the schedules as some commodities may observe early closures.
Lori Comstock is a New Jersey-based journalist with the Mid-Atlantic Connect Team."
21,2025-10-12,"
                                      Every time Alyssa publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                                    
Enter your email


                                        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
                                        Terms of Service and
                                        Privacy Policy.
                                      
In 2023, a few years after moving to Alabama for my husband's dream job at NASA, I found myself desperately lonely and facing the prospect of an adulthood over 400 miles from our hometown with a nonexistent social safety net. I felt like we were in a race against time: how quickly could we build the kind of community we would need as we began to build a family?
I committed to spending the entire year pursuing any opportunity that might lead to a connection with others. I took pottery classes and set up coffee dates. I attended networking events and planned baking days. I slid into the DMs of any interesting woman in my area who came across my Instagram feed: ""This might sound strange, but I think we should be friends!""
As part of this effort, I began to love planning small parties, and in the process, I realized that if I was willing to be the one to make plans, my ability to connect with others grew exponentially.
For years, I'd been sitting at home wondering why I had nothing to do. Was everyone hanging out without me? Was I socially inept in ways I hadn't realized? But once I began trying in earnest, I realized it was something else: no one was planning anything, not really.
Sure, everyone was busy — workout classes, day care drop-off, work deadlines, little league games, family obligations — but they were mostly waiting for someone else to make the first move. So I did. I began hosting regularly, and building community events on my own terms. I sketched out ideas for gatherings that would delight me and attract the kind of person I wanted in my life: seasonal ""produce parties,"" pumpkin carving, game nights, monthly dinner parties with close friends, watercolor club, and farmers market meet-ups.
In those efforts, I was met with an incredible amount of enthusiasm. I filtered out the people who regularly flaked on me and prioritized those who seemed most enthusiastic about being there. I realized the value of what I call ""joiners"": friends who try to say ""yes"" as often as possible are the fuel for the hosting fire.
It's a joy to see our small home full of so much life and to introduce our friends to each other, and as we close the door behind the last lingering guest, we smile and sigh and look at our crumb-filled home with deep, aching gratitude for what we're building.
But it's not free to be the planner of the friend group. There is a fair bit of administrative work: coordinating schedules, sending invites and tracking RSVPs, planning menus, and, of course, the monetary expense of purchasing groceries or other hosting obligations.
My husband and I regularly spend a full day preparing to host, but the whole thing feels sacred in a way. We see it as an investment in building the world we'd like to live in, and we hope that it will pay off in lifelong friendships and that elusive ""found family"" that many millennials pursue.
Still, I find myself stifling twinges of hurt when the effort isn't reciprocated. It's a privilege to have the bandwidth to host the way we do, and that's not by accident. I revel in my position as the friend group's Ina Garten! However, when I'm invited to something planned by someone else and I'm able to simply relax and show up with a salad or bottle of wine, I realize what a gift I've been giving. It's nice to reap all the joy without putting in all the effort.
I can't help but wonder: if my bandwidth narrows or my life circumstances change, if I find myself unable to be the one constantly reaching out, will anyone else step in? What would it take to turn a few joiners into planners?






          Your daily guide to what's moving markets — straight to your inbox.
          
            Sign up 
chevron down icon
An icon in the shape of an angle pointing down.




Jump to"
22,2025-10-12,"The S&P 500 Index began its current bull run on Oct. 12, 2022, soaring 83% in that time and adding about $28 trillion in market value.  While the gain was 88..."
23,2025-10-12,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank StrategyFreak
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank Vigilante375
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank ghostfreckle
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal."
24,2025-10-12,Many investors define successful investing as beating the market average over the long term. But the risk of stock...
25,2025-10-12,Easy Software's (HMSE:ESY) stock up by 6.8% over the past three months. Given that the markets usually pay for the...
26,2025-10-12,"Third Point Management holds $180,884,250 worth of Apollo Global Management (NYSE:APO) shares, representing 2.37% of its portfolio. The stock is included in ..."
27,2025-10-12,US stock futures jumped Sunday night following Trump's retreat from combative comments on China last Friday.
28,2025-10-12,"Inspired by the simplicity of walkie talkies, design agency Pentagram has updated tech company Karri's smartphone for kids with new features intended to make communication ""as intuitive as possible"".
Designed for ages five to 13, the Karri messenger aims to give young people a way to chat with loved ones – without all the distractions that come with standard smart phones.
Children are able to use the SIM-operated device to send voice notes to parents or guardians, who can then listen and respond via the Karri app on their own smartphones.
The app can also show the location of a child, plus the Karri's battery level and network status. There's additionally the option to set up safe areas or ""geo fences"" for the child, and be notified should they move beyond these boundaries.
An enhanced version of the device is set to launch in early 2026.
The concept for the messaging device was originally conceived in 2020 when Karri's founder, Pete Clifford, found himself struggling to find a smartphone appropriate for his then seven-year-old son.
""I knew he wanted to walk to school by himself or go meet his friends a few streets away but I was also nervous about not knowing where exactly he would be and not being able to get in touch,"" said Clifford.
""After some research and not finding a child-friendly, screen-free solution that was working reliably everywhere I came up with the idea of starting Karri.""
After developing and trialling various prototypes, the first generation Karri was released in May 2024.
Earlier this year, the company tasked Pentagram with creating a second iteration of the device that was more fit for the mass market.
The industrial design arm of the agency embarked on a lengthy research process, interviewing multiple families and children to find out which of the device's features they deemed most important.
""One of the key insights from the research was the need to develop a simple interface for kids to record, listen to and send messages as intuitively as possible,"" the agency explained.
""The result is the 'slide to talk' button, a single tactile interface for four actions: record, listen, send or delete, inspired by the simplicity of the push to talk button on a traditional walkie talkie, or the slide-to-talk on smartphone communication apps.""
As well as this new button (and all the pre-existing features), the Karri messenger now includes an LED matrix panel that is able to display basic information like contact names and user instructions, and is capable of hosting multiple chat channels.
The device has also been shrunken down to convenient pocket-sized dimensions, and can be accessorised with a silicone case and lanyard so that it's easy to carry around.
A flashlight has been integrated too, and the buttons for volume control and channel selection have been relocated from the side of the device to the front.
Although the Karri messenger is designed for kids, more and more tech companies are developing similarly simple smartphones for adults looking to digitally detox.
Earlier this year we reviewed four of the best contemporary dumbphones with deliberately pared-back functionality.
Sent on alternate Fridays, this US edition of Dezeen Agenda is a fortnightly newsletter rounding up everything you need to know from America, featuring news, projects and interviews with industry figures. Plus occasional updates and invitations to Dezeen events.
A quarterly newsletter rounding up a selection of recently launched products by designers and studios, published on Dezeen Showroom. 
Our most popular newsletter, formerly known as Dezeen Weekly, is sent every Tuesday and features a selection of the best reader comments and most talked-about stories. Plus occasional updates on Dezeen’s services and breaking news. 
Sent every Thursday and containing a selection of the most important news highlights. Plus occasional updates on Dezeen’s services and invitations to Dezeen events. 
A daily newsletter containing the latest stories from Dezeen.
Daily updates on the latest design and architecture vacancies advertised on Dezeen Jobs. Plus occasional news.
Weekly updates on the latest design and architecture vacancies advertised on Dezeen Jobs. Plus occasional news.
News about our Dezeen Awards programme, including entry deadlines and announcements. Plus occasional updates.
News from Dezeen Events Guide, a listings guide covering the leading design-related events taking place around the world. Plus occasional updates and invitations to Dezeen events.
News about our Dezeen Awards China programme, including entry deadlines and announcements. Plus occasional updates.
We will only use your email address to send you the newsletters you have requested. We will never give your details to anyone else without your consent. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email, or by emailing us at [email protected].
For more details, please see our privacy notice.

You will shortly receive a welcome email so please check your inbox.
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of every newsletter.
Four of the best dumbphones for a digital detox
Fairphone 6 lets users toggle between a smartphone and dumbphone
Heineken and Bodega unveil nostalgic Boring Phone for Gen Z ...
Envelope paper sleeves turn smartphones into analog devices
Minimalist Light Phone is designed to be used as little as ...
""Too alien from the original Nokia 3310""
""Badass"" e-ink O phone by Alter Ego Architects aims to ...
Pentagram creates logo for Austin based on its ""natural beauty""
Visit our comments page | Read our
                            comments policy

Subscribe to our newsletters
Sent on alternate Fridays, this US edition of Dezeen Agenda is a fortnightly newsletter rounding up everything you need to know from America, featuring news, projects and interviews with industry figures. Plus occasional updates and invitations to Dezeen events.
A quarterly newsletter rounding up a selection of recently launched products by designers and studios, published on Dezeen Showroom. 
Our most popular newsletter, formerly known as Dezeen Weekly, is sent every Tuesday and features a selection of the best reader comments and most talked-about stories. Plus occasional updates on Dezeen’s services and breaking news. 
Sent every Thursday and containing a selection of the most important news highlights. Plus occasional updates on Dezeen’s services and invitations to Dezeen events. 
A daily newsletter containing the latest stories from Dezeen.
Daily updates on the latest design and architecture vacancies advertised on Dezeen Jobs. Plus occasional news.
Weekly updates on the latest design and architecture vacancies advertised on Dezeen Jobs. Plus occasional news.
News about our Dezeen Awards programme, including entry deadlines and announcements. Plus occasional updates.
News from Dezeen Events Guide, a listings guide covering the leading design-related events taking place around the world. Plus occasional updates and invitations to Dezeen events.
News about our Dezeen Awards China programme, including entry deadlines and announcements. Plus occasional updates.
We will only use your email address to send you the newsletters you have requested. We will never give your details to anyone else without your consent. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email, or by emailing us at [email protected].
For more details, please see our privacy notice.
You will shortly receive a welcome email so please check your inbox.
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of every newsletter."
29,2025-10-12,Wall Street is seeking solid earnings to demonstrate that the stock market rally is grounded in fundamentals and not indicative of a bubble.
30,2025-10-12,"What was once considered sage advice from the ""Oracle of Omaha"" is now being called into question."
31,2025-10-12,"Third Point Management holds $174,296,500 worth of Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (NYSE:ICE) shares, representing 2.29% of its portfolio. The stock is..."
32,2025-10-12,"Watch CBS News

Updated on:  October 12, 2025 / 8:29 PM EDT
            / CBS News
          
After nearly a decade spent studying the most famous stock market crash in history, financial journalist Andrew Ross Sorkin warns that the Wall Street of today echoes the market of 1929, when highs preceded a massive slump, leading to the Great Depression.
Artificial intelligence and technology have contributed to a remarkable boom in recent years. But, Sorkin said, today's economy is being propped up by the AI boom, and it's too soon to tell if this is a sugar rush, a short-term and unsustainable boost to the markets. But, Sorkin is positive there's a crash coming.
""I just can't tell you when, and I can't tell you how deep,"" he said. ""But I can assure you, unfortunately, I wish I wasn't saying this, we will have a crash.""
Despite a tumble this Friday, stocks on Wall Street have shot up in recent months. Still, some investors are getting weak in the knees, fearing stocks are overheated. Sorkin, author of ""1929: Inside the Greatest Crash in Wall Street History – and How It Shattered a Nation,"" out Oct. 14, says the U.S. is in a new roaring 20s, the 2020s, with stocks pushing to record highs, just as they were in the 1920s. 
Market highs today have him feeling anxious.
""I'm anxious that we are at prices that may not feel sustainable. And what I don't know is we are either living through some kind of remarkable boom and part of that's artificial intelligence and technology, and all of that, or everything's overpriced,"" he said. 
The market of 1929 was fueled by rampant speculation, including by ordinary investors unaware of the mounting risks, and of heavy borrowing. People of modest means were lured by Wall Street bankers and other stock market touts to invest using what was then a newfangled concept: credit. It was called buying on a margin. You only had to put down 10% of the stock price, borrowing the rest from your banker. 
Before 1919, most people did not take on credit or debt, influenced by religious views and moral norms against borrowing money, Sorkin said. That changed when General Motors, in 1919, started lending people money so they could afford to buy the company's cars. It changed out Americans shopped.
""And then the bankers realize what's happening, and they realize that they can lend out money so that more folks can buy stocks. It was all sort of wrapped in the flag of democratizing access,"" Sorkin said. ""And in good times, when the stock is going up, it's like free money. In bad times, you're on the hook, and you're on the hook in a very bad way.""
Today, it's hundreds of billions being invested in AI, with some investment pros warning of a possible bubble as stocks soar to stratospheric heights even amid significant economic uncertainty, such as Friday's slide after President Trump  threatened more China tariffs.
""I think it's hard to say we're not in a bubble of some sort,"" Sorkin said. ""The question is always when is the bubble going to pop?""
When things got out of control in 1929, frightened traders dumped stocks as investors lost their businesses and homes. In the years since, laws, regulations and agencies have been put in place to protect investors.
Some of those barriers to prevent exploitation are now coming down, Sorkin said. U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules have become less stringent and ""the Consumer Protection Bureau practically doesn't exist anymore.""
""That's what concerns me,"" Sorkin said. ""It's not that we're going off a cliff tomorrow. It's that there's speculation in the market today, there's an increasing amount of debt in the market today, and all of that's happening against the backdrop of the guardrails coming off.""
Those guardrails include ones that allow only the wealthy to invest directly in private companies that have fewer regulations, like AI startups before they go public.
In recent decades, people who could invest in private equity and venture capital outperformed investors who did not. Those kinds of assets, generally restricted to wealthy investors, are potentially more rewarding, but also riskier.
""Public companies, after the SEC was created, were required to have all sorts of disclosure rules so that the public could understand what's going on inside them. Private companies don't have that,"" Sorkin said. ""But historically, the average ordinary American wasn't really allowed to invest in the private companies. But in this flag of democratizing finance, there's a lot of people who want access to that.""
Some people feel elite investors have better access, while others are unable to get in early on opportunities, Sorkin said. There's been a push by both the Trump administration and the financial sector to open up the market to more people.
But that would also require moving the guardrails designed to protect people. 
""They have protected a lot of people, but some people would say they protected people from getting rich,"" Sorkin said. 
In his latest annual letter to investors, BlackRock CEO Larry Fink suggested opening retirement 401(k)s to riskier private investments in the name of democratizing investing. He said there were opportunities for investing in AI or data centers. 
Right now money managers are precluded from investing in those types of assets in many retirement products, but the Trump administration is in the process of changing that, Fink explained. 
The new investment opportunity comes with risk. 
""But everything is risky other than keeping your money in a bank account overnight,"" Fink said.
Fink, who once called bitcoin the domain of money launderers and thieves, also wants to add crypto to investment portfolios.
""The markets teach you, you have to always relook at your assumptions,"" he said. ""There is a role for crypto in the same way there is a role for gold — that is, it's an alternative.""
He sees it, as he does AI, as an opportunity to add diversity to a portfolio.
But Sorkin says some crypto products, like meme coins, can be abused in ways similar to 1929, with speculators sending the value of cryptocurrencies soaring before they come crashing down. Sorkin has his own personal example involving a television appearance with Fink. 
""He makes a joke, I think, about how there should be a Sorkin coin. Well, two hours later, somebody makes a Sorkin coin. And all of a sudden, this Sorkin coin is now worth millions of dollars. And I'm watching it,"" Sorkin said.
The Sorkin coin peaked at $170 million worth of trading in a day. 
""And I think today it does something like $20 or $21 a day,"" Sorkin said. 

      © 2025 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
    

                  (13:11)
              
Copyright ©2025 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved."
33,2025-10-12,"If you’re holding Fastenal stock or wondering whether now is the moment to buy in, you’re definitely not alone. The company’s shares have been on a bit of a ..."
34,2025-10-12,"This is a classic case of an employer trying to have his cake and eat it too.
Whatever happened to the self-explanatory concept that a full-time employee should be working full-time hours at a full-time rate, while a part-time employee should be working part-time hours at a part-time rate? This should not be a revolutionary idea, and yet somehow in this job market, it is.
Employers are increasingly trying to normalize the idea that workers should be encouraged to fulfill full-time expectations at part-time pay. That's exactly what happened to this remote worker, who was suddenly informed that, because of budget cuts, there would be a sudden change to his pay structure.
Not only did this mean that the author of this tale was immediately moved from full-time to part-time status against his wishes, but it also meant that his workload was not going to change. Someone make that make sense for us! This guy was expected to complete the same number of daily tasks and responsibilities at half the pay within half the amount of time. One can just imagine how this will inevitably turn out for the company…
Like what you see? Follow our WhatsApp channel for more.
Image is representative only and does not depict the actual subjects of the story.
To make matters worse for the author, he was also being given small additional tasks daily from his manager, who seemed to internalize this false assumption that the author would be willing to put up with all this unfair treatment. 
Sure, the job market may be tough right now, but workers should not feel so discouraged that they have to put up with unjust payment structures and agreements. At the end of the day, at-will employment is and will always be a two-way street. No matter how much pressure management puts on you, you, as the employee, cannot lose sight of your agency in the situation.
Image is representative only and does not depict the actual subjects of the story.
Image is representative only and does not depict the actual subjects of the story.
Stay up to date by following us on Facebook!"
35,2025-10-12,"SummaryJackson Wang launched his fantasy IP Under The Castle (UTC), as an immersive experience in Bangkok running until November 2The Bangkok chapter features a haunted house, a ride, a night market, and apparel with character graphicsThe collection includes …"
36,2025-10-12,"
© 2025 Coinspeaker LTD.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

Some investors immediately gear up for a market-wide push as liquidations see a significant decline.
After losing roughly $400 billion in 24 hours, the crypto market is finally seeing a modest incline with expectations of a recovery.
Cryptocurrency traders and investors deposited 1.4 billion USDT tokens via ERC-20 to Binance over the past 24 hours, according to data from Coinglass. The total amount of USDT deposits into centralized crypto exchanges reached $1.81 billion.




A sudden increase in stablecoin inflows typically signals a potential accumulation of Bitcoin (BTC) and altcoins.
The USDT deposits come as crypto liquidations, which reached a record $19.35 billion on Oct. 11, declined by nearly 98%. According to data from Coinglass, the total cryptocurrency liquidations plunged to $507 million over the past day.
When liquidations decline, traders typically wait for a catalyst to move the market. This consequently decreases the volatility.
This market-wide wipeout wasn’t a simple correction.
The cryptocurrency market lost around $400 billion of its value in just 24 hours on Oct. 11, according to data from CoinMarketCap. The market sentiment dropped from a neutral zone of over 50 to its current 31, indicating fear, uncertainty, and doubt among investors.
And it wasn’t just crypto. S&P 500 dropped 2.7% to $6,552, and Nvidia’s stock fell 4.9% to $183, according to Trading Economics data.
The massive selloff, across multiple financial markets, was triggered after US President Donald Trump threatened to impose increased tariffs and other “countermeasures” on China.
The news immediately sparked fears of an economic slowdown, prompting investors to sell risky assets like crypto to avoid losses.
However, some leading crypto assets have started to see small gains.
Bitcoin rose from $109,715 to $111,530. Ethereum (ETH) recovered from its local low of $3,650 to $3,830.
If the stablecoin inflows gain momentum, a market-wide recovery would be expected, unless macro pressure pushes financial markets deeper into the trenches.
Disclaimer: Coinspeaker is committed to providing unbiased and transparent reporting. This article aims to deliver accurate and timely information but should not be taken as financial or investment advice. Since market conditions can change rapidly, we encourage you to verify information on your own and consult with a professional before making any decisions based on this content.
Wahid has been analyzing and reporting on the latest trends in the decentralized ecosystem since 2019. He has over 4,000 articles to his name and his work has been featured on some of the leading outlets including Yahoo Finance, Investing.com, Cointelegraph, and Benzinga. Other than reporting, Wahid likes to connect the dots between DeFi and macro on his newsletter, On-chain Monk.
Wahid Pessarlay on X
October 14th, 2025
October 13th, 2025
October 13th, 2025
October 13th, 2025
This website provides educational content only. Cryptocurrency and investing involve significant risk, never invest more than you can afford to lose, and always do your own research or seek professional advice.
Content is intended for adults only. Gambling laws differ by country; please follow local regulations. By using this site, you agree to our terms.
We may include affiliate links, but these do not affect our ratings or recommendations.
Crypto promotions here are not authorized under the UK Financial Promotions Regime and are not intended for UK consumers.
Copyright © 2025 Coinspeaker LTD. All rights reserved.
Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Coinspeaker LTD is prohibited."
37,2025-10-12,The cryptocurrency market has seen a drastic fall for two days in a row. Reports suggest this downturn comes in the wake of President Donald Trump‘s imposing...
38,2025-10-12,"In the last 10 years, Home Depot has grown steadily, increasing profits, and its stock has risen accordingly. How much would 10 shares from 2015 be worth now..."
39,2025-10-12,"About us
Copy link
Just a couple months ago, digital asset treasuries were crypto’s hottest trade. Spurred by soaring valuations, hundreds of companies raced to accumulate Bitcoin, Ether, and other digital assets.
The mania has cooled in recent weeks. Companies that saw their stock soar after announcing multimillion-dollar crypto purchases are now trading at a discount relative to that crypto. 
Still, some are holding strong, with their mNAV — short for market-cap-to-net-asset-value multiple — comfortably in the black. 
How do the do it? In the LlamaU article below, pseudonymous DefiLlama analyst Meta explains the drivers of mNAV premiums, as well as examples where the logic behind those premiums “breaks.” (Read Meta’s previous article: What is mNAV? How to calculate and trade it? Your DefiLlama guide to the metric for digital asset treasuries)
DATs are no longer just holding crypto — they’re leveraged to actively expand their own holdings and valuations. 
They aren’t just ‘hodl’ing tokens; it has become a competitive game of accumulation. DATs are trading their own market caps against themselves, turning investor sentiment into capital and capital into narrative fuel.
This new species of equity, known as Digital Asset Treasuries (DATs), sits at the intersection of corporate finance and crypto reflexivity. 
Their fundamentals are blockchain-based, their premiums narrative-driven, and their strategies systematic: print, buy, compound, repeat.
What began as an experiment with MicroStrategy’s Bitcoin accumulation model has evolved into a broader movement spanning Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, and beyond. 
Today, SBET, BMNR, and others have creatively applied the same reflexive mechanics to staking yield, token diversification, and capital recycling; transforming what used to be static balance sheets into market engines.
mNAV = Fully Diluted Market Cap ÷ Treasury Value (USD)
1.0x → equity equals treasury value (fair)
> 1.0x → investors pay a premium for leverage, yield, or access
< 1.0x → the stock trades at a discount to its underlying crypto
If you’re new to mNAV or want a step-by-step breakdown of how it’s calculated, “HYPE DAT Ecosystem: A Clean Case Study for mNAV” is where you want to start.
A premium can be narrative-driven, structural, engineered, or yield-supported. When these align, mNAV becomes less a ratio and more a reaction: a positive feedback loop between equity and treasury that refines sentiment into capital.
MicroStrategy pioneered the quintessential DAT model; they codified, refined, and evolved their procedure making them the gold standard. Below is the company’s official equity guidance slide from Exhibit 99.1 (August 2025):
MSTR Equity Guidance screenshot MicroStrategy pioneered the quintessential DAT model. 
Its strategy slide divides valuation into mNAV zones, each dictating a different capital playbook:
- Active: issue equity aggressively to buy more Bitcoin
- Opportunistic: issue selectively during favorable sentiment
- Tactical: issue sparingly for debt or liquidity needs
- Defensive: may use credit to repurchase stock
Active issuance expands Bitcoin holdings through ATMs (At-the-Market equity offering, where companies sell newly issued shares directly on to the open market), convertibles, and secondary offerings. Opportunistic issuance occurs briefly, often above 3x mNAV, allowing controlled compounding with minimal dilution. Tactical issuance covers debt or dividends without selling BTC. Defensive stance slows issuance or uses credit to repurchase shares, supporting the stock’s floor and resetting the flywheel.
This structure turns capital markets into a feedback engine. When mNAV rises, MicroStrategy issues to buy BTC. When it falls, issuance tightens or reverses through buybacks. Dilution becomes reflexive compounding.
The simplest catalyst for premiums or discounts is positioning versus entry cost. 
When a DAT’s treasury sits above its average purchase price, the market usually assigns a premium (>1x mNAV). Below cost, the market discounts it.
Across the DeFiLlama Digital Asset Treasuries dashboard, profitable treasuries consistently trade higher while underwater ones remain cheap.
Examples include:
- MSTR (MicroStrategy) — BTC Treasury, Above Basis → Premium (mNAV ~1.5x)
- KIDZ (Classover) — SOL Treasury, Above Basis → Premium (mNAV 2.1x–3.5x)
- UPXI (Upexi) — SOL Treasury, Max FD lens → mNAV ~1.5x
- MARA (Marathon Digital) — BTC + Infrastructure Premium (1.2x–1.7x)
- NAKA (Nakamoto Holdings) — High BTC Entry → Discount (0.5x–0.8x)
- BTBT (Bit Digital) — ETH Treasury w/ Yield → Premium (>1x)
Premiums also form along jurisdictional and regulatory lines — where access or taxation changes valuation dynamics.
Metaplanet Inc. (OTC: MTPLF, TSE: 3350.T) is Japan’s flagship Bitcoin treasury and one of the clearest cases of jurisdictional alchemy. 
Under Japan’s tax code, corporations must mark crypto holdings to market annually and pay tax on unrealized gains. 
In contrast, capital gains on listed shares are taxed separately at an effective 20.315% (Japan National Tax Agency). 
This makes Metaplanet (MTPLF) a tax-deferred Bitcoin proxy, letting investors gain BTC exposure through equity. By holding Bitcoin through equity rather than directly, Metaplanet turns that asymmetry into a structural advantage, maintaining a 1.8x–2.0x mNAV with it at its peak having maintained >8x mNAV for weeks on end. A textbook case of tax alchemy: turning friction into premium.
DATs in regulated markets can tap capital barred from direct token exposure. MicroStrategy succeeded because it epitomized this: a compliant, levered Bitcoin wrapper for institutions.
Formerly CEA Industries, BNB Network Co. (BNC) is one of the few public DATs with direct BNB exposure.
With no BNB ETF or trust in the U.S., it serves as a listed proxy for Binance’s ecosystem; similar to how MSTR fulfilled the role early on as the only institutional onramp for BTC exposure.
It trades near 1.87x mNAV. Given that it is publicly endorsed and heavily invested into BNB DAT by the venture capital entity YZI Labs, formerly Binance Labs, which is officially funded and partnered with Binance itself. Until a formal BNB ETF exists, that scarcity alone supports the premium.
Together, Metaplanet and BNB Network Co. show the geography of premium. Where Metaplanet turns Japan’s crypto tax disadvantage into equity advantage, BNC leverages America’s regulatory bottleneck on BNB exposure. 
Both convert policy friction into scarcity. Metaplanet provides the purest example of geopolitical arbitrage in the DAT playbook.
SBET and BMNR pioneered ETH-based treasuries that generate yield natively. 
By staking directly on Ethereum, both earn validator-level returns (~3–5% APY) that continuously expand NAV.
That yield compounds through feedback: staking generates rewards, NAV expands, the market reprices equity upward, and higher valuations reinforce the premium.
The difference lies in the ingredients: mindshare, leadership, and visibility. SBET, with Joseph Lubin, cofounder of Ethereum, and Joseph Chalom, former Head of Digital Assets at BlackRock, has top tier pedigree however BMNR’s Tom Lee has a very public presence with his appearances on CNBC. This ends up likening Tom Lee to MSTR’s legendary Saylor whose loud, consistent, charismatic bullishness were undeniable variables in the success of establishing MicroStrategy as a household name. 
BMNR paralleled this best for the Ethereum DATS by staying on top via a combination of buybacks, retail engagement, and visible leadership. 
BTCS also earns ETH staking yield but trades below parity lending proof that yield alone can’t ignite the flywheel without narrative and conviction.
Ultimately, yield is the base metal, and narrative, leadership, and timing are the reagents that determine whether it compounds or burns off.
Some DATs diversify through moonshot allocations: small, high-beta bets meant to amplify upside or hedge decay.
GameSquare (mNAV = ~1.11x) holds ETH, a CryptoPunk, and ANIME token positions. It trades slightly above parity, a modest premium for narrative diversification.
BMNR allocated $20M into ORBS (formerly OCTO), a Worldcoin (WLD) DAT, at $1.46/share. By October 2025, ORBS traded above $10, a 6x gain. Clearly, these moonshots can convert asymmetric exposure into subtle mNAV leverage through optionality.
Not all DATs follow the “profit = premium” or “association = value” logic.
TRON (Ticker: TRON) – Despite profitable reserves and close ties to the TRON blockchain, the stock trades at a steep discount. TRON, which is the only TRX DAT treasury, trades at a 0.53x max fully diluted mNAV, 
Despite TRX hosting ~$77.5B in stablecoins, composed of ~98% USDT (DeFiLlama), and dominating transfers across Asia, Africa, and Latin America, in the West, it’s viewed as a transactional rail, not an investable asset, keeping its mNAV deeply discounted.
Contrast this with BNB Network Co. (BNC). BNB’s exchange linkage and predictable revenue burns make it behave like equity.
Binance uses a share of revenue to buy and burn BNB: a deliberate, showy, aggressive mechanism versus TRX’s passive gas burns.
Traditional finance investors quickly recognize the pattern as an equity-like feedback loop, sustaining BNC’s 1.87x mNAV whereas TRX’s gas burning blockchain hasn’t attracted attention to TRON treasury keeping it below parity. Simply put: BNB’s burn program mirrors corporate buybacks, while TRX’s gas burns are passive and minor in comparison. 
BNC maintains premium; TRON does not. In numerical terms, the contrast between the two when examining max mNAV is astronomical: a difference of over 300%!
BTCS, one of the first ETH staking firms, trades around 0.88x mNAV. SBET and BMNR captured attention with clear messaging and buybacks; BTCS remained quieter, focused on infrastructure over narrative. It delivers on-chain results but lacks social reflexivity; proof that legitimacy without visibility still prices like a discount.
These cases show DAT premiums are behavioral, not mechanical. Narrative clarity, investor access, and perceived intentionality decide whether association becomes valuation.
TRX dominates usage but not mindshare translating to a discount for TRON; BNB’s engineered burn loop mirrors equity translating to a premium for BNC as if accounting for revenue generation; and BTCS shows substance alone isn’t enough.
In this market, numbers matter but narratives are the driver for positive multiples.
In the DAT ecosystem, premiums aren’t random; they’re engineered. Every successful treasury blends fundamentals, narrative, and structure into a reflexive loop: fundamentals anchor value, narrative amplifies it, and capital strategy turns that feedback into growth.
MicroStrategy utilizes financial wizardry to convert sentiment into Bitcoin. Metaplanet and BNC alchemize geography into premium through geopolitical arbitrage. BMNR, SBET, and GAME merge yield and narrative momentum. TRON and BTCS remind us that usage without story rarely sustains a premium.
In this financial alchemy, fundamentals are the lead, narrative is the spark, and regulation is the catalyst that determines how brightly it burns."
40,2025-10-12,"
"
41,2025-10-12,"
"
42,2025-10-12,"
"
43,2025-10-12,"
"
44,2025-10-12,"
"
45,2025-10-12,"
"
46,2025-10-12,"
"
47,2025-10-12,"ByBilly Bambrough,
Senior Contributor.
10/12 update below. This post was originally published on October 10
Bitcoin has suddenly fallen sharply, with a “flash crash” wiping $12,000 from the bitcoin price in a matter of minutes after a “cascade” warning.
Sign up now for CryptoCodex—A free crypto newsletter that will get you ahead of the market
The bitcoin price dropped to under $107,000, down from a high of $123,000 yesterday and a bitcoin price all-time high of $126,000 earlier this week, with other top ten cryptocurrencies ethereum, XRP, BNB and solana suffering greater declines that saw $500 billion wiped from the combined crypto market. 
Now, as fears swirl over the future of the U.S. dollar, traders are bracing for further declines as the bitcoin price crash suddenly accelerates amid uncertainty over U.S. president Donald Trump’s fresh China tariffs.
Sign up now for the free CryptoCodex—A daily five-minute newsletter for traders, investors and the crypto-curious that will get you up to date and keep you ahead of the bitcoin and crypto market bull run
“A flash crash of liquidations saw almost $7 billion wiped across all markets within one hour, with $5.5 billion coming from longs,"" Sean Dawson, head of research at leading onchain options platform Derive.xyz, wrote in emailed comments.
“Bitcoin and ethereum accounted for $3.3 billion of those liquidations. In total, almost $9.6 billion in positions have been liquidated over the past 24 hours, marking the largest single-day wipeout in crypto history.""
10/12 update: The sudden bitcoin price and crypto market “flash crash” has left traders reeling. 
“Rarely does the crypto market leave you speechless,” Lark Davis, a crypto market analyst and writer of the Wealth Mastery newsletter, wrote in an emailed note and pointing to the more than “$19 billion in liquidations in the past 24 hours … worse than Covid and worse than [the] FTX”-led market meltdown. “It’s a sad day for the market and a lot of people are hurting.”
Bitcoin’s rapid collapse from just under its all-time high of $126,000 to under $110,000 in a matter of minutes sent shockwaves through the wider crypto market as some smaller coins were all but wiped out before bouncing back.
The bitcoin price “flash crash,"" coming outside of the traditional market trading hours, has led to a warning over the wildly popular bitcoin exchange-traded funds (ETFs), led by BlackRock’s near-$100 billion IBIT, which are bound by stock market opening times, leaving holders unable to react to weekend bitcoin price swings.
“The extreme volatility in the price of bitcoin overnight highlights why institutional investors increasingly view access to 24/7 liquidity as essential to prudent risk management,"" Tommy Doyle, global head of relationship management at Xapo Bank, said in emailed comments. 
“Whilst bitcoin ETFs remain bound by traditional market trading hours, institutional investors with direct bitcoin accounts can continue to access liquidity and risk manage their bitcoin exposure throughout the weekend, especially relevant amid recent seismic price moves.”
The sudden sell-off was sparked by Trump announcing a 100% tariff on China imports, accusing the country of taking an ""extraordinarily aggressive position"" on trade.
“Markets are reeling after Trump’s surprise China tariff deadline reignited volatility, driving bitcoin toward $100,000 and triggering one of the largest liquidation events in crypto history,” 10x Research analysts led by chief executive Markus Thielen wrote in an emailed note, that sounded a note of optimism amongst the carnage.
“With $8 billion in forced liquidations, altcoins collapsing multiple times more than bitcoin, and funding rates turning deeply negative, the setup is both chaotic—and full of opportunity.”
Sign up now for CryptoCodex—A free crypto newsletter that will get you ahead of the market
The bitcoin price and wider crypto market flash crash comes amid macro economic turmoil, with traders watching for any further sign that a further crash could be brewing.
“Bitcoin dominance above 60% signals a new structural phase, while short-dated volatility above 50% opens the door for some of the most attractive option trades in months,"" 10x Research analysts added. ""Yet beneath the headlines, a bigger macro story is unfolding—oil below $60, Treasury yields breaking lower, and the S&P 500 showing its first technical cracks since spring. Will Trump’s next tweet spark relief—or fuel another selloff?”"
48,2025-10-12,"Hello fellow geeks,
Fresh offers await you on our Deals store, please have a look!


Sterling Stock Picker: Lifetime Subscription
(85% off)


 Ending soon // by Java Code Geeks

Invest Smarter with an Award-Winning Stock Picker Software! Unlock Exclusive Stock Picks, AI-Driven Insights & A Done-For-You Portfolio Builder

Microsoft Visual Studio Professional 2022 + The Premium Learn to Code Certification Bundle
(97% off)

ResumePhoto AI Professional Headshots: Basic Package
(21% off)

1min.AI: Lifetime Subscription (Business Plan)
(83% off)

Internxt Cloud Storage: Lifetime Subscription (5TB Plan)
(88% off)

AdGuard VPN: 5-Yr Subscription
(90% off)

iProVPN: 3-Year Subscription
(90% off)

SwifDoo PDF Pro: Perpetual Lifetime License for Windows
(76% off)

Surfshark VPN Starter Plan: 3-Yr Subscription
(80% off)

Lifetime Access to ExamsDigest for CompTIA, AWS, Microsoft & More
(95% off)

The 2025 Ultimate GenAI Masterclass Bundle
(91% off)
We will contact you soon.

Δ

Δ
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
We will contact you soon."
49,2025-10-12,Trying to figure out what to do with Seagate Technology Holdings stock right now? You’re not alone. With the stock closing at $214.38 and rocketing up 148.2%...
50,2025-10-12,"While Integrated Research Limited ( ASX:IRI ) might not have the largest market cap around , it saw significant share..."
51,2025-10-12,"Love her or roll your eyes, Cathie Wood is still moving the tape. The ARK founder has built an unmatched reputation through her investments in disruptive..."
52,2025-10-12,"9to5Mac Security Bite is exclusively brought to you by Mosyle, the only Apple Unified Platform. Making Apple devices work-ready and enterprise-safe is all we do. Our unique integrated approach to management and security combines state-of-the-art Apple-specific security solutions for fully automated Hardening & Compliance, Next Generation EDR, AI-powered Zero Trust, and exclusive Privilege Management with the most powerful and modern Apple MDM on the market. The result is a totally automated Apple Unified Platform currently trusted by over 45,000 organizations to make millions of Apple devices work-ready with no effort and at an affordable cost. Request your EXTENDED TRIAL today and understand why Mosyle is everything you need to work with Apple.
In this week’s Security Bite, I’m taking it back over 20 years to the launch of Gmail in 2004–because that’s how long its little-known plus addressing (aliasing) feature has quietly existed. It was originally created to help with filtering and keeping inboxes tidy long before spam became what it is today. Google never really promoted it, so most people still don’t realize it’s a thing. But over the years, it’s become popular among privacy-minded folks to track which online services, subscriptions, etc., are selling email addresses to other companies or leaking them.

It’s one of everyone’s biggest e-irritants.
Allow me to set the scene: You create a new email address with a fresh and clean inbox. At first, all the emails you receive are from services you signed up for, including a couple from the email provider welcoming you to the service. A month later, you might’ve opened some social media accounts, signed up for some newsletters, started searching for a new car, etc. Before you know it, you’re getting hundreds of emails (aka spam) a week from unknown senders. Some harmless and some malicious looking to really put a damper on your day.
The plus addressing feature isn’t a full-stop way to prevent spam; in fact, it won’t prevent it any less, but it will put some power back in your hands, sorta speak, and help you identify bad online actors who aren’t being honest or safe with your information.
Gmail and Outlook both support plus addressing. It’s very easy to set up and works by tacking on an alias to your email address using the “+” symbol. Example: youremailaddress+alias@gmail.com
You can put any word after the “+” to help you track who you gave your address to.
Signing up to buy a new car? Try: youremailaddress+carvanna@outlook.com
How about a new social media account? Try: youremailaddress+bluesky@gmail.com
And so on…
All the emails from these services will still land in your inbox as normal, but now with the +alias we specified. If you receive an email from other companies referencing the address youremailaddress+carvanna@gmail.com, you will know where they got it from. 
If you’re subscribed to iCloud+ for more than 5GB of free storage, you have access to the Hide My Email feature that works by generating unique, random email addresses that forward to your personal email. While this doesn’t offer the same investigative satisfaction as plus addressing, not having to reveal your real email address at all is arguably a better solution. Users can deactivate a Hide My Email address and change which personal email to forward to in Mail settings.
If you’re not subscribed to iCloud+, iCloud Mail does support tried-and-true email aliases to an extent. Unfortunately, it maxes out at 3 aliases per iCloud account.
On iCloud Mail web (not supported on macOS or iOS):
Click on the gear icon -> Settings -> Account -> Add Alias
Although not often, some online forms won’t accept plus addressing and will shoot an error at you. Over the years, I’ve also seen some chatter about marketing agencies removing the +alias from emails. I think we’re giving them too much credit; they’re lazier than most think, and plus addressing isn’t widely adopted enough to be a problem for them.
Let me know what you think in the comments. Do you or would you find plus addressing useful? I know I do. 
Follow Arin: Twitter/X, LinkedIn, Threads
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Privacy is a growing concern in today's world. F…

										My laptop! Lightweight. Fast. Seemingly indestructible.									

										My current and favorite electric stand-up desk I've tested. The quality is great and the price even more so.									"
53,2025-10-12,"Markets enter a critical week following Friday's dramatic selloff triggered by President Trump's threat of ""massive tariffs"" against China over tighter rare-..."
54,2025-10-12,Option Care Health (NASDAQ:OPCH) has had a rough three months with its share price down 13%. But if you pay close...
55,2025-10-12,"Gareth Taylor had a chance to rewrite the narrative of Liverpool's season against Manchester City, his former club. Instead, the Reds fell short once again."
56,2025-10-12,"Written byOluwapelumi Adejumo
Edited byMohammad Shahid
Global markets tumbled on October 10 after US President Donald Trump announced a 100% tariff on Chinese imports, triggering panic across equities and digital assets. 
Within minutes, a cascade of forced liquidations erased nearly $20 billion from crypto traders’ positions.
The turbulence spread quickly through major centralized exchanges. Users on Binance and other platforms reported frozen dashboards, failed stop-loss triggers, and flash crashes that briefly sent several tokens toward zero.
The disruptions sparked frustration across trading communities. Many traders questioned whether the crypto exchanges’ systems had malfunctioned or if deeper market manipulation was at play.
Considering this, Crypto.com CEO Kris Marszalek called for an independent review of exchanges that experienced the heaviest liquidations during the market crash. He said billions in users’ funds vanished overnight, and regulators must act to protect them.
Regulators should look into the exchanges that had most liquidations in the last 24h and conduct a thorough review of fairness of practices. Any of them slowing down to a halt, effectively not allowing people to trade? Were all trades priced correctly and in line with indexes?… pic.twitter.com/UCD6iKuKFQ
Meanwhile, OKX CEO Star Xu weighed in by indirectly blaming Binance for the market situation.
According to him, when an exchange “steps onto the field” by inflating token prices, using multiple affiliated identities, and exploiting user sentiment through hype campaigns, it erodes trust and ultimately destroys itself.
Xu’s comments also recalled past controversies—most notably FTX’s 2022 collapse. Notably, the defunct exchange had accused Binance of accelerating its downfall with public statements and a rushed withdrawal of support.
“‘Fired the shot’ that took down FTX may have succeeded in eliminating a competitor, but what followed wasn’t an expansion of their own market share — it was a systemic collapse of the entire industry, and a series of even more dramatic ‘lives.’ In that chain reaction, there were no real winners,” Xu said.
Meanwhile, crypto KOLs like Wu Blockchain alleged that the crash may have been caused by vulnerabilities in Binance’s Unified Account system.
This system allows users to post different assets—including USDE, wBETH, and BnSOL—as collateral for leveraged trades. When those assets lose their pegs, margin requirements rapidly increase, triggering a chain of automated liquidations.
So, as the collateral values plunged—USDE to $0.65, wBETH to $0.20, and BnSOL to $0.13—many traders on the crypto exchange saw their positions wiped out despite hedging strategies. 
It added that algorithmic bots further accelerated the downturn by executing sell orders across exchanges, intensifying volatility.
The wave of failures renewed long-standing concerns over exchange transparency and liquidity practices, particularly during periods of extreme stress.
“Another piece of evidence suggesting the attack was premeditated is the timing—it occurred precisely between Binance’s announcement of an oracle price adjustment and the actual implementation. The announcement was made on October 6, with the change scheduled for October 14, providing attackers with a clear window of opportunity,” Wu Blockchain reported.
Yesterday, BeInCrypto also noted hundreds of tweets from users who were unable to trade, withdraw their assets, or even activate stop-loss during the market crash. 
Hundreds of Binance users say they missed trades or couldn’t withdraw funds during yesterday’s crypto crash.A flood of posts now accuse @binance of market manipulation and system freezes.Outages during critical market moments only deepen distrust in centralized exchanges.… pic.twitter.com/wuxHcRS4ID
Amid all these issues, Binance has apologized to its impacted users and promised to reimburse them.
In a statement, Binance co-founder Yi He blamed the situation on “extraordinary market turbulence and user surges” that disrupted normal operations.
He promised a case-by-case review for users who could prove they suffered technical losses. However, she clarified that unrealized profits or price-driven losses would not qualify for compensation.
“The reason Binance is Binance is that we never shy away from problems. When we fall short, we take responsibility—there are no excuses or justifications. We are committed to serving every user to the best of our ability, and we will manage what we are responsible for,” she added.
Daily Crypto Insights
Insights, news and analysis of the crypto market straight to your inbox
Disclaimer
In adherence to the Trust Project guidelines, BeInCrypto is committed to unbiased, transparent reporting. This news article aims to provide accurate, timely information. However, readers are advised to verify facts independently and consult with a professional before making any decisions based on this content. Please note that our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimers have been updated."
57,2025-10-12,"Written & Edited byLockridge Okoth
Binance has announced it will compensate users a total of $283 million following collateral asset depegging incidents during the October 10 market crash.
The exchange blamed a mix of thin liquidity, long-dormant limit orders dating back to 2019, and UI display errors.
In the official statement shared late Sunday, the exchange articulated that the event was “macro-driven volatility,” not a platform failure.
Binance acknowledged that global macroeconomic stress led to concentrated sell-offs by institutional and retail traders, triggering sharp price declines across crypto markets.
While users speculated that Binance’s systems might have malfunctioned, the exchange said its futures and spot matching engines, as well as API trading, remained fully operational throughout the event.
“Forced liquidation volume on Binance accounted for a relatively low proportion of total trading activity,” read an excerpt in the announcement.
Still, Binance confirmed that some assets, including USDe, BNSOL, and WBETH, briefly depegged due to the market shock. This situation liquidated some users’ positions that had used these tokens as collateral.
The company said it moved quickly to compensate affected users within 24 hours, distributing two batches of payments totaling approximately $283 million.
“Where the de-pegging impacted some users who had their positions liquidated due to holding these assets as collateral, Binance has taken responsibility and has fully covered their losses. Compensation has been distributed in two batches, totaling approximately USD 283 million,” the exchange said. 
Further, in a detailed post-mortem, Binance revealed that part of the confusion stemmed from legacy limit orders still active on certain spot pairs, some of which had been open since 2019.
During the sell-off, low liquidity conditions caused these old limit orders to execute at extreme prices on pairs such as IOTX/USDT and ATOM/USDT, temporarily creating the illusion of flash crashes.
To complicate matters, UI display errors emerged after Binance adjusted tick size settings, which were the smallest allowable price movements on some trading pairs. This caused prices to display as zero in the interface, though the exchange clarified that actual executions and API data remained correct.
Binance said it has now resolved these display issues and will continue optimizing its systems to prevent similar confusion.
The company reiterated its user-first principle, promising ongoing transparency and updates for those still submitting compensation claims.
It also clarified that the depegging of Earn products did not cause the crash. Instead, it followed after the broader market downturn.
“We remain committed to addressing these issues responsibly and transparently,” Binance said.
The episode marks one of Binance’s largest recent compensation efforts. It highlights the delicate balance exchanges must maintain between liquidity management and system resilience in a market that never sleeps, even when TradFi does.
Daily Crypto Insights
Insights, news and analysis of the crypto market straight to your inbox
Disclaimer
In adherence to the Trust Project guidelines, BeInCrypto is committed to unbiased, transparent reporting. This news article aims to provide accurate, timely information. However, readers are advised to verify facts independently and consult with a professional before making any decisions based on this content. Please note that our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimers have been updated."
58,2025-10-12,"Crypto commentators are challenging official data around the Oct. 10 market meltdown, suggesting the true size of the liquidation wave may have reached $300 ..."
59,2025-10-12,"You can't go wrong with a high-quality 34-inch gaming monitor with impressive performance from Samsung. Grab it right now and save $140 as it falls to its best price. A great way to upgrade your monitor without hurting your wallet.
Samsung makes some of the best gaming monitors on the market, so when one of their top options goes on sale, it’s the perfect time to buy. The Odyssey G5 delivers on multiple fronts, making it an excellent choice whether you’re upgrading or buying your first gaming monitor.
Not only do you get a large 34-inch screen, but the performance specs are impressive as well. It might not have any fancy RGB lighting, but it does what it needs where it matters most. The cherry on top? Amazon is currently offering a steep $140 discount, bringing the price down to just $260, which is its lowest yet.
So what kind of performance are we looking at? Well, the monitor features a 1000R curved screen with a 165Hz refresh rate and 1ms response time. You also get support for AMD's FreeSync Premium, which will elevate the gaming experience when connected to compatible hardware.
The monitor delivers a crisp image thanks to its 1440p resolution, and you also get vibrant colors with support for HDR10. The connectivity is pretty basic, but you have HDMI, DisplayPort, USB-A, and a 3.5mm audio jack. It's a pretty simple monitor that gets the job done when you need it to.
So if this sounds like something you're looking for, grab it now for its lowest price on Amazon. Or if you want to check out something else, we do have some other recommendations as well, but the prices are going to be a lot more."
60,2025-10-12,"Stop with the AI bubble talk, please!"
61,2025-10-12,"One crypto trader turned market chaos into massive profit. A whale made over $160 million by shorting Bitcoin and Ethereum just before President Trump announced a 100% tariff on China.
The trader executed their positions on Hyperliquid, a decentralized crypto exchange. On-chain analytics account @mlmabc shared the details on X.
In case you didn’t know – the BTC whale closed 90% of his BTC short and fully closed his ETH short, making around $190–$200M profit in just one day on Hyperliquid.
The crazy part is that he shorted another 9 figs worth of BTC and ETH minutes before the cascade happened. And this… pic.twitter.com/QhmUpesG0j
— MLM (@mlmabc) October 10, 2025

The timing of these trades has raised questions. The positions were opened just before the tariff announcement sent crypto markets tumbling.
The whale’s Bitcoin short position remains partially open. They currently hold $92.84 million in open positions with 5.38x leverage.
Within 24 hours, the BTC shorts generated over $90 million in profit. The trader opened these positions ahead of the price decline.
Bitcoin dropped 7.5% to $112,505.92 following the tariff news. The whale appears to have predicted this market movement.
The trader’s Ethereum strategy was different. They closed all ETH short positions after the price drop.
The ETH shorts netted $72.33 million in profit within 24 hours. These positions were also opened before the tariff announcement.
Ethereum fell 12.5% to $3,837.57 in the same period. The trader captured the entire downward move.
@mlmabc suggested the whale may have traded on other platforms too. “This was just publicly on Hyperliquid imagine what he did on CEXs or elsewhere,” they wrote.
The analyst believes this trader played a major role in the market decline. However, this connection remains speculation.
The broader crypto market suffered heavy losses. Over $17 billion in leveraged positions were liquidated within four hours.
The total crypto market cap fell more than 10% in 24 hours. It dropped to $3.73 trillion.
President Trump made his tariff announcement on October 10. He stated the U.S. will impose a 100% tariff on China beginning November 1 or earlier.
Trump cited China’s “aggressive position” on trade as the reason. The tariff represents a major escalation in trade tensions between the two countries.
The crypto whale’s trades on Hyperliquid are publicly visible due to the platform’s transparency. Total profits exceeded $160 million from both Bitcoin and Ethereum positions combined.
📈 Futures & Crypto Trader 
🔍 Sharing charts, strategies, & mindset tips to help you level up
🚨 Not Financial Advice
Follow on X @Pro_Trader_Edge
TLDR Crypto ETFs are on track to exceed $1 trillion in assets by the end…

Never Miss Another Opportunity. Get hand selected news & info from our Crypto Experts so you can make educated, informed decisions that directly affect your crypto profits!

					Type above and press Enter to search. Press Esc to cancel.				
BC Game Crypto: 100% Bonus & 400 Free Casino Spins, Claim Here!"
62,2025-10-12,We recently published 10 Stocks Everyone’s Talking About As AI Investments Continue. Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) is one of the stocks analysts were recently ...
63,2025-10-12,The consensus analyst price target for Anglo American has recently increased from $24.69 to $27.00. This change reflects renewed optimism among market...
64,2025-10-12,"Gymnast Katelyn Ohashi scores a perfect 10 with a jaw dropping, Michael Jackson inspired dance
pic.twitter.com/nSOljWT0W1
— Science girl (@gunsnrosesgirl3) October 11, 2025

The puzzle of the ‘idiot savant’ Aeon
How the government shutdown is making the air traffic controller shortage worse and leading to flight delays The Conversation
Property crime and violent crime have different solutions — here’s why Knowable
Lifetime of Friendships Slows Aging Nautilus
What Americans die from and the causes of death the media reports on Ritholtz.com
COVID-19/Pandemics
Covid virus changes sperm in mice, may raise anxiety in offspring: study France 24
Study finds workers still calling in sick more often than before COVID-19 pandemic Washington Times
YOUR ATTENTION:
Terrible😡, LC in children!
Omicron era in preprint:
""The increased microclot burden in pediatric LC supports the role of microvascular dysfunction and persistent viral antigens in pathogenesis.” 
Our children are marked for years to come, as the majority… https://t.co/KjV7A7RBzI
— Harry Spoelstra (@HarrySpoelstra) October 11, 2025
  
Climate/Environment
Climate goals go up in smoke as US datacenters turn to coal The Register
EPA faces layoffs amid shutdown fight The Hill
South of the Border
Russia, China denounce US military presence in Caribbean as Venezuela warns of threat to regional peace, stability Andolu Agency
US ends diplomatic outreach to Venezuela amid fears of military escalation Latin America Reports
Bessent’s big gamble on Argentina has a narrow road to pay off Bloomberg
China?
A new level of drone show.😲 pic.twitter.com/igMA14cSei
— Sharing Travel (@TripInChina) October 8, 2025

Can anything knock China off its mountain? Noahpinion blog
Investors react to Trump’s massive increase in China tariffs​ Reuters
China Deploys World’s First Unmanned Fighter Squadron: GJ-11 Stealth Jets Activated in Tibet Military Watch
Trump wanted a trade deal. Xi opened a new front instead. Politico
India
India is forcibly deporting Muslims, including its own citizens, after Kashmir violence NPR
Trump tariffs push India, UK closer together DW
Africa
Around four million people displaced across Africa’s Sahel, UN warns Al Jazeera
Africa Will Be Free When the IMF Stops Colluding to Steal Its Wealth ScheerPost
European Disunion
Chat Control on hold, Europe’s Eastern flank remains passive Euronews
Europe Travel Set To Be Hit By Monumental Airport Strikes As Greece And Belgium Join Italy, Spain, Lithuania, And More In Mid-October Travel and Tour World
Czech populist’s comeback a win for politics of pragmatism in shifting Europe RFI
Old Blighty
Digital IDs are being introduced in the UK — and they’re controversial. Straight Arrow News
Why are millions fleeing the UK? Here’s why the country is seeing ‘mass migration’ Times of India
Israel v. Gaza, Yemen, Lebanon, Syria, Iran
Israel has dropped about 200,000 tons of explosives on Gaza since Oct 7, equivalent to nearly 13 Hiroshima bombs. pic.twitter.com/XrtDoLUBWu
— TIMES OF GAZA (@Timesofgaza) October 8, 2025

“We may have survived physically, but we haven’t survived mentally.” Drop Site
Gaza Ceasefire: Breakthrough or Another False Dawn? The National Interest
Lebanon slams deadly overnight Israeli strike AFP
Boycotting Israel has gone mainstream: ‘We’ve never seen such traction before’ The Guardian
New Not-So-Cold War
Major Russian strikes cut power in Kyiv and across Ukraine BBC
Ukraine Braces For Winter As Russia Escalates Energy Attacks Radio Free Europe
EU pressures G7 countries to loan frozen Russian assets to Ukraine Politico
Big Brother Is Watching You Watch
AI-powered wearables will force our privacy norms to change Cointelegraph
LinkedIn can’t dodge claims it tracked users’ medical data Courthouse News Service
Imperial Collapse Watch
California Braces for ‘Devastating’ Expected Cuts to Federal Homeless Housing funds Sonoma Sun
Military families often live by the paycheck. They are about to miss one. Christian Science Monitor
An American Hunger Crisis Is Coming Washington Monthly
Trump 2.0
What is Trump’s approval rating? What polls say 10 days into the government shutdown USA Today
Market sell-off: Trump post lops off $2 trillion from stocks in a single day CNBC
The shutdown is delaying Trump’s farm bailout. Farmers say it won’t be enough even when it happens. Yahoo Finance
An Immense Solar Project Just Got Canceled Under Trump NY Times
Musk Matters
Tesla Hit With Probe After Crashes Involving Self-Driving Feature Musk Boasted About Broadband Breakfast
Elon Musk sets his sights on struggling MSNBC MSN
The wheels have come off Musk’s monstertruck The Observer
Democrat Death Watch
Susan Shelley: Katie Porter’s debacle opens up the gubernatorial race Los Angeles Daily News
Commentary: Congress’ Democrats are wildly unprepared to face down Trump Yakim Herald-Republic
Immigration
The quiet toll of Trump’s legal immigration crackdown: ‘I’m trying to stay afloat’ The Guardian
‘They treated us like animals’ – Inside the epicentre of deportations in New York City BBC
Our No Longer Free Press
Video Shows Federal Agents Arresting a Chicago Journalist. They Now Say She Threw Objects at Their Vehicle. Reason
WSJ Slams Trump Suit as Threat to Press Freedom Newsbreak
Mr. Market Is Moody
Fears of new global crash grow after Donald Trump terrifies markets by threatening 100 per cent tariff on China Daily Mail
Dollar Dips as Trump’s China Tariff Threat Rattles Markets Modern Diplomacy
AI
MrBeast Concerned That AI Slop Will Put Him Out of Business Futurism
Four AI Policy Choices Policymakers Can’t Afford to Get Wrong War on the Rock
Why You Don’t Get Any Credit Anymore for 30% of Your Code Being Written By AI SaaStr
AI’s Sweet Talk: How Artificial Companions Steal Our Humanity Mind Matters
AI drones are America’s newest cops Axios
The Bezzle
North Korean Scammers Are Doing Architectural Design Now Wired
U.S. Doctors Accuse Insurers of Algorithmic Downcoding to Cut Payouts WebPro News
Luxury lifestyle ends in prison for couple who defrauded Medicare Fox 10 Phoenix
Guillotine Watch
Elvish honey is the most expensive honey in the world and is harvested deep inside Turkish caves and at high altitudes
pic.twitter.com/ZmXaGOfKQL
— Science girl (@gunsnrosesgirl3) July 14, 2025

This is the most expensive dessert in the world! pic.twitter.com/RrSuo47TPF
— Agriculture Insider (@Agriculfuture) July 17, 2025

Antidote du jour (via)

See yesterday’s Links and Antidote du Jour here
“China Deploys World’s First Unmanned Fighter Squadron: GJ-11 Stealth Jets Activated in Tibet”
Sigh. It’s a changing world-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcDtsfHFlTo&list=RDvcDtsfHFlTo&start_radio=1 (4:04 mins)
Unlocked link for AI drones are America’s newest cops
Thanks. Look, that’s my right to privacy in the rear-view. California using drones to search for “code violations” and “too many hemp plants”, that second part likely after lobbying from the states heavily over invested legal weed industry. China probably doing the same thing, but at lest the citizenry there get some nice light shows for their troubles.
Hard to see rural US law enforcement getting away with low altitude drone fly-overs. Too many bird guns out here.
Wait. What happens if that drone manages to send a message off to police HQ first?
‘Officer drone down. Officer drone down. Send backup.’
The sheriff doesn’t want a shooting war with the well armed denizens of fly-over America. The Feds, in the other hand…
The Feds are kinda like the Israelis. They only do well beating up on defenseless people or can bring in tanks. See ICE as an example.
The terror is the point. As long as most of the “others” are scared off by the examples set by the Organs of State Security in vigourously crushing dissent, the strategy works.
A real world example from some forty years ago. The drug police used to, perhaps still do, fly a small airplane out of the Hammond Louisiana Airport to do aerial searches for cannabis growing operations “in the wilderness” of Northshore Louisiana.
One fine afternoon, the aircraft returned to the airport and there the ground crew discovered several fresh bullet holes in the fuselage of the airplane. Someone evidently disapproved of the aerial surveillance and let their displeasure be known kinetically. The next day, the rural area where the airplane had been searching was flooded with local and State police. The full court press included the rounding up of “the usual suspects.”  The lesson here is that “the Authorities” will tolerate no ‘resistance’ to their perceived “dominance.”
The counter to the new drone watching system will have to be extensive and co-ordinated. Just as the “Forces of Law and Order” went all out to crush that challenge to their authority years ago, so too today will the Public have to “flood the zone” to achieve any effective counter to the nascent Official Panopticon.
Stay safe, go Gray.
From the article: “Case in point: In Albuquerque, police are using drones to catch car thieves.”
OTOH, having had three of my vehicles stolen from in front of my home over the years, and on the other being no fan of the surveillance state, I have mixed feelings about this.
“Trump wanted a trade deal. Xi opened a new front instead.”
Well that’s a lie. Then again, this is a Politico article. Trump tried to pretend that what China did came out of the blue and had no idea that China was going to do this to the US and the world. But to put this into context, the Trump regime last month dropped new measures to stop high tech stuff going to China so this was actually payback-
‘But U.S. negotiators under Secretary of Commerce Howard Lutnick tried to play hardball. In late September, during the talks,  they imposed further restrictions on China:
    On September 29, 2025, the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) released a long-anticipated interim final rule (IFR) that will result in the most dramatic expansion of U.S. export control regulations in years. The IFR, “Expansion of End-User Controls To Cover Affiliates of Certain Listed Entities,” extends export restrictions to any company owned 50% or more, directly or indirectly, by any of the thousands of entities already designated on several Commerce and Treasury Department lists.
    The IFR would also impose a new duty on exporters to investigate the ownership of an end user where there is reason to believe a designated entity holds a minority stake, or is affiliated with, the end user, subject to a strict liability standard for violations.
The new measures would severely restrict any export of high tech goods to China.’
https://www.moonofalabama.org/2025/10/u-s-china-trade-war-reaches-new-level.html
FAFO
Not to mention the (so far) empty threats to sanction China over Russian crude oil purchases. Shame on Politico for framing this as China suddenly escalating out of nowhere.
That’s the thing, isn’t it? The corporate media continues to frame things in a way that lends legitimacy to what Trump is doing, even while ostensibly disagreeing with his policies.  Trump’s handlers let him get into the bully pulpit to bluster and troll, and the reporting takes the position that Trump’s demands are outrageous, but surely China is a problem and something must be done.
They did the same thing with the incessant “reporting” on Trump’s desire for a Nobel Peace prize.  This was clearly a ridiculous notion on its face, with a US-sponsored genocide raging.  But we kept seeing it framed as something serious people might recommend and that the Nobel committee might seriously consider. Trump’s claims to have ended however many global conflicts weren’t seriously criticized though, often just presented as a given.
Then the whole story line culminates with the announcement of the prize awarded to a US-financed Venezuelan opposition leader who seeks the violent overthrow of her own government.  I dipped a toe into the comments on some of the corporate press articles and saw one comment after another talking about how Trump didn’t deserve the prize due to his warmongering actions, some specifically citing the attacks on Venezuelan boats,  but this freedom loving lady most definitely did deserve the win without making the connection that the prize winner clearly supports the actions of the Trump administration against Venezuela.  I suspect that many if not most of those posts were bot-generated.  Regardless, the propaganda wurlitzer was running on full steam.  So we have a generally well regarded international institution (although not deservedly so) basically giving a wink toward and tacit approval of any freedom promoting attack on Venezuela that Trump’s handlers like Rubio (and Rubio’s own handlers) might want to launch.   Quite the propaganda operation there – Trump is made to look vaguely ridiculous but everybody knows the war must still go on!
Today I had CNN on the radio while driving, and I was mildly surprised to hear them praise Trump for the Gaza ceasefire deal.  Conveniently ignoring the fact that he enabled a genocide to go on for almost a full 9 months after assuming orifice.  All the bombs sent to Bibi that turned Gazans into ground chuck … not worth mentioning.  
I almost wanted to throw up, but then I remembered that CNN is corporate media and they don’t represent critical journalism any more than I resemble a soap dish.
Notwithstanding the “What did we do?!” BS, I rather enjoy the effeminate role that the headline assigns to Trump and the US. Makes Baerbock, VdL and Kallas look very butch by comparison.
Hmm, looks like the DOW has been told to expand it’s stockpile:
Pentagon moves to build $1 billion critical minerals stockpile to counter China — report
https://www.mining.com/pentagon-moves-to-build-1-billion-critical-minerals-stockpile-to-counter-china-report/
And here’s a GAO report on this from last year:
GAO-24-107176, Critical Materials: Action Needed to Implement Requirements That Reduce Supply Chain Risks
https://www.gao.gov/assets/gao-24-107176.pdf
So it seems like there should be enough people that can report on “reality” to those in charge, but maybe they’re just reluctant to tell those above them the truth. I certainly saw this where I worked – senior engineers (even tech fellows) that told upper management what was actually happening on the factory floor as opposed to what upper management WANTED to hear were kicked out of meetings. 
New mines are being opened, but it takes a long time to develop new mines and refining capacity. It could easily be a decade before China can be replaced as the primary source for many of these materials.
Imagine, Maverick in an air conditioned trailed flying a work station……
Sentencing of Scottsdale pair for Medicare fraud recalls the case of Florida ophthalmologist Solomon Melgen convicted of 67 counts in 2017 of false diagnoses and treatments of macular degeneration. Treatment involves the direct injection into the eyeball. He was sentenced to 17 years, but Trump commuted his sentence. Melgen was a fund raiser for now convicted Sen. Menendez. 
This is not the only Trump pardon/commutation for serious white-collar criminals. I think putting a needle into one’s eyeball for money constitutes a violent assault. To protect Medicare/Medicaid, in the infrequent cases where serious fraud is proven, serious jail time is also indicated.
Indeed, and meanwhile Rick Scott is a former two term Florida governor and now senator; should be in jail.
Here’s Trump’s pardons/clemencies costing victims (and court costs) $2 billion
That’s pretty horrible. Just a reminder, though: According to its own audit, the Fed bailed out the financial sector’s frauds to the tune of $16 – $29 trillion.
A trillion is still 1,000 times a billion. So who is the bigger crook?
Personally, I’d like to hear a little repentance from the D’s for the feckless war criminal (Libya) Obama. Not holding my breath, tho’.
“Can anything knock China off its mountain?”
‘A few years ago, it looked as if the U.S. and China might battle over global hegemony and preeminence.’
I don’t think that China was ever interested in hegemony. George Bush actually made an offer to China some twenty years ago where the US and China would rule the world together. China would supply the money and the troops while the US would supply the leadership – George Bush’s leadership here I guess. But the Chinese said they had no interest in that sort of power but only wanted to continue to grow their economy and infrastructure. And here we are.
“I don’t think that China was ever interested in hegemony.”
Prior to 1433 it appears that they were for a time.  See: Ming treasure voyages  Wikipedia
Centuries ahead of Europe in maritime technology and power projection, they just stopped. There are various reasons for this discussed in the linked article. That it was the result of internal institutional conflicts of interest over material benefits and state power I find most convincing.
There are many moves going on that are almost never reported upon, hinting at a larger economic war being fought in the darkness.
I found this article to be intriguing — and I hope that further details will come to light.
Basically, the Dutch are doing to Wingtech Technology / Nexperia what the Germans did to Gazprom / Gazprom Germania : taking away the control of the company from its rightful foreign owners, and placing it under a trusteeship. And in the case of China, not only is there not even the justification that China started a war: the whole affair was done through expedited proceedings. The official statement by the Dutch government sounds a bit odd. 
I suspect that this habit of expropriating disliked foreign owners — also given all the grumblings about taking away Russian funds blocked in the EU — will eventually entail serious consequences for Europe. After all, who would invest in European subsidiaries or taken-over European firms, then integrate them in larger supply chains and markets if EU governments simply dispossess the foreign investors every time the idea of an expropriation for “national security” reasons catches their fancy?
What Americans die from and the causes of death the media reports on Ritholtz.com
The original source for the graph linked is a study published in Our World in Data. Does the news reflect what we die from? which i found well worth reading. The article mentions a “disconnect between what we often hear and what actually happens.”
Does this disconnect reflect a spontaneous mismatch between our fears and the realities of the world? Otherwise, Is it somehow intentional? The news show us what we “need to know” according to criteria which may be more or less apparent but frequently divorced from the real informational needs of the people. When the most important causes of death are under-reported the case can be made that the populaces do not need to know that health care policies might be failing. IMO, there are lots of data suggesting that HC, which showed sharp improvement during the last century, might be now going backwards in overall results.
Thanks for the link. I’m unsurprised at the lack of symmetry. “Homicide” and “Terrorism” surely garner more clicks than “Lower Respiratory Infections”.
And isn’t it interesting the the three news sources have nearly the same proportion of “reports”. Of course with former NSA on their staff it’s easy to coordinate the “news”. NYT director of external communications Charlie Stadtlander is from NSA.
This is also more Pandemic denialism garbage, from OWID.
While it might be true per their analysis that COVID deaths are “over reported” relative to their proportion of deaths, it’s lunacy to suggest that all deaths are created equal. You can say the same about violent gun deaths, which I think everyone would agree are deaths that should be 100% preventable.
And SARS-CoV-2 is a brand new human Pandemic, that is ongoing, and serious.
The media is vastly underreporting on this, and not just in terms of deaths. In six years, there’s been no “oh yeah it’s just a cold no big deal” studies that have come out. Every study of merit that comes out shows that getting COVID is worse than either a “cold” or the Flu. Full stop.
It’s funny how quickly these deaths are completely normalized, and between Biden and Trump, over a million Americans are dead now that might possibly still be alive today, and millions more are disabled, some permanently.
And OWID thinks relative to their proportion, these deaths are 2.5x times over-reported, in 2023.
LOL, ok.
Thanks, I was hoping you would comment on this. I was wondering how many “LRI” and pneumonia deaths were brought on by Covid and were mis-attributed.
OWID used CDC data, so, if there is garbage, you know the what the origin is.
The garbage comes from concluding that, relative to incidence, the media covered COVID deaths in the study period too much, and other causes not enough. It’s an issue of magnitude. And I say not all deaths are created equally.
It’s also likely COVID deaths are under-reported in the CDC data.
I disagree. The data does not compare media coverage with disease incidence but with actual deaths. An interesting job would be to test whether the coverage given to Covid, somehow in relative excess compared to its importance as a direct cause of death in 2023, is due to causes other than deaths. Long Covid, days off work, and other societal effects like polemics with masking or ventilation.
Another great link from Ritholtz this morning about the fake news mill in Macedonia also discusses the gullibility of Americans for said same.
https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/ps-political-science-and-politics/article/macedonian-fake-news-industry-and-the-2016-us-election/79F67A4F23148D230F120A3BD7E3384F
The bands would be quite different in thickness if the Potential Years of Life Lost would be use instead of actual counts.
Hideous and impractical for the average consumer, and a myriad of other explanations on why the Cybertruck is a loser.  Maybe they can be stacked into a big spaceship for future travel endeavors to Mars.  Or sold as temporary housing units during a catastrophic weather event…ok maybe not as that seems overly harsh if your home and life were just wrecked.
About long covid in children: I wonder how many of them were vaccinated. According to a study of 48 000 Cleveland Clinic employees from 2023 being vaccinated actually increased your chances of infection. Here a quote: “In a multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression model, adjusted for propensity to get tested for COVID-19, age, sex, and phase of most recent SARS-CoV-2 infection, not being “up-to-date” on COVID-19 vaccination was associated with a lower risk of COVID-19 ”
And here the study: https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2023.06.09.23290893v1.full
Even considering the fact that maybe this was just a one off with the then current vaccine (geared for the ABB variant). Why is Spoelstra  advocating on Twitter to get a Covid shot every six month? And why does he quote a Chinese study in that regard if he knows perfectly well that the Chinese use a different vaccine than the one available in the West? https://x.com/HarrySpoelstra/status/1977312042882138200
Kinda weird…
From the Medrxvi study cited:
There are two reasons why not being “up-to-date” on COVID-19 vaccination by the CDC definition was associated with a lower risk of COVID-19. The first is that the bivalent vaccine was somewhat effective against strains that were more similar to the strains on the basis of which the bivalent vaccine was developed, but is not effective against the XBB lineages of the Omicron variant [2]. The second is that the CDC definition does not consider the protective effect of immunity acquired from prior infection. Because the COVID-19 bivalent vaccine provided some protection against the BA.4/BA.5 and BQ lineages [2], those “not-up-to-date” were more likely than those “up-to-date” to have acquired a BA.4/BA.5 or BQ lineage infection when those lineages were the dominant circulating strains. It is now well-known that SARS-CoV-2 infection provides more robust protection than vaccination [4,11,12]. Therefore it is not surprising that not being “up-to-date” according to the CDC definition was associated with a higher risk of prior BA.4/BA.5 or BQ lineage infection, and therefore a lower risk of COVID-19, than being “up-to-date”, while the XBB lineages were dominant.
As to the second reason, given the relative risks, I guess one must decide whether its better to acquire resistance to infection through prior infection or from the jab.
Acquiring resistance through getting Covid is a terrible idea.
Avoidance, as in masking and other layered protection strategies, is better. Or an old tech vaccine, like Novavax or an whole virus vaccine.
I wholeheartedly agree. I should have made that point clear. I just assumed that it was crystal clear to those at this site that getting the virus was about a zillion times more dangerous than getting the vaccine. Given the timeline in which we live, I should have known better.
No, it’s not kinda weird, it’s kinda planned. Notice how so many articles are about children and young adults (under 45 years) having “long Covid”. No mention of vaccine injury. Of course they are safe and effective.
Huh. Many parents did not get their children the COVID shots.
Using this population to engage in “but the vax!” argumentation is not the flex that you think it is.
There are legitimate questions about the safety and efficacy of the modified RNA COVID shots, but this is all swept up in the general anti-vaccine sentiment and frequently comes off as shrill.
Child and adolescent COVID-19 vaccination status and reasons for non-vaccination by parental vaccination status (2022)
And to deny that a novel, level 3 biohazard might actually cause harm to children, particularly when the evidence is overwhelming over the past 5 years that is unequivocally does, is done so in bad faith.
Yeah, this study you cite does not appear to be peer reviewed.
Interesting this “study” appears to line up with more current recommendations by US government agencies that “COVID-19 vaccine bad” mentality.  Even though Trump recently got his shots.
Also this is one study against at least half a dozen I could point to (on a now horrible google search) which indicate the opposite.
As always, it is important to keep one’s eyes open.  But this is thin gruel indeed.
Here is link to peer review acceptance letter,
https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article/peerReview?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0293449
The study linked to was a pre-print. The study was published in a peer reviewed journal.
https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0293449
Regarding Musk’s stainless steel monster truck, The DePlorean
When I was a boy, my Cub Scout Pinewood Derby car looked just like it. It was even painted silver.
Property crime and violent crime have different solutions — here’s why Knowable
Sounds like a case for No-shit Sherlock.
Climate goals go up in smoke as US datacenters turn to coal The Register
Modern day alchemy turns coal into virtual gold (not to be confused with Fort Knox gold, which is also virtual but in a different way).
re: German industry crumbles further
GERMAN-FOREIGN-POLICY-BLOG
use google translate
Economic power in decline
The chemical industry, another key pillar of the German economy, is increasingly falling into crisis. The main causes are the abandonment of inexpensive Russian natural gas and the tariff exemption imposed by Trump on imports from the US.
https://www.german-foreign-policy.com/news/detail/10150
Outside the National Building Museum thats still open. Had arrived the evening prior in DC as a goodbye tour of sorts to America.
And now all the museums are closed.
Any suggestions?
Its grey, cloudy, quiet, and a little depressing. As it should be!
The Capitol grounds are designed by Olmsted and are quite a lovely walk. Phillips Collection gallery should not be affected by the shutdown. Also nice walk around Lincoln Memorial reflecting pool.
Walk the tidal basin which includes both the Jefferson and Roosevelt memorials – lovely walk – two of my favorite americans.
My first visit to DC was during the blizzard shutdown ´96. Never was the city more white. We were stuck in the house of an employee of the, I believe, IRS 😆.
Have fun!
p.s. don´t they have a film location tour re: HOUSE OF CARDS?
DC is a good town for Bloody Mary’s and oysters served raw on the half-shell. It is Sunday.
If you have a car, Mount Vernon, Geo. Washington’s house, is definitely worth the visit. ($28)
The Phillips Collection, near Dupont Circle, is quite good ($10). A walk in that neighborhood is also interesting.
Have a sip at Old Ebbit Grill. The founding fathers/mothers have sipped there since the mid 19th century. Just a block or two from the capitol.
Go on a road trip to a Civil War battlefield or 2~
Antietam is the craziest, you stand amazed that carnage asada happened there…
The Vietnam War memorial (Maya Lin) is deeply moving and beautiful.
Hah! You guys came through. I be walking the rest of the national mall today.
The National Building Museum is amazing by the way.
Washington Zoo was really good when I went c. 15 years ago….
It’s late in the open thread so I hope our hosts indulge me in somewhat of a rant. 
What, in practical terms, is this shutdown accomplishing, for either party?
For the Dems at least there is a tangible goal – restoring the Obamacare subsidies, along with getting some of the Medicaid cuts reversed.  I have stated that I believe the Dems are in better shape to win this poltical battle, because there is no constituency for fiscal tough medicine. 
Even there, I question the long-term strategy.  If the GOP caves, which seems likely, the Dems can claim a short term tactical win, but by the mid-terms, it will be long forgotten.  Strategically, it would have made more sense to let the subsidies expire, and the GOP would own that.  
The Republican position is even more incoherent.  They are fighting for a CR to restore Biden-era funding.  They had 9 months to pass individual appropriations bills and failed to pass a single one.  That put them in a weak position.  Beyond dereliction of duty, it shows utter incompetence of leaders like Mike Johnson and Thune.
At this point, the writing is on the wall, and we all know the Elephants are going to cave.  So why not at least negotiate?  How about demanding a 5% across-the-board spending cut in all agencies’ funding, in a new CR, in exchange for extending the subsidies?  Or a “pay-for” amount that would offset the health care subsidies? That would at least achieve a policy win – lower short-term spending.  Instead, the idiot Mike Johnson has shut down the House indefinitely.  At least that prevents them from passing another harmful bill, like more spending on Project Ukraine or forcing an AI legislative moratorium down our throats. Maybe they should just go home for the rest of 2025.
And the simple fact is that a CR extends the Biden era budget for another six weeks, erasing the DOGE cuts.  Why in the world nobody is pointing that out besides Thomas Massie is beyond my ability to understand.  
My only conclusion is that this is all Kabuki Theater, with the federal civil servants as pawns being sacrificed in an idiots’ game.
IIRC, Speaker Mike Johnson closed down the House originally to block any bills or inquiries into Israel and Gaza with the current shutdown being fortuitous for him.  Considering the limited intellectual bandwidth of the Republican Party, I suspect that planning ahead of blocking anymore debate on the Gazan genocide was too much. And I say that with sincerity.
Really, both parties are suicidal in their politics right now as they are enraging everyone not of the thirty percent or less of true believers.  That leaves a supermajority for none-of-the-above.
Thanks for the reply.  Neither party is interested in governing.  I wish “none of the above” were on the ballot.
It would be interesting to see why the government “re-opened” after shutdowns (especially since these are becoming more common.). Given that the government is increasingly there just for the oligarchs, I would not be surprised to see that shutdowns can last longer and can deeply impact the 99%. It’s probably only when the 1% get worried about their investments that the government will feel pressure to re-open.
Elvis honey is what the King would eat.
“North Korean Scammers Are Doing Architectural Design Now”
Unanswered is the question. Were they any good? Were they better than the Indians? Did they do good work?
re: The puzzle of the ‘idiot savant’ Aeon
To take this in a different direction, am I right in thinking RFJ Jr, in not connecting the dots re: autism and the phenomenon of the savant throughout history, is demonstrating he may not have this common knowledge – e.g. may not know about savants?  Otherwise he wouldn’t have gone and decided vaccines are the modern cause of autism?  
This has me thinking, no, he knows about savants, therefore this points to him being antivax before he chose autism as a convenient scapegoat to push the antivax agenda.
Kennedy was involved with legal actions trying to remove toxic mercury from the environment.  Then the anti-vax ladies found him due to his legal battles against polluters, and convinced him that mercury in vaccines was also a problem and caused autism.  I’ve seen Kennedy describe this himself.
What Kennedy is doing here is talking his book.
Anyone exposed to thimerosal before the age of 6 is now 22-24 years old
I’m 60, and if I’ve gone mad I haven’t noticed. Thimerosal appears to be impossible to get nowadays. I rock climb, mostly trad. Bat and bird guano is common on many routes, and approaches are often scrambles through thick undergrowth. I don’t think I’ve ever climbed without bleeding. Nothing beats thimerosal―it is cheap and effective, and my first-aid kit basically consists of one small bottle of it; anything besides climbing gear being superfluous. The cheap and effective part for me being a dead give-away that its banning is a conspiracy. I still have a little which by now is around 20 years old, though if anyone knows of a suitable alternative, I would be most grateful.
“EU pressures G7 countries to loan frozen Russian assets to Ukraine”
The leaders of the EU really want to get their hands on all that Russian money. They can almost taste it and it just sits there waiting to be taken. Brussels may be keen but certainly Belgium is not as that would destroy the Euroclear bank and with it international trust in the safety of money held in the EU. And here is the dodgy part-
‘The contract would take the form of an IOU to Euroclear, collectively guaranteed by European countries, which Euroclear would receive in exchange for releasing 185 billion euros in cash to the EU. Of this sum, the EU would lend up to 140 billion euros to Ukraine with zero percent interest, which would only be repaid should it receive reparations from Russia.’
An IOU? Guaranteed by countries who are going bankrupt? And which could only ever work if Russia paid reparations – which they won’t – so those EU countries would be off the hook? Here is the article explaining it-
https://kyivindependent.com/the-eus-ambitious-plan-for-frozen-russian-assets-explained/
Most of those EU countries must be really down the hole for this to look like a workable scheme. Note, not a plan but a scheme.
An “IOU”, heh heh heh. Like on  a cocktail napkin or the back of a beer cozy.
Reminds me of one of my guilty pleasures. The classic of cinema, Dumb and Dumber https://youtu.be/n73DD0kv2l4?si=uSV3Y5TzZ6N0PgR4
A IOU would be the way to make it “informal” because EU regulations impose limits to the debt that EU countries can assume every year. Not being an expert on this, even if “informal” such IOU’s would require acceptance by every individual country and quite probably approval by each Parliament/Congress of the 27 because they create a real obligation to each of the treasuries. I think this is BS politics by the EU Commission and wont get very far.
…an imbrogliou?
Grateful Dead interlude
Ship of Fools
If I were Euroclear, I’d demand some real collaterals:  maybe Wales, Alsace, Lorraine, BC, and Lower Saxony, complete with the parliaments of the countries ratifying thr agreements to cede sovereignty of these territories if the monies fail to materialize by date X. (Wasn’t that what was done routinely by British East India company?  If that was legal back then?) (/s?)
re: Germany vote recount BSW
BSW regularly updates its site on the issue (offers all press releases/expert views, video commentaries since Febr. 2025) 
use google-translate 
https://bsw-vg.de/neuauszahlungjetzt/
MrBeast Concerned That AI Slop Will Put Him Out of Business – Futurism
???
I thought the main appeal of his videos was actual people having the chance to win life-changing sums of money? And people watching the very human emotional behavior during challenges?
Does he really believe it was the stunts with objects or stunts alone that got him to this point rather than his interactions with people?
His real deal is algorithm manipulation. Stands to reason he’d be threatened by AI slop that can do more better and faster.
That is something to consider.
But if, by now, millions of those subscribers aren’t real and don’t know how to find the channel…I don’t have any words for that.
Mr. Market had been up until Friday morning, otherwise like a calm sea where stock indices had frequently been setting a new high, and within a week there was yet another new record high.  The Nasdaq and the SP 500 catching the brunt of another ” tariffs tape tantrum” makes reasonable sense, I mean Nvidia and AMD had been on a tear; AMD especially had set a new high earlier in the week.  Plenty of headlines during the week by influential investment guru talking heads about market levels and reasoning for when the market gods finally get angry.
Short run, well Trump will be Trump.  Bond yields were trending down by the end of Friday, and just realizing that tomorrow is a lighter US market day with the Columbus day holiday.
Lebanon slams deadly overnight Israeli strike – AFP
And the pattern continues.  “Ceasefire” on one front means increased attacks on another.
This is what I meant by the mistake of letting the officials treat the fronts like individual issues instead of connected.  The overall expansion also has to be addressed as a driver of conflict.
Israel has been attacking Lebanon pretty much nonstop since the ‘ceasefire’ last year and has killed at least over a hundred people and keeps destroying buildings and construction equipment and such.
And other places…that’s why I’m thinking increased attacks are now coming.
They are alao still boming Syria and Yemen.
Israel chooses when it needs a break.
Anyone who is going to buy “Elvish” honey based on an AI generated video complete with genuine native underpaid food gatherer and that oxymoronically describes a “distinct taste which can vary” deserves to be parted with their $6,800 for a kilo of what I would not be surprised to find out is high fructose corn syrup with just a soupçon of artificial and vaguely carcinogenic food additives to give just the right color and flavor.  But the bottle looks nice.
Within two seconds of pressing play I knew it was AI generated and pressed stop.  Then looked at real trees and watched some lovely birds.  A resplendent cardinal trying to enjoy a quiet(er) Sunday didn’t like the noise a woodpecker was making, chased it away.  A squirrel agreed.  AI will never substitute or replace the real.
Gooooooooood Moooooooooorning Fiatnam!
Dominos Theory was the idea that if you didn’t get your pizza delivery in 30 minutes, you’d get crazy bread as in do re mi.
The platoon would order pies and then make themselves scarce, practically guaranteeing a flow of manna~
I am one of the Californians whose housing subsidy will disappear, due to my age and health issues that is a death sentence.
And I am far from alone in that.
I suppose that this is simply part of living in a Christian Nation…
The vileness of those “Christian” impostors is boundless. I hope you and the others will find a way 🙏
All the housing programs in Northern California including the various low income and senior apartments seem to have closed for new tenants in the past few months.  I was counting on moving into one when I became older, but not anymore. I am having to sell my car to pay for my back rent in my current apartment after I hurt my back, which sucks, but at least my disability payments are still good.  So far.
I wonder if Governor Goodhair will kick in some extra replacement funding.
Best wishes, fellow commenter. Thanks for your thoughts over the years.
His name is Tom Stone.
🫡
Not to be confuse with Sharon Stone. :-)
Your guv has some surprises to spring on the populace when he finally departs.
The link references legislation that he wants to sign on the way out the door.
Maybe inspired by Biden with those gold bars tossed off the Titanic.
Legislation is sausage being made, so Golden Pudding from Gav?
Does the “world’s most expensive dessert” actually exist? I can’t imagine simply coating egg yolks in flour would dehydrate them.
I imagine dessert to taste sweet, not “rich and savoury”.
Also there’s no way $299 qualifies as the world’s most expensive. There’d be no need for guillotine watch if it did.
Indeed. Sir is clearly of refined taste. Could I interest Sir in any of the following:
$7000/scoop Japanese Gelato 
$14,500 Sri Lankan Fortress Stilt Fisherman Indulgence 
$25,000 New York Frrrozen Haute Chocolate ice cream sundae
I find it fascinating how poorly made is Sri Lankan chocolate fisherman figure. The chocolate artist must be in his “infant & Play-Doh” phase.
So it’s “the most expensive dessert in the world” that:
– is not a dessert
– is not most expensive
– maybe does not exist
Taibbi and KIrn, America This Week, 30 minute public excerpt.  Taibbi calls Katie Porter the gift that keeps on giving.  The video clips are hilarious.
https://www.racket.news/p/america-this-week-oct-10-2025-american
Enduring our 4th wildfire in 5 years in Mineral King, a massive 1.5 acre blaze lightning strike beauty in the vicinity of Homers Nose, a good 15 miles from anything of note building-wise.
It’s at around 8,000 feet and will be smothered by 4 feet of snow by  Wednesday.
The lay of the land:
https://www.summitpost.org/homers-nose/154602
That HUD cut article reveals the pathetic level of ‘real social housing’ built/ funded by the feds. $3 billion? my god. For the entire USA?  Keep in mind CA alone sends $80 billion net taxes to the fed gov’t. I’m old enough to remember too, when Clinton ‘reformed’ welfare, he also cut HUD funding more than Reagan. And if you look at the CA ‘homeless’ budget..it is mostly made of subsidy checks to landlords, and temporary warehouse shelters. Not housing workers..not dense housing permanent within our cities..but you all know this.
Well, yeah.  I love to complain about the twenty-four billion dollars funding for housing the homeless by California.  Since there are roughly 200,000 homeless in California, this would have been enough to either build enough housing or just pay directly for the rent for five years.  The cheapest way would probably be just to give the money to the homeless especially if they have a place already lined up.  Roughly forty percent of the homeless do work.  It is the cost of housing that is the real problem.  But billions spent for not much or at least too much seems to go to administration, not housing.
If you give a human a fish, teach him how to build a bullet train to nowhere, etc.
If you teach a bureaucrat how to graft, he can feed his families for weeks forever.
That is how American politics and their insider dynasties work.
Yanis Varoufakis – The working class takes revenge on the Center Left (machine translation).
Historically “Divide and Rule” has involved sticks for opponents ( With a promise of carrots if they change their tune) and carrots for supporters.
With the Trump administration we are seeing carrots for Zionists, the MIC, and the organs of State Security and sticks for everyone else.
Including what has been the Republican base, retirees, the rank and file Military, Big Ag, small businesses and the Hispanic communities.
They have been told that they do not matter in an unmistakeable way.
Just like poor people and the working class have been told  by the Democrats.
This leaves an enormous political vacuum.
.
Maybe Team Trump’s vision of the future doesn’t include the odious task of courting voters. They are acting that way.
Well the stupid Dems sure aren’t doing it either.
Yes, that nagging feeling of being used. Team Blue, “We take your support for granted, obviously”, lol, it was an easy path to becoming deplorable.
China ‘not afraid of trade war,’ accuses U.S. of ‘double standard’ for rare earths retaliation (CNBC)
Taco gonna have to taco. China holds all the cards.
China on Sunday said “we are not afraid of” a trade war with the United States after President Donald Trump vowed to impose punishing new retaliatory tariffs on Chinese imports.
A spokesperson for China’s Ministry of Commerce accused the U.S. of a “textbook double standard” with Trump’s promise on Friday to tack on additional 100% tariffs on those imports after China imposed new export controls on rare earths minerals.
That promise in a social media post by the president shook U.S. stock markets on Friday, erasing $2 trillion in equity values in a single day.
Willful threats of high tariffs are not the right way to get along with China,” the ministry spokesperson said.
“China’s position on the trade war is consistent: we do not want it, but we are not afraid of it,” they added.
The spokesperson said that the United States “for a long time … has been overstretching the concept of national security, abusing export control, taking discriminatory actions against China, and imposing unilateral long-arm jurisdiction measures on various products, including semiconductor equipment and chips.”
TACO confirmed
Stock futures rebound from Friday’s rout after Trump says China situation ‘will all be fine’: Live updates (CNBC)
That didn’t take long at all.
and charging a docking fee on any ship manufactured in China.
Military families often live by the paycheck. They are about to miss one. Christian Science Monitor
I don’t understand the issue here.  Trump has troops invading Democratic cities.  So he could make the military self-funding by just having those troops loot the cities that they invade.
There certainly is precedent: https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2024/08/18/civil-asset-forfeiture-explained/74802279007/
missed an @sarc
reality bites
I think the problem is that the troops in the 800 or so foreign bases will have a problem getting back home in time to get in on the best pillage.   Besides with enough loot on the market anything the can loot is probably going to be sold in a depressed market.
Hedges most clear analytical exposition, from ca January 2025, but timeless. 36:25.

Democracy doesn’t exist in the United States: Chris Hedges | UpFront 
With Marc Lamont Will.    I’m disappointed with Hill but he is reading from a script and isn’t up to (or programmed to not) correcting it on view of Hedges’ powerful statements. From my rough head notes:
Oligarchy = Republicans
Corporatism = Democrats
Fascism and Magical Thinking
I’m sorry I can’t fill this out for now. There is so much more.
UK – Novara Media
The Right Is Stirring Up Anti-Muslim Hate, And It’s Getting Worse | Ash Sarkar Meets Myriam François
François is brilliant, but she doesn’t envision a liberation from religious identification. Still…
They’re stirring up the same ole shit all over the Empire.
Loot foreign economies, cause unnecessary immigration, and then blame the immigrants when the bill comes do.
Like none of this is new in American 🇺🇸 History and it seems like they’re just following the same ole playbook.
We must keep our countrymen from killing each other long enough to teach them political economics.
No fucking escalation of WWIII and no more fucking civil wars. 
Until the Social Media Oligarch freaks take away this tool, we might as well use it to our advantage!
Out in the open. Let them see and let them be persuaded too.
We are all in this together.*
Trump on his way to the Middle East
Axios:
What’s next: Trump sounded enthusiastic about the international conference that will be held later on Monday in Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt in support of the peace deal.
He said the range of countries that will be in attendance signals the world is united around his plan.
Trump said he didn’t know why Netanyahu wasn’t expected to attend, noting that the Egyptian hosts handled the guest list.
But he said he thinks it’s good that Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas will attend.
BP: Bibi in a bunker, scrawling “made in Iran, honestly guv” on some missiles? 
/sarc(ish)
re: labour movement history
JACOBIN
Why the Deck Is Stacked Against Workers Under Capitalism
By Paul Heideman 
Workers must organize for power, while capitalists wield it individually through property rights. This fundamental asymmetry, as German sociologist Claus Offe explained, creates a chain of obstacles that make working-class collective action uniquely difficult.
https://jacobin.com/2025/10/claus-offe-power-labor-capital
study:
Unlawful U.S. employers are charged with violating federal law in 41.5% of all union election campaigns	
https://www.epi.org/publication/unlawful-employer-opposition-to-union-election-campaigns/
re: France oligarchy
JACOBIN
In France, Too, Billionaire Tycoons Are Silencing Their Critics
An interview with  Marc Endeweld 
In France, right-wingers love to pose as defenders of free speech. Yet the takeover of media by a cast of billionaire pro-Trump tycoons means that just a handful of individuals have a veto over huge swaths of the press.
https://jacobin.com/2025/10/france-media-macron-billionaires-bollore-sterin-kretinsky
“(…)
In France, there’s been much hubbub over a series of acquisitions of historic media properties by Vincent Bolloré, a billionaire who promotes a reactionary political agenda. Yet, less in the spotlight is the preexisting dominance of France’s media by a coterie of billionaires, all with varying interests and a desire to avoid scrutiny.
This billionaire control of French media has left it vulnerable to the same sort of pressures Trump is currently subjecting the US’s servile media to. And with a growing class of pro-Trump tycoons in France, its media isn’t far behind America’s own in the race to the right.
Marc Endeweld is one of France’s best investigative journalists. He has spent the last decade producing deep investigations into who holds power in France and what they do with it, often through the lens of Emmanuel Macron’s government. 
Endeweld left the center-left magazine Marianne in March, citing the unfavorable winds coming from the publication’s billionaire ownership.
In this interview with Jacobin’s Marlon Ettinger, Endeweld discusses the pro-Trump billionaire class dominating French business, their media interests and ulterior motives, and how foreign correspondents in the country sway in the wind at the slight push from their ownership.
(…)”
re: Black Panthers, Marxism, California 60s
book review of
Gerald Horne, Armed Struggle?: Panthers and Communists, Black Nationalists and Liberals in Southern California Through the Sixties and Seventies (New York: International Publishers, 2024), 692 pages, paperback, $36.99
Black Scare in California: Blacks, Reds, and Revolution in the 1960s and ’70s
by Joel Wendland-Liu
https://monthlyreview.org/articles/black-scare-in-california-blacks-reds-and-revolution-in-the-1960s-and-70s/
excerpt from Assessment
“(…)
Horne’s history of mid-twentieth-century Southern California underscores two critical points. First, he elevates those who affirmed Black people’s right to self-defense against racist state and vigilante violence. Yet, the Davis case, student movements, and the Communist Party’s survival amid repression proved that fascism had not taken root. This condition revealed the flaws in the Black Panther Party’s estimate of the balance of forces, leading to its grave tactical errors.
This misstep stemmed from a flawed political analysis: an overestimation of the lumpenproletariat as the revolutionary vanguard, a failure to build alliances with Cuba and the USSR, and Cleaver’s sabotage of existing leftist ties or domestic solidarity with other antifascist forces. Worse, the Black Panther Party’s racialist lens led them to align with China—which, ironically, was a U.S. foreign policy ally at the time. Even further, China, which had cultivated a positive relationship with Washington, was not positioned to make demands for redress of the U.S. domestic scene.
Horne’s key insight, however, is that the Panthers’ strongest appeal lay in their stark diagnosis of a deeper problem: the white U.S. working class’s divided loyalties. He adds that the Black Communist and California native Porter made a critical observation requiring careful analysis. The Panthers were driven by a palpable “lack of confidence in the mettle of broad sectors of the Euro-American working class”; a factor that also attracted many Black community members to the movement. By contrast, a generalized adherence to white supremacy among most white people—and their refusal critically to consider their relation to settler colonialism—enabled and fostered “the nettle of class collaboration” among white citizens.
(…)
Ultimately, Armed Struggle? serves as a cautionary tale, emphasizing the necessity of multiracial working-class solidarity, strategic international alliances, and a clear-eyed analysis of political conditions. Horne’s work reaffirms that while militant resistance to oppression is justified, lasting liberation requires disciplined organization, principled coalitions, and a steadfast commitment to combating racism and capitalism, which are integrally linked. The lessons of this era remain urgently relevant in today’s struggles for racial and economic justice confronting Donald Trump’s drive for authoritarianism.
(…)”.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
 





	SUBSCRIPTIONS
"
65,2025-10-12,"In bad news for the housing market, there has been a dramatic rise in foreclosure filings across the US in the last year. Sound familiar? Via the Daily Mail:
In July through September there were a total of 101,513 US properties with foreclosure filings, according to the latest report from real estate data company ATTOM. 
This is a huge 17 percent rise from the same period in 2024. 
In September alone, there were 35,602 homes with foreclosure filings across the US — up 20 percent from a year ago.
Foreclosure is when a bank or lender takes back a home because the owner has fallen behind on their required mortgage payments. 
Florida has been hit especially hard this year, with residents grappling with soaring insurance costs and homeowners association fees. 
'In 2025, we've seen a consistent pattern of foreclosure activity trending higher, with both starts and completions posting year-over-year increases for consecutive quarters,' said Rob Barber, CEO at ATTOM. 
'While these figures remain within a historically reasonable range, the persistence of this trend could be an early indicator of emerging borrower strain in some areas.'
The economy is fragile. Especially locally. Keep an eye on foreclosures and why they are up 17%.  We cannot afford this shutdown. We cannot afford RIFs. We cannot afford Trump’s major disruption on so many fronts: agriculture, energy, supply chain/  manufacturing, labor AND government, plus more.
— Mad Houser/AltHUD (@madhouser.altgov.info) 2025-10-10T22:02:21.454Z
Here come the foreclosures 
History is repeating itself
www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/hou...
— SnickerSnacker (@snickersnacker.bsky.social) 2025-10-07T14:26:06.818Z
Trump’s Failing #Economy:  Financial pressures are bearing down on #homeowners struggling with rising costs of #housing, #groceries, #energy bills, #insurance coverage, & more.
#trump #mortgage #foreclosures #inflation #stagflation #gasoline #fuel #bluesky #impeach47 #midterms #bluewave #megaboost
— Blue Wave 🌊 2028🗽 (@jmzmuda.bsky.social) 2025-10-07T02:14:17.372Z
For over 20 years we have been exposing Washington lies and untangling media deceit, but social media is limiting our ability to attract new readers. Please give a one-time or recurring donation, or buy a year's subscription for an ad-free experience. Thank you.
To become an ad-free subscriber please select one of the following two options. Once you click your selected plan a window will open taking you to Admiral, our ad-free partner.
If you don't mind the ads and would rather donate, please select one of the options below:"
66,2025-10-12,"Albertsons Companies (ACI) shares have edged slightly lower over the past month, with the stock dipping about 9%. Investors may be paying close attention to ..."
67,2025-10-12,"IPOs are among the most-watched events in the stock markets, and rightly so. They bring new blood to the market’s body in the form of new stocks for..."
68,2025-10-12,"Watch CBS News

October 12, 2025 / 7:30 PM EDT
            / CBS News
          
Stocks took a nosedive on Friday after President Trump threatened a big tariff hike on China. Until then, Wall Street had been at record highs for months, which is why we decided to check in with Andrew Ross Sorkin, one of the country's most influential financial reporters. 
He's just written a book called ""1929"" about the market crash a century ago. We wondered if he'd run out of news to cover, or is he alerting us that what's been happening in the markets lately – is a replay of what led to the most devastating financial collapse in our history?
Imagine the New York Stock Exchange back then: the crush of frightened traders dumping stocks, investors losing their shirts, businesses, their homes, sweeping away the Roaring '20s, walking that same but transformed floor today.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: Everything's digital.
Lesley Stahl: Well, yeah, OK.
Andrew Ross Sorkin says we're in our own roaring '20s: the 2020s. with stocks climbing for months, just like then.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: The crazy part about this is, from 1928 to September of 1929, the stock market was up 90%!
Lesley Stahl: When you say the stock market was way up, immediately I think of now. Are you scared?
Andrew Ross Sorkin: I'm anxious. I'm anxious that we are at prices that may not feel sustainable. And what I don't know is we are either living through some kind of remarkable boom and part of that's artificial intelligence and technology and all of that, or everything's overpriced.
Lesley Stahl: Or we're reliving-- 
Andrew Ross Sorkin: 1929. 
Andrew Ross Sorkin: There was so much anxiety.
Sorkin has covered the markets for two decades. He joined the New York Times after college, soon founding the DealBook newsletter covering finance. He also co-hosts ""Squawk Box"" on CNBC, runs the DealBook Summit, where he interviews the high and mighty, he co-created ""Billions"" the TV show, wrote a bestseller about the 2008 crash, and now, a book about 1929. 
Lesley Stahl: We're always being undone by bubbles. There was the internet bubble in 2000, the housing in 2008. Are we in another bubble? An AI bubble or something like that?
Andrew Ross Sorkin: I think it's hard to say we're not in a bubble of some sort. The question is always when is the bubble going to pop?
Lesley Stahl: One symptom of a bubble is when the market goes up and up, but the underlying economy – the real economy - goes soft. And that appears to be happening right now.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: I would argue to you that the economy is being propped up, almost artificially, by the artificial intelligence boom. There are hundreds of billions of dollars that are being invested today in artificial intelligence. This is either a gold rush or a sugar rush and we probably won't know for a couple of years which one it is.
1929 was a sugar rush caused by speculation and debt. People who didn't really have much money were lured by Wall Street bankers to invest using a newfangled concept to take on debt, called credit. You only had to put down 10% of the stock price, borrowing the rest from your broker.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: Prior to 1919, most people did not take on credit or debt at all. It was a sin. It was a moral sin to use credit–
Lesley Stahl: Oh, really?
Andrew Ross Sorkin: --to buy anything. And it was really General Motors that basically came up with the idea that we're gonna lend you money so you can afford to buy our cars.
Lesley Stahl: Brilliant.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: And then the bankers realize what's happening, and they realize that they can lend out money so that more folks can buy stocks. It was all sort of wrapped in the flag of democratizing access. And in good times, when the stock is going up, it's like free money. In bad times, you're on the hook, and you're on the hook in a very bad way.
Since then, laws, regulations, and agencies have been put in place to protect investors - especially the less affluent - from being exploited.
Lesley Stahl: We put up barriers after 1929.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: Yes.
Lesley Stahl: Protections.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: Yes.
Lesley Stahl: So those are coming down. They're tumbling down one -- the SEC rules aren't as stringent anymore.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: Yes. The Consumer Protection Bureau practically doesn't exist anymore.
Lesley Stahl: Correct.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: That's what concerns me. It's not that we're going off a cliff tomorrow. It's that there's speculation in the market today, there's an increasing amount of debt in the market today, and all of that's happening against the backdrop of the guardrails coming off.
Including guardrails that allow only the wealthy to invest directly in private companies that have fewer regulations, like AI startups before they go public.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: So over the last 20 or 30 years, folks who had access to, who could invest in private equity, in venture capital, clearly outperformed folks who didn't. And so–
Lesley Stahl: That's how you really made money. But you have to remember that these kind of assets are gambles.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: Public companies, after the SEC was created, were required to have all sorts of disclosure rules so that the public could understand what's going on inside them. Private companies don't have that. But historically, the average ordinary American wasn't really allowed to invest in the private companies. But in this flag of democratizing finance, there's a lot of people who want access to that. 
Lesley Stahl: Wow.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: Isn't this something?
Lesley Stahl: This is spectacular.
Sorkin took us to the Fifth Avenue mansion of one of the big bankers back then, who pushed democratization. 
Lesley Stahl: If this idea of bringing a regular guy into buying stock, if that was a big problem back in 1929 why are we going there again? Doesn't it defy some kind of logic?
Andrew Ross Sorkin: There is a view that it's been only the elites that have had access to these investments, Facebook before it ever went public, Uber before it went public. So there is this idea that it's unfair, actually, to the ordinary investor because we haven't allowed them to get access to some of these investment opportunities early. And there is a real push, partially by the Trump administration, partially by the industry itself, which wants to–
Lesley Stahl: Get more money.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: Get more money in-- to open up the market to more and more people. 
Lesley Stahl: So we have these guardrails for a reason. I mean, they're there to protect, and they have protected.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: They have protected a lot of people, but some people would say they protected people from getting rich. 
Larry Fink: Many people don't believe in capitalism anymore. And I think a lot of it is because they were not a part of the growth of the economy.
We went to Larry Fink, CEO of Blackrock, the world's biggest money manager, handling $12.5 trillion in assets, like pension funds. His annual letter to investors is a kind of industry roadmap. This latest one he suggested opening our retirement 401(k)s – bastions of caution – to riskier private investments in the name of, wait for it: democratizing investing.
Larry Fink: As I wrote, there are many great opportunities to be investing in the s- in startup companies, to invest in AI or data centers. Right now, we're precluded to put those type of assets in many retirement products. And the Trump administration has now said we're going to allow in our 401(k) products the opportunity to invest in these private markets.
Lesley Stahl: But, they are risky. Aren't they?
Larry Fink: Yes. But everything is risky other than keeping your money in a bank account overnight.
Lesley Stahl: But we're talking about 401(k)s.
Larry Fink: Yes.
Lesley Stahl: Investing out of retirement accounts.
Larry Fink: Yes.
Lesley Stahl: You're risking the nest egg or part of the-- a little part of the nest egg. 
Larry Fink: But what the markets will teach you over the last 100 years, even at the worst moments, if you have the ability to persevere and you have a long-term horizon, you're going to do fine. And a diversified portfolio is essential. We're not suggesting, you know, one shoe fits all. We are suggesting the opportunity to have that ability to invest in these private market investments.
He also believes we should be investing in crypto. 
Lesley Stahl: It wasn't that long ago that the big bankers, Jamie Dimon and Larry Fink, were saying that crypto was stupid and a fraud.
Larry Fink: I did say Bitcoin, because we were talking about Bitcoin then, was the domain of money launderers and thieves. But you know, the markets teach you, you have to always relook at your assumptions. There is a role for crypto in the same way there is a role for gold, that is it's an alternative. For those looking to diversify this is not a bad asset, but I don't believe that it should be a large component of your portfolio.
But Sorkin says some crypto can be abused in ways similar to 1929. Take meme coins: cryptocurrencies that can be manipulated by speculators who pumped them up, then let them crash. 
Andrew Ross Sorkin: There are a number of examples where it felt like there was an inside group of people who were colluding to pump up some of these cryptocurrencies, and other things. I'll give you a bizarre story of my own. I was on television with Larry Fink, and he makes a joke, I think, about how there should be a Sorkin coin. Well, two hours later, somebody makes a Sorkin coin. And all of a sudden, this Sorkin coin is now worth millions of dollars. And I'm watching it.
Lesley Stahl: Are you serious?
Andrew Ross Sorkin: Go up, and up, and up, and up, and up. 
The sorkin coin peaked at $170 million worth of trading in a day. 
Andrew Ross Sorkin: And I think today it does something like $20 or $21 a day, so…
Lesley Stahl: [makes spiral noise] 
Sorkin is trusted by the world's top business leaders, who talk to him often exclusively. 
Lesley Stahl: What role do you think these business leaders should be playing now?
Andrew Ross Sorkin: My own view is that most CEOs in America today are very scared to speak out publicly about anything. They are so worried that they are going to be potentially attacked by the administration, or regulated. They're gonna have a merger in front of some agency that's not gonna be allowed to go through. They are so nervous about criticizing anything that's going on with this administration.
Lesley Stahl: There are some economists who suggest that because Mr. Trump ties his success to the success of the market, that he's not gonna let anything like what happened in 1929 happen. And that we should feel secure because of that.
Andrew Ross Sorkin: I think it's hard to know how things get out of control. When confidence disappears, it happens like this. [SNAP] 
Lesley Stahl: So, you spent nearly 10 years on this book. The inevitable question is: do you think that we will have a crash or not?
Andrew Ross Sorkin: The answer is we will have a crash; I just can't tell you when, and I can't tell you how deep. But I can assure you, unfortunately, I wish I wasn't saying this, we will have a crash.
Produced by Shachar Bar-On. Associate producer, Jinsol Jung. Broadcast associate, Aria Een. Edited by Sean Kelly.

      © 2025 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
    

                  (13:11)
              
Copyright ©2025 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved."
69,2025-10-12,"Just because a business does not make any money, does not mean that the stock will go down. For example, although..."
70,2025-10-12,"A Satoshi-era Bitcoin whale opened over $1.1 billion in short positions against BTC and ETH just before President Donald Trump announced 100% tariffs on Chinese imports, generating an estimated $27 million in unrealized profits as markets crashed.
The trader, identified by blockchain tracking firm as a “Bitcoin OG” who held 86,000 BTC from 2011, deposited funds into Hyperliquid starting October 9 to establish highly leveraged bets against the crypto market’s top two assets.
As the market drops, this ‘s $1.1B+ short positions in and are now sitting on an unrealized profit of over $27M.Did he have insider information? — Lookonchain (@lookonchain) Whale Doubles Down 30 Minutes Before Trump Speech
The whale’s positions include a 10x leveraged short on 6,189 BTC valued at $752.9 million with a liquidation price of $130,810, and a 12x leveraged short on 81,203 ETH worth $353.1 million with a liquidation price of $4,589. 
The timing sparked widespread speculation about insider knowledge, with the trader doubling down on shorts just 30 minutes before Trump’s tariff announcement that sent Bitcoin plunging from above $122,000 to briefly below $102,000.
According to on-chain analyst @mlmabc, the whale approximately 90% of Bitcoin shorts and completely exited Ethereum positions at the bottom of the drop, pocketing between $190 million and $200 million in realized profits within a single day.
In case you didn’t know – the BTC whale closed 90% of his BTC short and fully closed his ETH short, making around $190–$200M profit in just one day on Hyperliquid.The crazy part is that he shorted another 9 figs worth of BTC and ETH minutes before the cascade happened. And this… — MLM (@mlmabc) 
Lookonchain data the trader began accumulating the short positions on October 9 by depositing 80 million USDC into Hyperliquid, followed by additional deposits totaling tens of millions throughout the week leading up to the crash.
The market collapse triggered over 1.66 million liquidations in 24 hours, wiping out $19.33 billion in positions according to CoinGlass data.
Although Mlmabc that the “liquidation figure floating around is fake, the real number is likely much higher, somewhere in the $30B-$40B+ range.”
Long positions accounted for $16.83 billion of losses, while shorts contributed over $2.49 billion. 
Bitcoin and Ethereum led liquidations at $5.38 billion and $4.43 billion, respectively, followed by Solana at $2.01 billion and XRP at $708 million. 
Hyperliquid saw the largest single liquidation, an ETH-USDT position worth $203.36 million. According to Mlmbac, Hyperliquid alone saw “nearly $7B liquidated.”Satoshi-Era Holder’s Trading History Fuels Conspiracy Theories
The whale’s identity traces back to 2011 when he accumulated 86,000 BTC during Bitcoin’s earliest years. 
On-chain records show he sold 35,991 BTC worth $4.43 billion starting August 20 to purchase 886,371 ETH valued at $4.07 billion at a 0.0406 exchange rate on Hyperliquid. 
The trader still holds 49,634 BTC worth approximately $5.43 billion across four wallets, maintaining substantial exposure despite the aggressive shorting strategy.
On October 8, just one day before establishing the massive short positions, the whale 3,000 BTC for 363.87 million USDC at an average price of $121,291, positioning himself with significant stablecoin liquidity. 
He then deployed 80 million USDC to open a 6x short on 3,477 BTC worth $419 million with a liquidation price of $140,660, while depositing an additional 50 million USDC into Binance for potential similar trades.
The whale continued scaling positions throughout October 10, depositing 30 million USDC to open a 12x short on 76,242 ETH valued at $330 million with a liquidation price of $4,613. 
Community speculation intensified after crypto researcher Maartunn the correlation between the whale’s Satoshi-era origins and potential government connections, suggesting insider ties may have provided advance knowledge of Trump’s tariff announcement.
This Bitcoin O.G. 👇> Held 86K BTC from the Satoshi-era (2011)> Sold near the top in August 2025> Started selling again around $122K (now)> Opened short positions on BTC & ETH> Market dumped after tariff newsConnecting the dots: Satoshi-era OG have insider ties to the U.S.… — Maartunn (@JA_Maartun) 
Social media erupted with accusations of market manipulation, with multiple analysts the sequence “one of the biggest insider trades in history.” 
Critics pointed to the precise timing of position increases just before Trump’s speech, the whale’s exits at exact market bottoms, and the coordinated nature of linked wallets copying similar trades within hours.Trump Tariffs Trigger Historic Deleveraging Event
President Trump announced the 100% tariff on Chinese imports scheduled for November 1 in response to Beijing’s new export restrictions on products containing over 0.1% rare earth elements. 
The tariff also includes new export controls targeting critical software industries.
Trump later hinted he could reverse the tariffs if China changes course before the deadline, potentially triggering a short-term crypto market recovery.
The global crypto market cap fell over 9% in 24 hours to $3.8 trillion as the sell-off accelerated.
Bitcoin dropped from above $122,000 to around $113,600, wiping out all gains since August before briefly dipping below $102,000.Source: TradingView
Ethereum and other major altcoins followed similar trajectories, with some assets declining 60% to 90% during the three-hour crash that erased approximately $1 trillion in market value.
Analysts the event as one of the year’s most severe liquidation episodes. 
Despite the whale’s profitable exits, the crash left 1.66 million traders liquidated and billions in losses locked in. 
Trump’s approval rating fell to 40% amid the ongoing government shutdown, with 86% of Polymarket traders expecting the shutdown to continue past October 15.
Select market data provided by ICE Data Services. Select reference data provided by FactSet. Copyright © 2025 FactSet Research Systems Inc.Copyright © 2025, American Bankers Association. CUSIP Database provided by FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. SEC fillings and other documents provided by Quartr.© 2025 TradingView, Inc. "
71,2025-10-12,"If you're sitting on the fence about Prudential Financial stock, you're not alone. With a history as sturdy as its name, but recent swings that may have made..."
72,2025-10-12,American Express (AXP) shares have been a point of conversation among investors after a modest dip of about 3% over the past month. The company’s steady...
73,2025-10-12,"ByBrett Owens,
Contributor.
Closed-end funds (CEFs) are the last bargains left on the board. CEFs are often confused with mutual funds and ETFs, but they are different because they often trade at discounts to their net asset values (NAVs).
For contrarians like us looking for deals, this is key.
CEF trading is relatively thin. This created inefficiencies, such as select CEFs trading for as cheap as 95 or even 90 cents on the dollar.
Plus, some of them dish big dividends—like these five.
Let’s start with the Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Dividend Income Fund (EVT)—a CEF that buys not just common stocks, but also preferred stocks, that distribute qualified dividends. Qualified dividends are taxed at the more favorable long-term capital gains tax rates; non-qualified dividends, like those paid by most real estate investment trusts (REITs), face less favorable short-term capital gains rates.
EVT’s four managers currently hold an 80/20 blend of common and preferred stocks, with the traditional equity “sleeve” made up of about 80 predominantly large-cap stocks. Names like JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Abbott Laboratories (ABT) and NextEra Energy (NEE) would be right at home in a bog-standard dividend fund.
But while that fund would likely pay 2% or so, EVT delivers 4x that number, at 8% currently. (And it’s a monthly dividend payer, no less.)
Part of that high yield we can chalk up to leverage—management borrows additional funds to invest even more money in their picks, which amplifies yields and gains if we’re fortunate, and amplifies losses if we’re not. Leverage currently sits at about 20% of assets.
But the other part of it is the nature of those distributions. When Eaton Vance’s fund sends out a monthly distribution, dividend income is only a (small) portion of that. The rest is capital gains, usually of the long-term variety. It’s a “managed” distribution, too—the typical dividend fund’s income will vary from one period to the next, but EVT’s monthly payout hasn’t changed since April 2024, when the CEF raised its distribution by about 11%.
The strategy doesn’t give us much of an edge over basic dividend funds, however—at least not longer-term.
Right now, valuation is on EVT’s side, as the fund trades at a roughly 8% discount to NAV that’s wider than its longer-term 5% average.
Options strategies are popular in CEFLand. Sometimes they’re complementary to the primary strategy, but sometimes they’re the whole point.
The latter is the case with the Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Buy-Write Opportunities (ETV). It holds a portfolio of 150, mostly large-cap stocks like Nvidia (NVDA), Microsoft (MSFT) and Apple (AAPL), then sells covered calls on a few major market indexes like the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite to generate income, which it distributes to its shareholders monthly.
Funds that sell covered calls—especially those where the strategy revolves around it—are designed to limit downside and provide income.
On that front, actively managed covered-call strategies like ETV are better than comparable plain-vanilla index ETFs.
Better still? We can sometimes buy that protection on the cheap; while ETV tends to trade on par with its NAV, we can buy the fund and its monthly distributions at 94 cents on the dollar.
BlackRock Enhanced Global Dividend Trust (BOE) is like a mix of ETV and EVT, with global exposure (read: U.S. and international stocks) mixed in.
Management has built a roughly 50-stock portfolio that’s currently split 65/35 across U.S. and international stocks, but that blend can and will change over time. When I’ve looked at this fund in past years, I’ve seen it hold as much as half of assets in international stocks, which is higher than the typical global fund.
But like ETV and EVT, everything revolves around blue chips. It holds U.S. mega-caps like Microsoft and Broadcom (AVGO), but also developed-market names like AstraZeneca (AZN) and even emerging-market giants like Taiwan Semiconductor (TSM) and Alibaba (BABA).
International stocks might pay more than domestics, but BOE still yields roughly 3x more than most global ETFs. It’s not leverage, which is vanishingly thin, but a covered call strategy—one that helps fund a monthly distribution north of 8%.
We’re not expecting to outperform a basic index over time, but we do expect less volatility and smaller drawdowns.
An 8.7% discount to NAV would seem to give us an edge right now, but it’s a shallower markdown than its longer-term 11% average.
Many sector ETFs and mutual funds are usually faithful to one slice of the market. We buy technology funds for technology stocks, and bank funds for bank stocks.
But CEFs like the BlackRock Resources & Commodities Strategy Trust (BCX) aren’t afraid to “cross the streams.”
BCX primarily invests in stocks “issued by commodity or natural resources companies,” meaning that the portfolio straddles the energy and materials sectors. The management team has assembled a tight portfolio of just 45 companies including integrated energy majors like Shell (SHEL) and Exxon Mobil (XOM), but also metals and minerals specialists like Wheaton Precious Metals (WPM) and Freeport McMoRan (FCX). The fund also may invest in derivatives, and it also sells covered calls to enhance its dividend yield.
The result?
It’s not always that way. Longer-term, BCX has struggled to capture some of the biggest moves in metals, at least in part because of its covered-call strategy.
Like with many CEFs, the best chance for success is buying while the fund is cheap. We can currently buy BlackRock’s fund for a 6% discount, but it’s not really a deal compared to its long-term average discount of 10%.
We get a more targeted energy play (and the highest yield of the bunch, at nearly 10%) from the ClearBridge Energy Midstream Opportunity Fund (EMO).
Co-Managers Peter Vanderlee and Patrick McElroy own just 20 companies. But it’s a who’s who of midstream companies (firms that operate pipelines, storage, terminals and other energy assets), including regular stocks such as Targa Resources (TRGP) and ONEOK (OKE), as well as master limited partnerships (MLPs) such as Energy Transfer LP (ET) and Enterprise Products Partners LP (EPD).
Unlike with the other CEFs mentioned above, EMO’s holdings do a lot of the talking as it pertains to the monthly distribution. MLPs are among some of the highest-yielding securities in the stock market. But the fund still pays more than most MLP ETFs thanks to high leverage of nearly 30%.
EMO trails its benchmark, the Alerian MLP Index—represented in the chart below by the Alerian MLP ETF (AMLP)—by 30 percentage points since inception in 2011. But since 2023 EMO has nearly doubled the return of AMLP, thanks to its aggressive leverage.
EMO has the deepest discount on this list—we currently can buy shares at 91 cents on the dollar. But thanks to its hot performance, it’s actually expensive in historical terms, trading well above its longer-term 15% average discount.
Brett Owens is Chief Investment Strategist for Contrarian Outlook. For more great income ideas, get your free copy his latest special report: How to Live off Huge Monthly Dividends (up to 7.6%) — Practically Forever.
Disclosure: none"
74,2025-10-12,Stocks are approaching a clear test after investors were left in the fog of a government shutdown this month and rattled by fresh tariff fears Friday.
75,2025-10-12,"Binance has voluntarily announced compensation for users who incurred losses due to platform's disruptions late Friday that triggered a significant price crash in wrapped beacon ether (wBETH), Binance Staked SOL (BNSOL), and Ethereum's synthetic dollar USDe.
""Due to significant market fluctuations over the past 16 hours and a substantial influx of users, some users have encountered issues with their transactions. I deeply apologize for this. If you have incurred losses attributable to Binance, please contact our customer service to register your case,"" Yi He, co-founder and chief customer officer at Binance, said on X.
He added that the exchange will review account activity on a case-by-case basis to determine compensation, emphasizing that losses due to market fluctuations and unrealized profits are not eligible for compensation.
Binance's wrapped beacon ether (wBETH) price plunged to as low as $430 around 21:40 UTC on Friday, representing a staggering 88% discount compared to the ether-tether (ETH/USDT) spot price, which was trading above $3,800 at the same time.
The Binance Staked SOL (BNBSOL) also tanked to $34.90, trading at a massive discount to the spot price of solana. Meanwhile, Ethena's synthetic dollar USDe, which uses the delta neutral cash-and-carry, slipped rapidly to 65 cents around the same time as wBETH and BNBSOL crashed.
Tokens like wBETH and BNBSOL are designed to track the spot price of their underlying assets closely.
Binance valued these wrapped assets based on their spot market prices, as noted by AltLayer founder YQ Jia on X. Under normal conditions, arbitrageurs help maintain these prices close to their fundamental values by simultaneously buying the cheaper asset and selling the more expensive one.
However, as Binance's infrastructure came under stress due to increased market volatility and massive liquidations, market makers and arbitrageurs couldn't access the primary markets and execute trades efficiently, causing a breakdown in price alignment. It led to a crash in wrapped tokens.
""Binance represents perhaps 50% of global spot volume. When they [market makers] can't access Binance—either to hedge positions or even see prices—they're flying blind. Would you provide bids for wBETH at $2,000 when you can't see what's happening on the largest market? Of course not,"" Jia noted.
Jia added that market makers' inability to participate created a liquidity vacuum, reminiscent of portfolio insurance in 1987 – ""mechanisms designed for normal markets that become procyclical accelerants during crashes.""
Within 24 hours of the crash, Binance announced a shift to using conversion-ratio pricing for wrapped assets.
Instead of valuing wBETH based on volatile and distressed spot market trades, the exchange would now price it according to the underlying staking ratio, which represents the actual amount of ETH each wrapped token represents.
The change means a more stable and accurate valuation during times of market stress by disconnecting wrapped token prices from short-term spot market fluctuations.
More For You
Total Crypto Trading Volume Hits Yearly High of $9.72T
Combined spot and derivatives trading on centralized exchanges surged 7.58% to $9.72 trillion in August, marking the highest monthly volume of 2025
What to know: 
More For You
BlackRock's IBIT Bucks the Trend with Continued Inflows Despite Weak Bitcoin Price Action
Despite the largest ETF outflow in weeks and a sharp bitcoin price drop, IBIT continues to attract capital.
What to know: 
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
76,2025-10-12,"The era of cheap high-revving engines that once screamed up and down America's highways has largely faded as fuel economy and emissions regulations have forced automakers to rethink how modern cars make power. Instead of having engines spending lots of time running near the redline, modern vehicles are tuned to deliver ample power in low rpm ranges to satisfy modern consumers and regulatory agencies. Automakers also now calibrate drivetrains to favor fuel savings over cool sounds as United States Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) standards climb toward the 50.4 miles per gallon benchmark established for 2031.
These ever-increasing requirements for an automaker's entire fleet encourage a strategy known as ""downspeeding."" This involves the use of higher transmission and axle ratios to keep engines turning slower when cruising  to boost fuel efficiency and reduce emissions. Most vehicles that are produced today have computer-controlled automatic transmissions or CVTs which are tuned for smooth, low-rpm operation. Meanwhile, noise and particulate regulations — particularly in Europe — have prompted engineers to make quieter cars, further muting what used to be a symphony of pistons and valves.
Over the past two decades or so, automakers have employed a few tactics to maximize low-rpm torque and real-world efficiency. Turbocharging small-displacement engines allows them to produce torque comparable to larger naturally aspirated units at lower rpm, reducing the need for high-rev running. Electronic CVTs and six and eight- speed automatics also work to keep engines operating within their most efficient rpm range during acceleration and highway cruising. This helps with fuel economy and power delivery while simultaneously making cars run more quietly.
This also ensures smoother and more consistent acceleration, and hybrid drive trains maximize these effects. Their electric motors silently supply low-speed torque, allowing the internal combustion engine to remain in a narrow, efficient band as much as possible. In combination, all these engineering choices have pushed the high-rev screamers off to the shoulder while making modern cars ready for the future.
In the United States, the math is simple: fuel economy rules and industry regulations are used to influence design, production, and sales. In many other countries, they let taxes do the work. In Japan and Singapore, annual road tax is assessed according to engine displacement. Indonesia and Thailand base taxes on emissions, and European drivers pay an annual fee based on their car's fuel consumption and emissions rating. 
Carmakers in all of these markets use automatics with closely spaced gear ratios and CVTs for better fuel economy and a quieter ride by tuning them to minimize engine revs and this fuel-saving tactic has the added consequence of reducing engine and exhaust noise. In today's new car market, the affordable high-rpm options are pretty much gone and you'll have to pay more to get an engine that really sings. For example, the 2025 Toyota GR Corolla's engine goes to 7,000 rpm and the 2025 Volkswagen Golf R Black Edition can rev to 6,600, but both cars cost over $50,000. The 2022 Porsche 911 GT3 still revs to 9,000 rpm, but it starts at $161,000. You can still find cheap used '80s and '90s screamers like the 1997 Honda Del Sol with a 1.6-liter V-TEC engine that revs at up to 7,600 rpm, though. Kelley Blue Book values this fun machine at around $4,000 depending on variant, mileage and location."
77,2025-10-12,"Gold and silver ETFs together constitute 71.9% of total passive fund flows of Rs 19,057 crore, highlighting investors’ growing preference for precious metals as a portfolio diversifier amid global market volatility, according to a monthly note by the Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI).
Best MF to invest
 Looking for the best mutual funds to invest? Here are our recommendations.

(Catch all the Mutual Fund News, Breaking News, Budget 2024 Events and Latest News Updates on The Economic Times.)
Subscribe to The Economic Times Prime and read the ET ePaper online.
(Catch all the Mutual Fund News, Breaking News, Budget 2024 Events and Latest News Updates on The Economic Times.)
Subscribe to The Economic Times Prime and read the ET ePaper online.

Indian sky wars: As Noida and Adani Airport loom, can GMR keep its altitude?
The rupee’s fall might just be its rise. Here’s why!
OpenAI-Oracle-Nvidia deals: Big AI moves or just balance-sheet games?
Trading the change: Why India’s brokers are shifting from access to advice
Stock Radar: Swiggy showing signs of bottoming out after falling nearly 30% from highs; time to buy?
Sound businesses are the best antidote for volatility: 6 large- and mid-cap stocks with an upside potential of up to 30%
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Commodities
Top Prime Articles
Top Story Listing
Top Slideshow
Top Definitions
Private Companies
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime








What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
Buy low & sell high with access to Stock Score, Upside potential & more. 
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
TimesPrime Subscription
Access 20+ premium subscriptions like Spotify, Uber One & more.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Leadership | Entrepreneurship People | Culture
Leadership | Entrepreneurship People | Culture
Leadership | Entrepreneurship People | Culture
Leadership | Entrepreneurship People | Culture
Leadership | Entrepreneurship People | Culture
Stories you might be interested in"
78,2025-10-12,"Third Point Management holds $72,000,000 worth of Workday, Inc. (NASDAQ:WDAY) shares, representing 0.94% of its portfolio. The stock is included in our list ..."
79,2025-10-12,"Login

Michail 
12 October 2025


Huawei HarmonyOS Smart wearables Review Featured

As the reigning leader in the global wearables market, Huawei has been refining its premium smartwatches with a focus on more accurate health and activity tracking. Watch GT 6 Pro arrives as the successor to last year’s GT 5 Pro with a familiar look and updates on several fronts.
On the hardware side, there’s a slightly larger and much brighter OLED screen, improved positioning accuracy, and a larger battery. Huawei is also offering an updated TruSense system alongside improved algorithms for more accurate health readings.
As for sports tracking, there's an all-new virtual power meter for cyclists, and vector maps for golfers, alongside its top-notch run tracking.
Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro specifications

Display: 1.47” AMOLED touchscreen, 466 x 466 px resolution, 60Hz refresh rate, 3,000 nits HBM brightness, Always-On Display (AOD)
Straps: Detachable proprietary straps, 140-210mm adjustable length
Features: 5ATM rating (50m depth), IP69 rated, Dive proof (up to 40 meters) Real-time heart rate monitor, 24/7 Blood Oxygen level monitor, Sleep tracking, Stress monitoring, Sports tracking, Step Counter, Meditation, Notifications, Idle Alert, Phone Finder, Weather Forecast, Music and Camera Control, Alarm, Stopwatch, linear Vibration Motor, Flashlight.
Sports Modes: Outdoor Run, Indoor Run, Outdoor Walk, Cycling, Hiking, Pool Swimming, Jump rope, Freestyle (150+ more in Huawei Health app)
Sensors: Optical heart rate sensor, Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Magnetometer, Barometer, Skin temperature sensor, Ambient light sensor, ECG sensor, Depth sensor
Connectivity: Bluetooth 6.0, Compatible with Android 9.0 and iOS 13+, dual-band L1+L5 GNSS, NFC, microphone and speakers
Battery: 867mAh
Colors: Black, Brown, Silver
Dimensions:45.6 mm × 45.6 mm × 11.25 mm
Weight (without strap):54.7 grams

So is the Watch GT 6 Pro as good as it Huawei claims or should you look elsewhere if you’re after a premium smartwatch? We’ve been using the Watch GT 6 Pro for over two weeks and these are our findings.

The short version is this: it’s one of the best entries in the segment as long as you can cope with some irritable quirks like region-locked NFC payments, no cellular connectivity and а limited selection of third-party apps. Read on for the details.
Table of Contents:

Design
Software and features
Health and activity tracking
Battery life
Verdict

Design
Huawei has offered some of the best-built smartwatches, and the GT 6 Pro is no exception. The first thing you notice is the cold and TC4 titanium alloy casing, which feels like it belongs inside the engine of a premium sports car.
Watch GT 6 Pro comes with a nice premium box which contains the watch, watch strap and a proprietary magnetic puck charger attached to a USB-A cable.

There are a few options for the watch strap this year, with our review unit sporting the brown composite woven strap, which mixes fluororubber with a patterned woven motif on the outside. The straps are 22mm in size, but they feature an additional proprietary metal pin system, so they cannot be swapped out for any standard option.
Watch GT 6 Pro features a 46mm casing and gets a circular 1.47” OLED touchscreen with sapphire glass. The screen is 5.5% larger than the 1.43” panel on the GT 5 Pro. Huawei achieved this by shrinking the bezels around the display so you get the same-sized watch as the GT 5 Pro but with a larger display area.



Watch GT 6 Pro (left) vs Watch GT 5 Pro (right)
You also get a slightly raised timing bezel, which surrounds the screen for a sleeker look.

The one major upgrade on the GT 6 Pro’s screen is brightness output. Huawei claims 3,000 nits peak brightness, which seems like an absurdly high number, and it is, but we can confirm that the GT6 Pro’s screen is noticeably brighter than the GT 5 Pro’s claimed 1,200 nits peak. With the auto-brightness option turned on, you’ll be hard-pressed to find a scenario where the screen is illegible.

Apart from the touchscreen, Watch GT 6 Pro features a crown button on the top and a second programmable button on the bottom, both located on the right side.
At 55 grams without the strap and over 11 mm thick, the Watch GT 6 Pro is not a compact, low-profile watch. This reviewer has been dailying a Watch Fit 3 for over 15 months and had a short period of adjustment during the first few days with the GT 6 Pro on his wrist. That being said, once you get used to the extra bulk, it gets out of the way.

GT 6 Pro comes with an IP69 ingress protection rating and is also 40m dive proof, complying with the EN13319 standard for diving accessories. This means snorkeling and freediving are a go, though it’s not capable of going scuba diving like the Watch Ultimate 2.
Software and features
Watch GT 6 Pro ships with Harmony OS 6.0, which looks and feels familiar to prior iterations. You get the same basic-looking user interface with a swipe-based card interface alongside a quick settings panel and notification area.
The touchscreen interface is joined by a rotating crown button and a second programmable button, both located on the right side of the casing. A single press on the crown takes you to the app drawer. The second button launches the workout app by default, though you can set it to any app or sports mode from the settings.


Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro UI
You can also double-tap the crown for a view of your most recently used apps, which is quite handy and makes jumping between them quite smooth and fast. A double press on the quick launch button is reserved for the Huawei Wallet app, which is sadly not supported in Europe for now.
Pressing both buttons simultaneously takes screenshots on the watch with the images saved inside the Huawei Health app and automatically synced to your phone’s gallery.



Recent apps view and app drawer
You also get an app drawer, which can be organized in a hex grid or list view. Harmony OS 6 is a versatile UI, allowing you to tailor the watch to your specific needs. You can set up card-based shortcuts for your most used apps, sports and health tracking features. There is a huge selection of watch faces with over 100,000 options, though some of the nicer ones are paid.

Like with other Huawei watches with an OLED screen, you get Always-On Display (AOD) functionality, which usually just dims the selected watch face while still giving you most of its watch face complication details. Huawei’s first-party watch faces are smarter and actually switch to a black background to preserve battery while still offering access to the complication details.



AOD on Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro
As for third-party apps, the selection outside of China is quite limited. We found a few simple games, a compass navigation app, as well as third-party calculator and calendar apps, but the overall selection and quality of said apps is a long way from what you get on Google’s WearOS or Apple’s watchOS.
Watch GT 6 Pro provides quality-feeling haptics with soft and strong vibration options. You also get an onboard microphone and speaker, allowing you to make and take calls, as long as your paired smartphone is nearby.
Call quality on the Watch GT 6 Pro is good enough, with people reporting clear reception of my voice and the onboard speaker delivering a loud enough output even in noisy streets. It’s great for those times when your hands are busy and you don’t want to reach for your phone.

If you’re using an Android and HarmonyOS phone, you’ll be able to type out replies on popular messaging apps directly on the watch using a full QWERTY keyboard, though the experience is cramped to say the least.
The lack of cellular connectivity is something that has plagued previous entries in the Huawei Watch GT series and it seems that Huawei is set on gatekeeping it for the flagship number series watches – a weird choice given the GT 6 Pro’s premium price point.
Another letdown, at least here in Europe, is the lack of a functioning mobile payment system. Although the GT 6 Pro features NFC hardware, it does not support adding payment or transit cards in our region.
Huawei’s Health app is your one-stop shop for managing all things related to the Watch GT 6 Pro, and it’s one of the better smartwatch companion apps with plenty of features and detailed health and activity data entries. It also works across iOS and Android as well as Huawei’s HarmonyOS 
 Health and activity tracking 
Health tracking
Huawei has consistently delivered accurate health and activity tracking on its watches, and the GT 6 Pro brings the standard array of features alongside some new options and a revamped TruSense sensor and algorithm suite with claims for more accurate data. You also get a skin temperature sensor.

Watch GT 6 Pro supports heart rate and blood oxygen (SpO2) tracking alongside sleep and stress measurements, and a new emotional well-being option. The latter takes into account your stress levels and is more on the gimmicky side.
You also get ECG readings on the GT 6 Pro, which are a hassle to take but deliver useful results that can help detect early-stage atrial fibrillation (AFib), aka irregular heart rhythm. You can easily export the ECG reports in the Huawei Health app and send them to your physician.



Watch GT 6  Pro sample ECG reading
You also get arterial stiffness measurements and heart rate variability (HRV) measurements, which monitor the regularity of the intervals between each heartbeat. HRV data is displayed for sleep tracking, where it can provide early warnings for sleep apnea, and also during workouts, where it helps gauge how hard you’re pushing your body and how much you need to rest.
When comparing standing heart rate and SpO2 readings from the Watch GT 6 Pro and the Watch Fit 3, we found similar readings across both devices. You also get Health Insights, which summarize your overall wellbeing by combining data from sleep, resting heart rate and workout sessions alongside additional metrics like heart rate and emotional wellbeing for a one-stop general health assessment.
As for the accuracy of the health tracking, we found the GT 6 Pro in line with flagship offerings from Huawei and competitors. And while heart rate, SpO2 and ECG info right on your wrist is convenient, these are just general health insights and not medical-grade reports.
Sleep tracking on the GT 6 Pro was consistently accurate in terms of go to sleep and wake up times and it even managed to catch specific instances of waking up during the night, which the Huawei Watch Fit 3 did not.





Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro sleep data and insights
Watch GT 6 Pro provides the usual sleep stages (light, deep, REM), movement patterns, heart rate, SpO2 and average respiratory rate.
Activity tracking
Watch GT 6 Pro supports over 100 activity tracking options, which cover even some niche hobbies. Huawei claims improved heart rate accuracy for runs and cycling and also improved golf experience with vector maps.
Runs get the usual mix of information, including distance, pace, cadence, heart rate, and calories burned, alongside more specific metrics like ground contact time, vertical oscillation, balance, VO2Max, HRV, intensity, and training stress.

In our testing, the Watch GT 6 Pro excels at heart rate and distance tracking, bringing much more accurate readings than the Huawei Watch Fit 3, which uses older sensors. During runs and hikes, the GT 6 Pro managed to keep a more accurate estimate of total distance covered, which goes hand in hand with the more accurate day-to-day step counting.
You also get automatic workout detection for activities like running and cycling, which is great if you tend to forget hitting the start button before your workout. In our experience, the auto-detect feature was slow to react and would sometimes alert me after 20-30 minutes of walking.
Watch GT 6 Pro also supports offline maps via Huawei Petal Maps with the ability to download regional maps for specific countries with topography details. This is quite useful for avid hikers and the map data is nicely displayed. You can also record routes and import them as a GPX file on the watch to help guide you on runs and hikes.

The other big hardware upgrade is the new antenna design and positioning algorithms, which promise 20% better positioning accuracy with dual-band support for all of the major satellite positioning systems.
During our testing phase, GPS localization took up to 20 seconds on some occasions but once it locks, you’re good to go with no drops in signal. Watch GT 6 Pro was pinpoint accurate in its GPS tracking and even managed to keep steady data on exact street-level positioning in a busy city environment, which some competitors still struggle with. The GPS lock also impressively stayed on point even when passing through pedestrian underpasses.

Cycling is the other main focus on the GT 6 Pro, with Huawei offering a virtual power meter – a first of its kind on any smartwatch. It utilizes Huawei’s new algorithm, which was trained on thousands of cycling datasets, and displays real-time and average power while cycling, similar to a traditional cycling power meter.




Outdoor cycling session on Watch GT 6 Pro
Thanks to the updated positioning, the watch can show real-time gradient, average gradient and gradient range stats during cycling sessions.





Outdoor cycling metrics on Watch GT 6 Pro
Watch GT 6 Pro can connect to a variety of third-party sensors like heart rate straps, cadence sensors, power meters and speedometers, which is useful if you are serious about jotting down your progress or training for a marathon.
Overall, Watch GT 6 Pro is one of the more complete smartwatches in terms of activity tracking and we’re certainly impressed by the array of features on deck.
Battery life
Huawei smartwatches tend to offer some of the best battery endurance and the GT 6 Pro is no exception. It’s the first watch to feature a new high-silicon stacked custom-shaped battery cell coming in at 867mAh capacity. The cell is shaped to better fit the casing of the GT 6 Pro compared to the usual rectangular batteries on other watches.

In our tests, we achieved 13 days of usage between charges, which is an impressive feat. Our usage included the screen set to auto brightness, AOD off, 100 daily notifications, 30 minutes of exercise every two days and constant heart rate, blood oxygen, sleep and stress tracking.
Huawei claims you can reach up to 21 days between charges with light usage, which seems realistic, but you’d have to severely limit most of the features on the watch. You can expect up to 7 days with AOD on which is still impressive endurance and among the best in the smartwatch segment.
A full 0-100% charge with the GT 6 Pro’s proprietary magnetic puck charger at 10W speeds takes 108 minutes. We also tested the GT 6 Pro on a Qi wireless charger, and it did work, though you’d get slower charging times, and you’d have to take out the watch straps each time if you go that route.
Verdict
The Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro is a solid upgrade over the Watch GT 5 Pro with a larger and brighter display, improved battery endurance and useful new sports tracking features for runners, cyclists and golfers.






Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro 



€380 at Amazon DE
£330 at Amazon UK


You get premium build quality with the titanium alloy casing and sapphire glass, alongside amazing battery endurance, which comfortably lasts for over 10 days between charges. Health tracking leaves little to be desired with all major general wellbeing measurements available and offering dependable results.
While the Harmony OS 6.0 interface is polished and offers a great selection of watch faces, we cannot overlook the limited third-party app support here in Europe and the absence of contactless payments. We’d also like to see a cellular connectivity option with future models.

With its €380/£330 price point in mind, Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro delivers a great experience for fitness enthusiasts looking for a well-built smartwatch that offers dependable health and activity tracking alongside excellent battery endurance.
We may get a commission from qualifying sales.

So is the Watch GT 6 Pro as good as it Huawei claims or should you look elsewhere if you’re after a premium smartwatch? We’ve been using the Watch GT 6 Pro for over two weeks and these are our findings.
The short version is this: it’s one of the best entries in the segment as long as you can cope with some irritable quirks like region-locked NFC payments, no cellular connectivity and а limited selection of third-party apps. Read on for the details.
Table of Contents:

Design
Software and features
Health and activity tracking
Battery life
Verdict

Design
Huawei has offered some of the best-built smartwatches, and the GT 6 Pro is no exception. The first thing you notice is the cold and TC4 titanium alloy casing, which feels like it belongs inside the engine of a premium sports car.
Watch GT 6 Pro comes with a nice premium box which contains the watch, watch strap and a proprietary magnetic puck charger attached to a USB-A cable.

There are a few options for the watch strap this year, with our review unit sporting the brown composite woven strap, which mixes fluororubber with a patterned woven motif on the outside. The straps are 22mm in size, but they feature an additional proprietary metal pin system, so they cannot be swapped out for any standard option.
Watch GT 6 Pro features a 46mm casing and gets a circular 1.47” OLED touchscreen with sapphire glass. The screen is 5.5% larger than the 1.43” panel on the GT 5 Pro. Huawei achieved this by shrinking the bezels around the display so you get the same-sized watch as the GT 5 Pro but with a larger display area.



Watch GT 6 Pro (left) vs Watch GT 5 Pro (right)
You also get a slightly raised timing bezel, which surrounds the screen for a sleeker look.

The one major upgrade on the GT 6 Pro’s screen is brightness output. Huawei claims 3,000 nits peak brightness, which seems like an absurdly high number, and it is, but we can confirm that the GT6 Pro’s screen is noticeably brighter than the GT 5 Pro’s claimed 1,200 nits peak. With the auto-brightness option turned on, you’ll be hard-pressed to find a scenario where the screen is illegible.

Apart from the touchscreen, Watch GT 6 Pro features a crown button on the top and a second programmable button on the bottom, both located on the right side.
At 55 grams without the strap and over 11 mm thick, the Watch GT 6 Pro is not a compact, low-profile watch. This reviewer has been dailying a Watch Fit 3 for over 15 months and had a short period of adjustment during the first few days with the GT 6 Pro on his wrist. That being said, once you get used to the extra bulk, it gets out of the way.

GT 6 Pro comes with an IP69 ingress protection rating and is also 40m dive proof, complying with the EN13319 standard for diving accessories. This means snorkeling and freediving are a go, though it’s not capable of going scuba diving like the Watch Ultimate 2.
Software and features
Watch GT 6 Pro ships with Harmony OS 6.0, which looks and feels familiar to prior iterations. You get the same basic-looking user interface with a swipe-based card interface alongside a quick settings panel and notification area.
The touchscreen interface is joined by a rotating crown button and a second programmable button, both located on the right side of the casing. A single press on the crown takes you to the app drawer. The second button launches the workout app by default, though you can set it to any app or sports mode from the settings.


Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro UI
You can also double-tap the crown for a view of your most recently used apps, which is quite handy and makes jumping between them quite smooth and fast. A double press on the quick launch button is reserved for the Huawei Wallet app, which is sadly not supported in Europe for now.
Pressing both buttons simultaneously takes screenshots on the watch with the images saved inside the Huawei Health app and automatically synced to your phone’s gallery.



Recent apps view and app drawer
You also get an app drawer, which can be organized in a hex grid or list view. Harmony OS 6 is a versatile UI, allowing you to tailor the watch to your specific needs. You can set up card-based shortcuts for your most used apps, sports and health tracking features. There is a huge selection of watch faces with over 100,000 options, though some of the nicer ones are paid.

Like with other Huawei watches with an OLED screen, you get Always-On Display (AOD) functionality, which usually just dims the selected watch face while still giving you most of its watch face complication details. Huawei’s first-party watch faces are smarter and actually switch to a black background to preserve battery while still offering access to the complication details.



AOD on Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro
As for third-party apps, the selection outside of China is quite limited. We found a few simple games, a compass navigation app, as well as third-party calculator and calendar apps, but the overall selection and quality of said apps is a long way from what you get on Google’s WearOS or Apple’s watchOS.
Watch GT 6 Pro provides quality-feeling haptics with soft and strong vibration options. You also get an onboard microphone and speaker, allowing you to make and take calls, as long as your paired smartphone is nearby.
Call quality on the Watch GT 6 Pro is good enough, with people reporting clear reception of my voice and the onboard speaker delivering a loud enough output even in noisy streets. It’s great for those times when your hands are busy and you don’t want to reach for your phone.

If you’re using an Android and HarmonyOS phone, you’ll be able to type out replies on popular messaging apps directly on the watch using a full QWERTY keyboard, though the experience is cramped to say the least.
The lack of cellular connectivity is something that has plagued previous entries in the Huawei Watch GT series and it seems that Huawei is set on gatekeeping it for the flagship number series watches – a weird choice given the GT 6 Pro’s premium price point.
Another letdown, at least here in Europe, is the lack of a functioning mobile payment system. Although the GT 6 Pro features NFC hardware, it does not support adding payment or transit cards in our region.
Huawei’s Health app is your one-stop shop for managing all things related to the Watch GT 6 Pro, and it’s one of the better smartwatch companion apps with plenty of features and detailed health and activity data entries. It also works across iOS and Android as well as Huawei’s HarmonyOS 
 Health and activity tracking 
Health tracking
Huawei has consistently delivered accurate health and activity tracking on its watches, and the GT 6 Pro brings the standard array of features alongside some new options and a revamped TruSense sensor and algorithm suite with claims for more accurate data. You also get a skin temperature sensor.

Watch GT 6 Pro supports heart rate and blood oxygen (SpO2) tracking alongside sleep and stress measurements, and a new emotional well-being option. The latter takes into account your stress levels and is more on the gimmicky side.
You also get ECG readings on the GT 6 Pro, which are a hassle to take but deliver useful results that can help detect early-stage atrial fibrillation (AFib), aka irregular heart rhythm. You can easily export the ECG reports in the Huawei Health app and send them to your physician.



Watch GT 6  Pro sample ECG reading
You also get arterial stiffness measurements and heart rate variability (HRV) measurements, which monitor the regularity of the intervals between each heartbeat. HRV data is displayed for sleep tracking, where it can provide early warnings for sleep apnea, and also during workouts, where it helps gauge how hard you’re pushing your body and how much you need to rest.
When comparing standing heart rate and SpO2 readings from the Watch GT 6 Pro and the Watch Fit 3, we found similar readings across both devices. You also get Health Insights, which summarize your overall wellbeing by combining data from sleep, resting heart rate and workout sessions alongside additional metrics like heart rate and emotional wellbeing for a one-stop general health assessment.
As for the accuracy of the health tracking, we found the GT 6 Pro in line with flagship offerings from Huawei and competitors. And while heart rate, SpO2 and ECG info right on your wrist is convenient, these are just general health insights and not medical-grade reports.
Sleep tracking on the GT 6 Pro was consistently accurate in terms of go to sleep and wake up times and it even managed to catch specific instances of waking up during the night, which the Huawei Watch Fit 3 did not.





Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro sleep data and insights
Watch GT 6 Pro provides the usual sleep stages (light, deep, REM), movement patterns, heart rate, SpO2 and average respiratory rate.
Activity tracking
Watch GT 6 Pro supports over 100 activity tracking options, which cover even some niche hobbies. Huawei claims improved heart rate accuracy for runs and cycling and also improved golf experience with vector maps.
Runs get the usual mix of information, including distance, pace, cadence, heart rate, and calories burned, alongside more specific metrics like ground contact time, vertical oscillation, balance, VO2Max, HRV, intensity, and training stress.

In our testing, the Watch GT 6 Pro excels at heart rate and distance tracking, bringing much more accurate readings than the Huawei Watch Fit 3, which uses older sensors. During runs and hikes, the GT 6 Pro managed to keep a more accurate estimate of total distance covered, which goes hand in hand with the more accurate day-to-day step counting.
You also get automatic workout detection for activities like running and cycling, which is great if you tend to forget hitting the start button before your workout. In our experience, the auto-detect feature was slow to react and would sometimes alert me after 20-30 minutes of walking.
Watch GT 6 Pro also supports offline maps via Huawei Petal Maps with the ability to download regional maps for specific countries with topography details. This is quite useful for avid hikers and the map data is nicely displayed. You can also record routes and import them as a GPX file on the watch to help guide you on runs and hikes.

The other big hardware upgrade is the new antenna design and positioning algorithms, which promise 20% better positioning accuracy with dual-band support for all of the major satellite positioning systems.
During our testing phase, GPS localization took up to 20 seconds on some occasions but once it locks, you’re good to go with no drops in signal. Watch GT 6 Pro was pinpoint accurate in its GPS tracking and even managed to keep steady data on exact street-level positioning in a busy city environment, which some competitors still struggle with. The GPS lock also impressively stayed on point even when passing through pedestrian underpasses.

Cycling is the other main focus on the GT 6 Pro, with Huawei offering a virtual power meter – a first of its kind on any smartwatch. It utilizes Huawei’s new algorithm, which was trained on thousands of cycling datasets, and displays real-time and average power while cycling, similar to a traditional cycling power meter.




Outdoor cycling session on Watch GT 6 Pro
Thanks to the updated positioning, the watch can show real-time gradient, average gradient and gradient range stats during cycling sessions.





Outdoor cycling metrics on Watch GT 6 Pro
Watch GT 6 Pro can connect to a variety of third-party sensors like heart rate straps, cadence sensors, power meters and speedometers, which is useful if you are serious about jotting down your progress or training for a marathon.
Overall, Watch GT 6 Pro is one of the more complete smartwatches in terms of activity tracking and we’re certainly impressed by the array of features on deck.
Battery life
Huawei smartwatches tend to offer some of the best battery endurance and the GT 6 Pro is no exception. It’s the first watch to feature a new high-silicon stacked custom-shaped battery cell coming in at 867mAh capacity. The cell is shaped to better fit the casing of the GT 6 Pro compared to the usual rectangular batteries on other watches.

In our tests, we achieved 13 days of usage between charges, which is an impressive feat. Our usage included the screen set to auto brightness, AOD off, 100 daily notifications, 30 minutes of exercise every two days and constant heart rate, blood oxygen, sleep and stress tracking.
Huawei claims you can reach up to 21 days between charges with light usage, which seems realistic, but you’d have to severely limit most of the features on the watch. You can expect up to 7 days with AOD on which is still impressive endurance and among the best in the smartwatch segment.
A full 0-100% charge with the GT 6 Pro’s proprietary magnetic puck charger at 10W speeds takes 108 minutes. We also tested the GT 6 Pro on a Qi wireless charger, and it did work, though you’d get slower charging times, and you’d have to take out the watch straps each time if you go that route.
Verdict
The Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro is a solid upgrade over the Watch GT 5 Pro with a larger and brighter display, improved battery endurance and useful new sports tracking features for runners, cyclists and golfers.






Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro 



€380 at Amazon DE
£330 at Amazon UK


You get premium build quality with the titanium alloy casing and sapphire glass, alongside amazing battery endurance, which comfortably lasts for over 10 days between charges. Health tracking leaves little to be desired with all major general wellbeing measurements available and offering dependable results.
While the Harmony OS 6.0 interface is polished and offers a great selection of watch faces, we cannot overlook the limited third-party app support here in Europe and the absence of contactless payments. We’d also like to see a cellular connectivity option with future models.

With its €380/£330 price point in mind, Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro delivers a great experience for fitness enthusiasts looking for a well-built smartwatch that offers dependable health and activity tracking alongside excellent battery endurance.
We may get a commission from qualifying sales.

Design
Huawei has offered some of the best-built smartwatches, and the GT 6 Pro is no exception. The first thing you notice is the cold and TC4 titanium alloy casing, which feels like it belongs inside the engine of a premium sports car.
Watch GT 6 Pro comes with a nice premium box which contains the watch, watch strap and a proprietary magnetic puck charger attached to a USB-A cable.

There are a few options for the watch strap this year, with our review unit sporting the brown composite woven strap, which mixes fluororubber with a patterned woven motif on the outside. The straps are 22mm in size, but they feature an additional proprietary metal pin system, so they cannot be swapped out for any standard option.
Watch GT 6 Pro features a 46mm casing and gets a circular 1.47” OLED touchscreen with sapphire glass. The screen is 5.5% larger than the 1.43” panel on the GT 5 Pro. Huawei achieved this by shrinking the bezels around the display so you get the same-sized watch as the GT 5 Pro but with a larger display area.



Watch GT 6 Pro (left) vs Watch GT 5 Pro (right)
You also get a slightly raised timing bezel, which surrounds the screen for a sleeker look.

The one major upgrade on the GT 6 Pro’s screen is brightness output. Huawei claims 3,000 nits peak brightness, which seems like an absurdly high number, and it is, but we can confirm that the GT6 Pro’s screen is noticeably brighter than the GT 5 Pro’s claimed 1,200 nits peak. With the auto-brightness option turned on, you’ll be hard-pressed to find a scenario where the screen is illegible.

Apart from the touchscreen, Watch GT 6 Pro features a crown button on the top and a second programmable button on the bottom, both located on the right side.
At 55 grams without the strap and over 11 mm thick, the Watch GT 6 Pro is not a compact, low-profile watch. This reviewer has been dailying a Watch Fit 3 for over 15 months and had a short period of adjustment during the first few days with the GT 6 Pro on his wrist. That being said, once you get used to the extra bulk, it gets out of the way.

GT 6 Pro comes with an IP69 ingress protection rating and is also 40m dive proof, complying with the EN13319 standard for diving accessories. This means snorkeling and freediving are a go, though it’s not capable of going scuba diving like the Watch Ultimate 2.
Software and features
Watch GT 6 Pro ships with Harmony OS 6.0, which looks and feels familiar to prior iterations. You get the same basic-looking user interface with a swipe-based card interface alongside a quick settings panel and notification area.
The touchscreen interface is joined by a rotating crown button and a second programmable button, both located on the right side of the casing. A single press on the crown takes you to the app drawer. The second button launches the workout app by default, though you can set it to any app or sports mode from the settings.


Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro UI
You can also double-tap the crown for a view of your most recently used apps, which is quite handy and makes jumping between them quite smooth and fast. A double press on the quick launch button is reserved for the Huawei Wallet app, which is sadly not supported in Europe for now.
Pressing both buttons simultaneously takes screenshots on the watch with the images saved inside the Huawei Health app and automatically synced to your phone’s gallery.



Recent apps view and app drawer
You also get an app drawer, which can be organized in a hex grid or list view. Harmony OS 6 is a versatile UI, allowing you to tailor the watch to your specific needs. You can set up card-based shortcuts for your most used apps, sports and health tracking features. There is a huge selection of watch faces with over 100,000 options, though some of the nicer ones are paid.

Like with other Huawei watches with an OLED screen, you get Always-On Display (AOD) functionality, which usually just dims the selected watch face while still giving you most of its watch face complication details. Huawei’s first-party watch faces are smarter and actually switch to a black background to preserve battery while still offering access to the complication details.



AOD on Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro
As for third-party apps, the selection outside of China is quite limited. We found a few simple games, a compass navigation app, as well as third-party calculator and calendar apps, but the overall selection and quality of said apps is a long way from what you get on Google’s WearOS or Apple’s watchOS.
Watch GT 6 Pro provides quality-feeling haptics with soft and strong vibration options. You also get an onboard microphone and speaker, allowing you to make and take calls, as long as your paired smartphone is nearby.
Call quality on the Watch GT 6 Pro is good enough, with people reporting clear reception of my voice and the onboard speaker delivering a loud enough output even in noisy streets. It’s great for those times when your hands are busy and you don’t want to reach for your phone.

If you’re using an Android and HarmonyOS phone, you’ll be able to type out replies on popular messaging apps directly on the watch using a full QWERTY keyboard, though the experience is cramped to say the least.
The lack of cellular connectivity is something that has plagued previous entries in the Huawei Watch GT series and it seems that Huawei is set on gatekeeping it for the flagship number series watches – a weird choice given the GT 6 Pro’s premium price point.
Another letdown, at least here in Europe, is the lack of a functioning mobile payment system. Although the GT 6 Pro features NFC hardware, it does not support adding payment or transit cards in our region.
Huawei’s Health app is your one-stop shop for managing all things related to the Watch GT 6 Pro, and it’s one of the better smartwatch companion apps with plenty of features and detailed health and activity data entries. It also works across iOS and Android as well as Huawei’s HarmonyOS 
 Health and activity tracking 
Health tracking
Huawei has consistently delivered accurate health and activity tracking on its watches, and the GT 6 Pro brings the standard array of features alongside some new options and a revamped TruSense sensor and algorithm suite with claims for more accurate data. You also get a skin temperature sensor.

Watch GT 6 Pro supports heart rate and blood oxygen (SpO2) tracking alongside sleep and stress measurements, and a new emotional well-being option. The latter takes into account your stress levels and is more on the gimmicky side.
You also get ECG readings on the GT 6 Pro, which are a hassle to take but deliver useful results that can help detect early-stage atrial fibrillation (AFib), aka irregular heart rhythm. You can easily export the ECG reports in the Huawei Health app and send them to your physician.



Watch GT 6  Pro sample ECG reading
You also get arterial stiffness measurements and heart rate variability (HRV) measurements, which monitor the regularity of the intervals between each heartbeat. HRV data is displayed for sleep tracking, where it can provide early warnings for sleep apnea, and also during workouts, where it helps gauge how hard you’re pushing your body and how much you need to rest.
When comparing standing heart rate and SpO2 readings from the Watch GT 6 Pro and the Watch Fit 3, we found similar readings across both devices. You also get Health Insights, which summarize your overall wellbeing by combining data from sleep, resting heart rate and workout sessions alongside additional metrics like heart rate and emotional wellbeing for a one-stop general health assessment.
As for the accuracy of the health tracking, we found the GT 6 Pro in line with flagship offerings from Huawei and competitors. And while heart rate, SpO2 and ECG info right on your wrist is convenient, these are just general health insights and not medical-grade reports.
Sleep tracking on the GT 6 Pro was consistently accurate in terms of go to sleep and wake up times and it even managed to catch specific instances of waking up during the night, which the Huawei Watch Fit 3 did not.





Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro sleep data and insights
Watch GT 6 Pro provides the usual sleep stages (light, deep, REM), movement patterns, heart rate, SpO2 and average respiratory rate.
Activity tracking
Watch GT 6 Pro supports over 100 activity tracking options, which cover even some niche hobbies. Huawei claims improved heart rate accuracy for runs and cycling and also improved golf experience with vector maps.
Runs get the usual mix of information, including distance, pace, cadence, heart rate, and calories burned, alongside more specific metrics like ground contact time, vertical oscillation, balance, VO2Max, HRV, intensity, and training stress.

In our testing, the Watch GT 6 Pro excels at heart rate and distance tracking, bringing much more accurate readings than the Huawei Watch Fit 3, which uses older sensors. During runs and hikes, the GT 6 Pro managed to keep a more accurate estimate of total distance covered, which goes hand in hand with the more accurate day-to-day step counting.
You also get automatic workout detection for activities like running and cycling, which is great if you tend to forget hitting the start button before your workout. In our experience, the auto-detect feature was slow to react and would sometimes alert me after 20-30 minutes of walking.
Watch GT 6 Pro also supports offline maps via Huawei Petal Maps with the ability to download regional maps for specific countries with topography details. This is quite useful for avid hikers and the map data is nicely displayed. You can also record routes and import them as a GPX file on the watch to help guide you on runs and hikes.

The other big hardware upgrade is the new antenna design and positioning algorithms, which promise 20% better positioning accuracy with dual-band support for all of the major satellite positioning systems.
During our testing phase, GPS localization took up to 20 seconds on some occasions but once it locks, you’re good to go with no drops in signal. Watch GT 6 Pro was pinpoint accurate in its GPS tracking and even managed to keep steady data on exact street-level positioning in a busy city environment, which some competitors still struggle with. The GPS lock also impressively stayed on point even when passing through pedestrian underpasses.

Cycling is the other main focus on the GT 6 Pro, with Huawei offering a virtual power meter – a first of its kind on any smartwatch. It utilizes Huawei’s new algorithm, which was trained on thousands of cycling datasets, and displays real-time and average power while cycling, similar to a traditional cycling power meter.




Outdoor cycling session on Watch GT 6 Pro
Thanks to the updated positioning, the watch can show real-time gradient, average gradient and gradient range stats during cycling sessions.





Outdoor cycling metrics on Watch GT 6 Pro
Watch GT 6 Pro can connect to a variety of third-party sensors like heart rate straps, cadence sensors, power meters and speedometers, which is useful if you are serious about jotting down your progress or training for a marathon.
Overall, Watch GT 6 Pro is one of the more complete smartwatches in terms of activity tracking and we’re certainly impressed by the array of features on deck.
Battery life
Huawei smartwatches tend to offer some of the best battery endurance and the GT 6 Pro is no exception. It’s the first watch to feature a new high-silicon stacked custom-shaped battery cell coming in at 867mAh capacity. The cell is shaped to better fit the casing of the GT 6 Pro compared to the usual rectangular batteries on other watches.

In our tests, we achieved 13 days of usage between charges, which is an impressive feat. Our usage included the screen set to auto brightness, AOD off, 100 daily notifications, 30 minutes of exercise every two days and constant heart rate, blood oxygen, sleep and stress tracking.
Huawei claims you can reach up to 21 days between charges with light usage, which seems realistic, but you’d have to severely limit most of the features on the watch. You can expect up to 7 days with AOD on which is still impressive endurance and among the best in the smartwatch segment.
A full 0-100% charge with the GT 6 Pro’s proprietary magnetic puck charger at 10W speeds takes 108 minutes. We also tested the GT 6 Pro on a Qi wireless charger, and it did work, though you’d get slower charging times, and you’d have to take out the watch straps each time if you go that route.
Verdict
The Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro is a solid upgrade over the Watch GT 5 Pro with a larger and brighter display, improved battery endurance and useful new sports tracking features for runners, cyclists and golfers.






Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro 



€380 at Amazon DE
£330 at Amazon UK


You get premium build quality with the titanium alloy casing and sapphire glass, alongside amazing battery endurance, which comfortably lasts for over 10 days between charges. Health tracking leaves little to be desired with all major general wellbeing measurements available and offering dependable results.
While the Harmony OS 6.0 interface is polished and offers a great selection of watch faces, we cannot overlook the limited third-party app support here in Europe and the absence of contactless payments. We’d also like to see a cellular connectivity option with future models.

With its €380/£330 price point in mind, Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro delivers a great experience for fitness enthusiasts looking for a well-built smartwatch that offers dependable health and activity tracking alongside excellent battery endurance.
We may get a commission from qualifying sales.

Huawei has offered some of the best-built smartwatches, and the GT 6 Pro is no exception. The first thing you notice is the cold and TC4 titanium alloy casing, which feels like it belongs inside the engine of a premium sports car.
Watch GT 6 Pro comes with a nice premium box which contains the watch, watch strap and a proprietary magnetic puck charger attached to a USB-A cable.
There are a few options for the watch strap this year, with our review unit sporting the brown composite woven strap, which mixes fluororubber with a patterned woven motif on the outside. The straps are 22mm in size, but they feature an additional proprietary metal pin system, so they cannot be swapped out for any standard option.
Watch GT 6 Pro features a 46mm casing and gets a circular 1.47” OLED touchscreen with sapphire glass. The screen is 5.5% larger than the 1.43” panel on the GT 5 Pro. Huawei achieved this by shrinking the bezels around the display so you get the same-sized watch as the GT 5 Pro but with a larger display area.



Watch GT 6 Pro (left) vs Watch GT 5 Pro (right)
You also get a slightly raised timing bezel, which surrounds the screen for a sleeker look.
The one major upgrade on the GT 6 Pro’s screen is brightness output. Huawei claims 3,000 nits peak brightness, which seems like an absurdly high number, and it is, but we can confirm that the GT6 Pro’s screen is noticeably brighter than the GT 5 Pro’s claimed 1,200 nits peak. With the auto-brightness option turned on, you’ll be hard-pressed to find a scenario where the screen is illegible.
Apart from the touchscreen, Watch GT 6 Pro features a crown button on the top and a second programmable button on the bottom, both located on the right side.
At 55 grams without the strap and over 11 mm thick, the Watch GT 6 Pro is not a compact, low-profile watch. This reviewer has been dailying a Watch Fit 3 for over 15 months and had a short period of adjustment during the first few days with the GT 6 Pro on his wrist. That being said, once you get used to the extra bulk, it gets out of the way.
GT 6 Pro comes with an IP69 ingress protection rating and is also 40m dive proof, complying with the EN13319 standard for diving accessories. This means snorkeling and freediving are a go, though it’s not capable of going scuba diving like the Watch Ultimate 2.
Software and features
Watch GT 6 Pro ships with Harmony OS 6.0, which looks and feels familiar to prior iterations. You get the same basic-looking user interface with a swipe-based card interface alongside a quick settings panel and notification area.
The touchscreen interface is joined by a rotating crown button and a second programmable button, both located on the right side of the casing. A single press on the crown takes you to the app drawer. The second button launches the workout app by default, though you can set it to any app or sports mode from the settings.


Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro UI
You can also double-tap the crown for a view of your most recently used apps, which is quite handy and makes jumping between them quite smooth and fast. A double press on the quick launch button is reserved for the Huawei Wallet app, which is sadly not supported in Europe for now.
Pressing both buttons simultaneously takes screenshots on the watch with the images saved inside the Huawei Health app and automatically synced to your phone’s gallery.



Recent apps view and app drawer
You also get an app drawer, which can be organized in a hex grid or list view. Harmony OS 6 is a versatile UI, allowing you to tailor the watch to your specific needs. You can set up card-based shortcuts for your most used apps, sports and health tracking features. There is a huge selection of watch faces with over 100,000 options, though some of the nicer ones are paid.

Like with other Huawei watches with an OLED screen, you get Always-On Display (AOD) functionality, which usually just dims the selected watch face while still giving you most of its watch face complication details. Huawei’s first-party watch faces are smarter and actually switch to a black background to preserve battery while still offering access to the complication details.



AOD on Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro
As for third-party apps, the selection outside of China is quite limited. We found a few simple games, a compass navigation app, as well as third-party calculator and calendar apps, but the overall selection and quality of said apps is a long way from what you get on Google’s WearOS or Apple’s watchOS.
Watch GT 6 Pro provides quality-feeling haptics with soft and strong vibration options. You also get an onboard microphone and speaker, allowing you to make and take calls, as long as your paired smartphone is nearby.
Call quality on the Watch GT 6 Pro is good enough, with people reporting clear reception of my voice and the onboard speaker delivering a loud enough output even in noisy streets. It’s great for those times when your hands are busy and you don’t want to reach for your phone.

If you’re using an Android and HarmonyOS phone, you’ll be able to type out replies on popular messaging apps directly on the watch using a full QWERTY keyboard, though the experience is cramped to say the least.
The lack of cellular connectivity is something that has plagued previous entries in the Huawei Watch GT series and it seems that Huawei is set on gatekeeping it for the flagship number series watches – a weird choice given the GT 6 Pro’s premium price point.
Another letdown, at least here in Europe, is the lack of a functioning mobile payment system. Although the GT 6 Pro features NFC hardware, it does not support adding payment or transit cards in our region.
Huawei’s Health app is your one-stop shop for managing all things related to the Watch GT 6 Pro, and it’s one of the better smartwatch companion apps with plenty of features and detailed health and activity data entries. It also works across iOS and Android as well as Huawei’s HarmonyOS 
 Health and activity tracking 
Health tracking
Huawei has consistently delivered accurate health and activity tracking on its watches, and the GT 6 Pro brings the standard array of features alongside some new options and a revamped TruSense sensor and algorithm suite with claims for more accurate data. You also get a skin temperature sensor.

Watch GT 6 Pro supports heart rate and blood oxygen (SpO2) tracking alongside sleep and stress measurements, and a new emotional well-being option. The latter takes into account your stress levels and is more on the gimmicky side.
You also get ECG readings on the GT 6 Pro, which are a hassle to take but deliver useful results that can help detect early-stage atrial fibrillation (AFib), aka irregular heart rhythm. You can easily export the ECG reports in the Huawei Health app and send them to your physician.



Watch GT 6  Pro sample ECG reading
You also get arterial stiffness measurements and heart rate variability (HRV) measurements, which monitor the regularity of the intervals between each heartbeat. HRV data is displayed for sleep tracking, where it can provide early warnings for sleep apnea, and also during workouts, where it helps gauge how hard you’re pushing your body and how much you need to rest.
When comparing standing heart rate and SpO2 readings from the Watch GT 6 Pro and the Watch Fit 3, we found similar readings across both devices. You also get Health Insights, which summarize your overall wellbeing by combining data from sleep, resting heart rate and workout sessions alongside additional metrics like heart rate and emotional wellbeing for a one-stop general health assessment.
As for the accuracy of the health tracking, we found the GT 6 Pro in line with flagship offerings from Huawei and competitors. And while heart rate, SpO2 and ECG info right on your wrist is convenient, these are just general health insights and not medical-grade reports.
Sleep tracking on the GT 6 Pro was consistently accurate in terms of go to sleep and wake up times and it even managed to catch specific instances of waking up during the night, which the Huawei Watch Fit 3 did not.





Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro sleep data and insights
Watch GT 6 Pro provides the usual sleep stages (light, deep, REM), movement patterns, heart rate, SpO2 and average respiratory rate.
Activity tracking
Watch GT 6 Pro supports over 100 activity tracking options, which cover even some niche hobbies. Huawei claims improved heart rate accuracy for runs and cycling and also improved golf experience with vector maps.
Runs get the usual mix of information, including distance, pace, cadence, heart rate, and calories burned, alongside more specific metrics like ground contact time, vertical oscillation, balance, VO2Max, HRV, intensity, and training stress.

In our testing, the Watch GT 6 Pro excels at heart rate and distance tracking, bringing much more accurate readings than the Huawei Watch Fit 3, which uses older sensors. During runs and hikes, the GT 6 Pro managed to keep a more accurate estimate of total distance covered, which goes hand in hand with the more accurate day-to-day step counting.
You also get automatic workout detection for activities like running and cycling, which is great if you tend to forget hitting the start button before your workout. In our experience, the auto-detect feature was slow to react and would sometimes alert me after 20-30 minutes of walking.
Watch GT 6 Pro also supports offline maps via Huawei Petal Maps with the ability to download regional maps for specific countries with topography details. This is quite useful for avid hikers and the map data is nicely displayed. You can also record routes and import them as a GPX file on the watch to help guide you on runs and hikes.

The other big hardware upgrade is the new antenna design and positioning algorithms, which promise 20% better positioning accuracy with dual-band support for all of the major satellite positioning systems.
During our testing phase, GPS localization took up to 20 seconds on some occasions but once it locks, you’re good to go with no drops in signal. Watch GT 6 Pro was pinpoint accurate in its GPS tracking and even managed to keep steady data on exact street-level positioning in a busy city environment, which some competitors still struggle with. The GPS lock also impressively stayed on point even when passing through pedestrian underpasses.

Cycling is the other main focus on the GT 6 Pro, with Huawei offering a virtual power meter – a first of its kind on any smartwatch. It utilizes Huawei’s new algorithm, which was trained on thousands of cycling datasets, and displays real-time and average power while cycling, similar to a traditional cycling power meter.




Outdoor cycling session on Watch GT 6 Pro
Thanks to the updated positioning, the watch can show real-time gradient, average gradient and gradient range stats during cycling sessions.





Outdoor cycling metrics on Watch GT 6 Pro
Watch GT 6 Pro can connect to a variety of third-party sensors like heart rate straps, cadence sensors, power meters and speedometers, which is useful if you are serious about jotting down your progress or training for a marathon.
Overall, Watch GT 6 Pro is one of the more complete smartwatches in terms of activity tracking and we’re certainly impressed by the array of features on deck.
Battery life
Huawei smartwatches tend to offer some of the best battery endurance and the GT 6 Pro is no exception. It’s the first watch to feature a new high-silicon stacked custom-shaped battery cell coming in at 867mAh capacity. The cell is shaped to better fit the casing of the GT 6 Pro compared to the usual rectangular batteries on other watches.

In our tests, we achieved 13 days of usage between charges, which is an impressive feat. Our usage included the screen set to auto brightness, AOD off, 100 daily notifications, 30 minutes of exercise every two days and constant heart rate, blood oxygen, sleep and stress tracking.
Huawei claims you can reach up to 21 days between charges with light usage, which seems realistic, but you’d have to severely limit most of the features on the watch. You can expect up to 7 days with AOD on which is still impressive endurance and among the best in the smartwatch segment.
A full 0-100% charge with the GT 6 Pro’s proprietary magnetic puck charger at 10W speeds takes 108 minutes. We also tested the GT 6 Pro on a Qi wireless charger, and it did work, though you’d get slower charging times, and you’d have to take out the watch straps each time if you go that route.
Verdict
The Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro is a solid upgrade over the Watch GT 5 Pro with a larger and brighter display, improved battery endurance and useful new sports tracking features for runners, cyclists and golfers.






Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro 



€380 at Amazon DE
£330 at Amazon UK


You get premium build quality with the titanium alloy casing and sapphire glass, alongside amazing battery endurance, which comfortably lasts for over 10 days between charges. Health tracking leaves little to be desired with all major general wellbeing measurements available and offering dependable results.
While the Harmony OS 6.0 interface is polished and offers a great selection of watch faces, we cannot overlook the limited third-party app support here in Europe and the absence of contactless payments. We’d also like to see a cellular connectivity option with future models.

With its €380/£330 price point in mind, Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro delivers a great experience for fitness enthusiasts looking for a well-built smartwatch that offers dependable health and activity tracking alongside excellent battery endurance.
We may get a commission from qualifying sales.

Watch GT 6 Pro ships with Harmony OS 6.0, which looks and feels familiar to prior iterations. You get the same basic-looking user interface with a swipe-based card interface alongside a quick settings panel and notification area.
The touchscreen interface is joined by a rotating crown button and a second programmable button, both located on the right side of the casing. A single press on the crown takes you to the app drawer. The second button launches the workout app by default, though you can set it to any app or sports mode from the settings.


Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro UI
You can also double-tap the crown for a view of your most recently used apps, which is quite handy and makes jumping between them quite smooth and fast. A double press on the quick launch button is reserved for the Huawei Wallet app, which is sadly not supported in Europe for now.
Pressing both buttons simultaneously takes screenshots on the watch with the images saved inside the Huawei Health app and automatically synced to your phone’s gallery.



Recent apps view and app drawer
You also get an app drawer, which can be organized in a hex grid or list view. Harmony OS 6 is a versatile UI, allowing you to tailor the watch to your specific needs. You can set up card-based shortcuts for your most used apps, sports and health tracking features. There is a huge selection of watch faces with over 100,000 options, though some of the nicer ones are paid.
Like with other Huawei watches with an OLED screen, you get Always-On Display (AOD) functionality, which usually just dims the selected watch face while still giving you most of its watch face complication details. Huawei’s first-party watch faces are smarter and actually switch to a black background to preserve battery while still offering access to the complication details.



AOD on Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro
As for third-party apps, the selection outside of China is quite limited. We found a few simple games, a compass navigation app, as well as third-party calculator and calendar apps, but the overall selection and quality of said apps is a long way from what you get on Google’s WearOS or Apple’s watchOS.
Watch GT 6 Pro provides quality-feeling haptics with soft and strong vibration options. You also get an onboard microphone and speaker, allowing you to make and take calls, as long as your paired smartphone is nearby.
Call quality on the Watch GT 6 Pro is good enough, with people reporting clear reception of my voice and the onboard speaker delivering a loud enough output even in noisy streets. It’s great for those times when your hands are busy and you don’t want to reach for your phone.
If you’re using an Android and HarmonyOS phone, you’ll be able to type out replies on popular messaging apps directly on the watch using a full QWERTY keyboard, though the experience is cramped to say the least.
The lack of cellular connectivity is something that has plagued previous entries in the Huawei Watch GT series and it seems that Huawei is set on gatekeeping it for the flagship number series watches – a weird choice given the GT 6 Pro’s premium price point.
Another letdown, at least here in Europe, is the lack of a functioning mobile payment system. Although the GT 6 Pro features NFC hardware, it does not support adding payment or transit cards in our region.
Huawei’s Health app is your one-stop shop for managing all things related to the Watch GT 6 Pro, and it’s one of the better smartwatch companion apps with plenty of features and detailed health and activity data entries. It also works across iOS and Android as well as Huawei’s HarmonyOS 
 Health and activity tracking 
Health tracking
Huawei has consistently delivered accurate health and activity tracking on its watches, and the GT 6 Pro brings the standard array of features alongside some new options and a revamped TruSense sensor and algorithm suite with claims for more accurate data. You also get a skin temperature sensor.

Watch GT 6 Pro supports heart rate and blood oxygen (SpO2) tracking alongside sleep and stress measurements, and a new emotional well-being option. The latter takes into account your stress levels and is more on the gimmicky side.
You also get ECG readings on the GT 6 Pro, which are a hassle to take but deliver useful results that can help detect early-stage atrial fibrillation (AFib), aka irregular heart rhythm. You can easily export the ECG reports in the Huawei Health app and send them to your physician.



Watch GT 6  Pro sample ECG reading
You also get arterial stiffness measurements and heart rate variability (HRV) measurements, which monitor the regularity of the intervals between each heartbeat. HRV data is displayed for sleep tracking, where it can provide early warnings for sleep apnea, and also during workouts, where it helps gauge how hard you’re pushing your body and how much you need to rest.
When comparing standing heart rate and SpO2 readings from the Watch GT 6 Pro and the Watch Fit 3, we found similar readings across both devices. You also get Health Insights, which summarize your overall wellbeing by combining data from sleep, resting heart rate and workout sessions alongside additional metrics like heart rate and emotional wellbeing for a one-stop general health assessment.
As for the accuracy of the health tracking, we found the GT 6 Pro in line with flagship offerings from Huawei and competitors. And while heart rate, SpO2 and ECG info right on your wrist is convenient, these are just general health insights and not medical-grade reports.
Sleep tracking on the GT 6 Pro was consistently accurate in terms of go to sleep and wake up times and it even managed to catch specific instances of waking up during the night, which the Huawei Watch Fit 3 did not.





Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro sleep data and insights
Watch GT 6 Pro provides the usual sleep stages (light, deep, REM), movement patterns, heart rate, SpO2 and average respiratory rate.
Activity tracking
Watch GT 6 Pro supports over 100 activity tracking options, which cover even some niche hobbies. Huawei claims improved heart rate accuracy for runs and cycling and also improved golf experience with vector maps.
Runs get the usual mix of information, including distance, pace, cadence, heart rate, and calories burned, alongside more specific metrics like ground contact time, vertical oscillation, balance, VO2Max, HRV, intensity, and training stress.

In our testing, the Watch GT 6 Pro excels at heart rate and distance tracking, bringing much more accurate readings than the Huawei Watch Fit 3, which uses older sensors. During runs and hikes, the GT 6 Pro managed to keep a more accurate estimate of total distance covered, which goes hand in hand with the more accurate day-to-day step counting.
You also get automatic workout detection for activities like running and cycling, which is great if you tend to forget hitting the start button before your workout. In our experience, the auto-detect feature was slow to react and would sometimes alert me after 20-30 minutes of walking.
Watch GT 6 Pro also supports offline maps via Huawei Petal Maps with the ability to download regional maps for specific countries with topography details. This is quite useful for avid hikers and the map data is nicely displayed. You can also record routes and import them as a GPX file on the watch to help guide you on runs and hikes.

The other big hardware upgrade is the new antenna design and positioning algorithms, which promise 20% better positioning accuracy with dual-band support for all of the major satellite positioning systems.
During our testing phase, GPS localization took up to 20 seconds on some occasions but once it locks, you’re good to go with no drops in signal. Watch GT 6 Pro was pinpoint accurate in its GPS tracking and even managed to keep steady data on exact street-level positioning in a busy city environment, which some competitors still struggle with. The GPS lock also impressively stayed on point even when passing through pedestrian underpasses.

Cycling is the other main focus on the GT 6 Pro, with Huawei offering a virtual power meter – a first of its kind on any smartwatch. It utilizes Huawei’s new algorithm, which was trained on thousands of cycling datasets, and displays real-time and average power while cycling, similar to a traditional cycling power meter.




Outdoor cycling session on Watch GT 6 Pro
Thanks to the updated positioning, the watch can show real-time gradient, average gradient and gradient range stats during cycling sessions.





Outdoor cycling metrics on Watch GT 6 Pro
Watch GT 6 Pro can connect to a variety of third-party sensors like heart rate straps, cadence sensors, power meters and speedometers, which is useful if you are serious about jotting down your progress or training for a marathon.
Overall, Watch GT 6 Pro is one of the more complete smartwatches in terms of activity tracking and we’re certainly impressed by the array of features on deck.
Battery life
Huawei smartwatches tend to offer some of the best battery endurance and the GT 6 Pro is no exception. It’s the first watch to feature a new high-silicon stacked custom-shaped battery cell coming in at 867mAh capacity. The cell is shaped to better fit the casing of the GT 6 Pro compared to the usual rectangular batteries on other watches.

In our tests, we achieved 13 days of usage between charges, which is an impressive feat. Our usage included the screen set to auto brightness, AOD off, 100 daily notifications, 30 minutes of exercise every two days and constant heart rate, blood oxygen, sleep and stress tracking.
Huawei claims you can reach up to 21 days between charges with light usage, which seems realistic, but you’d have to severely limit most of the features on the watch. You can expect up to 7 days with AOD on which is still impressive endurance and among the best in the smartwatch segment.
A full 0-100% charge with the GT 6 Pro’s proprietary magnetic puck charger at 10W speeds takes 108 minutes. We also tested the GT 6 Pro on a Qi wireless charger, and it did work, though you’d get slower charging times, and you’d have to take out the watch straps each time if you go that route.
Verdict
The Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro is a solid upgrade over the Watch GT 5 Pro with a larger and brighter display, improved battery endurance and useful new sports tracking features for runners, cyclists and golfers.






Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro 



€380 at Amazon DE
£330 at Amazon UK


You get premium build quality with the titanium alloy casing and sapphire glass, alongside amazing battery endurance, which comfortably lasts for over 10 days between charges. Health tracking leaves little to be desired with all major general wellbeing measurements available and offering dependable results.
While the Harmony OS 6.0 interface is polished and offers a great selection of watch faces, we cannot overlook the limited third-party app support here in Europe and the absence of contactless payments. We’d also like to see a cellular connectivity option with future models.

With its €380/£330 price point in mind, Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro delivers a great experience for fitness enthusiasts looking for a well-built smartwatch that offers dependable health and activity tracking alongside excellent battery endurance.
We may get a commission from qualifying sales.

Health tracking
Huawei has consistently delivered accurate health and activity tracking on its watches, and the GT 6 Pro brings the standard array of features alongside some new options and a revamped TruSense sensor and algorithm suite with claims for more accurate data. You also get a skin temperature sensor.
Watch GT 6 Pro supports heart rate and blood oxygen (SpO2) tracking alongside sleep and stress measurements, and a new emotional well-being option. The latter takes into account your stress levels and is more on the gimmicky side.
You also get ECG readings on the GT 6 Pro, which are a hassle to take but deliver useful results that can help detect early-stage atrial fibrillation (AFib), aka irregular heart rhythm. You can easily export the ECG reports in the Huawei Health app and send them to your physician.



Watch GT 6  Pro sample ECG reading
You also get arterial stiffness measurements and heart rate variability (HRV) measurements, which monitor the regularity of the intervals between each heartbeat. HRV data is displayed for sleep tracking, where it can provide early warnings for sleep apnea, and also during workouts, where it helps gauge how hard you’re pushing your body and how much you need to rest.
When comparing standing heart rate and SpO2 readings from the Watch GT 6 Pro and the Watch Fit 3, we found similar readings across both devices. You also get Health Insights, which summarize your overall wellbeing by combining data from sleep, resting heart rate and workout sessions alongside additional metrics like heart rate and emotional wellbeing for a one-stop general health assessment.
As for the accuracy of the health tracking, we found the GT 6 Pro in line with flagship offerings from Huawei and competitors. And while heart rate, SpO2 and ECG info right on your wrist is convenient, these are just general health insights and not medical-grade reports.
Sleep tracking on the GT 6 Pro was consistently accurate in terms of go to sleep and wake up times and it even managed to catch specific instances of waking up during the night, which the Huawei Watch Fit 3 did not.





Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro sleep data and insights
Watch GT 6 Pro provides the usual sleep stages (light, deep, REM), movement patterns, heart rate, SpO2 and average respiratory rate.
Activity tracking
Watch GT 6 Pro supports over 100 activity tracking options, which cover even some niche hobbies. Huawei claims improved heart rate accuracy for runs and cycling and also improved golf experience with vector maps.
Runs get the usual mix of information, including distance, pace, cadence, heart rate, and calories burned, alongside more specific metrics like ground contact time, vertical oscillation, balance, VO2Max, HRV, intensity, and training stress.
In our testing, the Watch GT 6 Pro excels at heart rate and distance tracking, bringing much more accurate readings than the Huawei Watch Fit 3, which uses older sensors. During runs and hikes, the GT 6 Pro managed to keep a more accurate estimate of total distance covered, which goes hand in hand with the more accurate day-to-day step counting.
You also get automatic workout detection for activities like running and cycling, which is great if you tend to forget hitting the start button before your workout. In our experience, the auto-detect feature was slow to react and would sometimes alert me after 20-30 minutes of walking.
Watch GT 6 Pro also supports offline maps via Huawei Petal Maps with the ability to download regional maps for specific countries with topography details. This is quite useful for avid hikers and the map data is nicely displayed. You can also record routes and import them as a GPX file on the watch to help guide you on runs and hikes.
The other big hardware upgrade is the new antenna design and positioning algorithms, which promise 20% better positioning accuracy with dual-band support for all of the major satellite positioning systems.
During our testing phase, GPS localization took up to 20 seconds on some occasions but once it locks, you’re good to go with no drops in signal. Watch GT 6 Pro was pinpoint accurate in its GPS tracking and even managed to keep steady data on exact street-level positioning in a busy city environment, which some competitors still struggle with. The GPS lock also impressively stayed on point even when passing through pedestrian underpasses.
Cycling is the other main focus on the GT 6 Pro, with Huawei offering a virtual power meter – a first of its kind on any smartwatch. It utilizes Huawei’s new algorithm, which was trained on thousands of cycling datasets, and displays real-time and average power while cycling, similar to a traditional cycling power meter.




Outdoor cycling session on Watch GT 6 Pro
Thanks to the updated positioning, the watch can show real-time gradient, average gradient and gradient range stats during cycling sessions.





Outdoor cycling metrics on Watch GT 6 Pro
Watch GT 6 Pro can connect to a variety of third-party sensors like heart rate straps, cadence sensors, power meters and speedometers, which is useful if you are serious about jotting down your progress or training for a marathon.
Overall, Watch GT 6 Pro is one of the more complete smartwatches in terms of activity tracking and we’re certainly impressed by the array of features on deck.
Battery life
Huawei smartwatches tend to offer some of the best battery endurance and the GT 6 Pro is no exception. It’s the first watch to feature a new high-silicon stacked custom-shaped battery cell coming in at 867mAh capacity. The cell is shaped to better fit the casing of the GT 6 Pro compared to the usual rectangular batteries on other watches.

In our tests, we achieved 13 days of usage between charges, which is an impressive feat. Our usage included the screen set to auto brightness, AOD off, 100 daily notifications, 30 minutes of exercise every two days and constant heart rate, blood oxygen, sleep and stress tracking.
Huawei claims you can reach up to 21 days between charges with light usage, which seems realistic, but you’d have to severely limit most of the features on the watch. You can expect up to 7 days with AOD on which is still impressive endurance and among the best in the smartwatch segment.
A full 0-100% charge with the GT 6 Pro’s proprietary magnetic puck charger at 10W speeds takes 108 minutes. We also tested the GT 6 Pro on a Qi wireless charger, and it did work, though you’d get slower charging times, and you’d have to take out the watch straps each time if you go that route.
Verdict
The Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro is a solid upgrade over the Watch GT 5 Pro with a larger and brighter display, improved battery endurance and useful new sports tracking features for runners, cyclists and golfers.






Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro 



€380 at Amazon DE
£330 at Amazon UK


You get premium build quality with the titanium alloy casing and sapphire glass, alongside amazing battery endurance, which comfortably lasts for over 10 days between charges. Health tracking leaves little to be desired with all major general wellbeing measurements available and offering dependable results.
While the Harmony OS 6.0 interface is polished and offers a great selection of watch faces, we cannot overlook the limited third-party app support here in Europe and the absence of contactless payments. We’d also like to see a cellular connectivity option with future models.

With its €380/£330 price point in mind, Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro delivers a great experience for fitness enthusiasts looking for a well-built smartwatch that offers dependable health and activity tracking alongside excellent battery endurance.
We may get a commission from qualifying sales.

Huawei smartwatches tend to offer some of the best battery endurance and the GT 6 Pro is no exception. It’s the first watch to feature a new high-silicon stacked custom-shaped battery cell coming in at 867mAh capacity. The cell is shaped to better fit the casing of the GT 6 Pro compared to the usual rectangular batteries on other watches.
In our tests, we achieved 13 days of usage between charges, which is an impressive feat. Our usage included the screen set to auto brightness, AOD off, 100 daily notifications, 30 minutes of exercise every two days and constant heart rate, blood oxygen, sleep and stress tracking.
Huawei claims you can reach up to 21 days between charges with light usage, which seems realistic, but you’d have to severely limit most of the features on the watch. You can expect up to 7 days with AOD on which is still impressive endurance and among the best in the smartwatch segment.
A full 0-100% charge with the GT 6 Pro’s proprietary magnetic puck charger at 10W speeds takes 108 minutes. We also tested the GT 6 Pro on a Qi wireless charger, and it did work, though you’d get slower charging times, and you’d have to take out the watch straps each time if you go that route.
Verdict
The Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro is a solid upgrade over the Watch GT 5 Pro with a larger and brighter display, improved battery endurance and useful new sports tracking features for runners, cyclists and golfers.






Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro 



€380 at Amazon DE
£330 at Amazon UK


You get premium build quality with the titanium alloy casing and sapphire glass, alongside amazing battery endurance, which comfortably lasts for over 10 days between charges. Health tracking leaves little to be desired with all major general wellbeing measurements available and offering dependable results.
While the Harmony OS 6.0 interface is polished and offers a great selection of watch faces, we cannot overlook the limited third-party app support here in Europe and the absence of contactless payments. We’d also like to see a cellular connectivity option with future models.

With its €380/£330 price point in mind, Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro delivers a great experience for fitness enthusiasts looking for a well-built smartwatch that offers dependable health and activity tracking alongside excellent battery endurance.
We may get a commission from qualifying sales.

The Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro is a solid upgrade over the Watch GT 5 Pro with a larger and brighter display, improved battery endurance and useful new sports tracking features for runners, cyclists and golfers.
You get premium build quality with the titanium alloy casing and sapphire glass, alongside amazing battery endurance, which comfortably lasts for over 10 days between charges. Health tracking leaves little to be desired with all major general wellbeing measurements available and offering dependable results.
While the Harmony OS 6.0 interface is polished and offers a great selection of watch faces, we cannot overlook the limited third-party app support here in Europe and the absence of contactless payments. We’d also like to see a cellular connectivity option with future models.
With its €380/£330 price point in mind, Huawei Watch GT 6 Pro delivers a great experience for fitness enthusiasts looking for a well-built smartwatch that offers dependable health and activity tracking alongside excellent battery endurance.
We may get a commission from qualifying sales.
you are entitled to your opinion. However Huawei was nr.1 in smartwatch shipment in Q2 according to some reports..so it seems many do like that smartwatch looks more like a regular watch
you can literally buy hundreds of amazing watch faces. Some of them are free, some you have to buy, but they cost like a cup of  coffee...reasonable price. I have many amazing looking watch faces.
You have app called quicko. You register and top up some money...it works great



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2025 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use
Change Ad Consent
Do not sell my data
"
80,2025-10-12,"
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The Astro A20 X is a very solid headset, with decent construction, capable audio, and truly monstrous battery life — clocking in at 90 hours. Its signature feature is arguably its multi-platform capability, which puts Xbox, PC, PlayStation, and Bluetooth devices at the whim of a single button press. The audio and mic quality won't blow you away, but it's very decent, particularly for competitive play, and highly configurable with a high-quality app. This is a decent mid-range headset overall, but there might be better options that trade away some of the frills you might not need — such as RGB lighting. 
Lightweight and comfortable
Epic 90 hour battery life
Decent audio and solid mic quality
Great app with lots of config options
Lots of compatibility
RGB lighting is fun
Doesn't support multi-source audio mixing
A little pricy

Why you can trust Windows Central




Our expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. Find out more about how we test.

It's time for another Xbox and PC headset review, but will this one make our list of best Xbox headsets or best PC gaming headsets? You'd better read on to find out.
This is the Astro A20 X, a new 2025 version of Astro's popular mid-range A20 line. The A20 typically sits below headsets like the A40 and A50, which are more on the premium end. We live in a different economy, though. Global tariffs, geopolitical tensions, and a big purchasing power squeeze has battered supply chains and increased material costs. The landscape on gaming accessories is changing rapidly, but there's also been great evolving needs too, as more of us than ever go multiplatform.
The Astro A20 X feels like a reaction to that evolving landscape, with great visual flair for those who want to play on camera, and absurd 90-hour battery life to reduce fuss. On top, you also get a mid-range price point with maximum versatility, compatible with virtually every platform out there.
Is this the headset for you, though, given how many options there are on the market? Let's examine, together.
The Astro A20 X is a really decent option for those who want maximum compatibility. Support for PS5, Xbox, PC, and Bluetooth devices simultaneously is awesome, with a strong signal and good audio. The sound quality and materials on offer aren't the best in this price range, but it's a good option regardless, particularly if you can snag it during a sale. 
See at: Amazon
This headset was reviewed with an Astro A20 X unit provided by Logitech. Logitech did not see the contents of this review prior to posting.
I've been reviewing gaming headsets for ten years at this point, starting out as an independent blogger and working my way up to exec editor over here at Windows Central. I've reviewed a huge swath of Astro headsets over the years, as well as options from the firm's various competitors. I still use the Astro A50 as one of my primary drivers, and am heavily familiar with the firm's products. I want to help you make the best choices when it comes to Xbox and PC gaming accessories. 
 



Audio: 2.4 GHz and Bluetooth 5.3 (not simultaneous)Weight: 290 gramsDrivers: 40mm Biocellulose driversFreq. response: 20Hz to 20 kHzFeatures: Wireless hub with two USB-C ports to combine multiple sources (although not mix simultaneously), on-ear controls, RGB lighting, detachable micCompatibility: Xbox One, Series X|S, Windows 10 and higher PC, Nintendo Switch 1 and 2, PlayStation 4 and 5, Bluetooth devicesBattery life: ~90 hours, ~40 hours with lightingPrice: $179
The Astro A20 X is relatively standard on paper for a 2025 Xbox / PC headset, albeit with a few extra bells and whistles to differentiate itself.
It comes with a wireless transmitter in the box, which lets you connect up two USB-C cables simultaneously. Each port has a switch on them, letting you mix between console and PC signals simultaneously. You could have one plugged into your PC and one into your Xbox, for example, or one plugged into your Nintendo Switch 2 dock and one into your PS5.
There's also a Bluetooth 5.3 signal baked in, with a button on the headset for connecting even more devices, but we'll talk more on that in the audio section.
All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
 



The Astro A20 X joins other headsets in this range by prioritizing battery life, offering an impressive 90~ hours on a single charge. It differentiates itself a bit with its on-ear RGB lighting, which, even when turned on, still provides you with roughly 40~ hours of battery life. This can be turned off, of course.
You can switch it off with the A20 X's impressive PC software, which affords a high degree of configurability. You can let Windows Dynamic Lighting handle your RGB synchronicity, or decouple it and set it up separately. You can tune EQ settings, and also access Blue microphone tweaks from here as well.
On the headset itself, you have a button to switch between your two USB-C signals, as well as on-ear chat and sound mix buttons, and master volume sliders.
The Astro A20 X will set you back around $179.99 in the United States. Is it worth the ask? Let's go deeper.
 



The Astro A20 X is a mid-range priced sort of headset, at least in modern tariff terms, and it does seem a bit like Astro compromised a little on materials to prioritize usability and features.
The headset itself doesn't feel very densely constructed, with hollow-feeling cavities atop a plastic headband. It also has pretty basic cushioning, with fabric that, at least on mine, doesn't fit plush with the cushion itself. That's not to say it's uncomfortable though, far from it, actually.
This is an incredibly lightweight headset, and while I have some reservations about its ability to take a bump ... when it's on your head and in use, it's very comfortable. I'm not usually a fan of fabric ear cups, but they do the job here, but it's clear some superficial quality was sacrificed for features.
 



The headband feels decent enough, and the adjustability comes from slides on the earcups themselves. I've got a big head, and the maximum adjustments were generous enough, I felt. The floating headband adds a bit of comfort too, although the red accent was a bit of an odd decision in my view.
Why? Well, the Astro A20 X sports large RGB lights on each ear cup, presumably aimed at streamers or influencers who want to game and get on camera at the same time. I would've picked neutral tones for my accents, knowing that streamers might want to use branded colors for their RGB lighting. The red band and buttons might clash, etc. But it's a minor gripe, I suspect most of the people reading this aren't planning to use this headset on camera, and will most likely turn the lighting off since it serves no real purpose. It's fun for kids though, maybe, but it seems like a lot of added cost for little real benefit.
Overall, it's a well-put together headset that sports some unnecessary lights, but some of you reading this might be in the market for that, and that's A-OK. But pretty lights can't help a headset with bad audio ... how does the Astro A20 X fare here?
 



The Astro A20 X isn't quite on the level of its more expensive A40 or A50 cousins, but it's certainly no slouch either, offering decent sound reproduction at an affordable price.
40mm drivers with a standard frequency response between 20Hz and 20kHz power the Astro A20 X's audio scape, and generally it does a decent job. It has powerful and creamy bass, and playing Call of Duty Black Ops 7 beta, it was great at reproducing directional sound cues. I was able to pinpoint the general position of incoming footsteps and other enemy tells, giving me additional tactical awareness.
Where it struggled a bit was in more cinematic sound, I found, at least without tweaks. You can vastly tune the EQ in this headset, and the Logitech G Hub also comes with many presets for various games, but I still found it to be lacking a bit when it comes to more detailed soundscaping.
For example, in Silent Hill F, dynamic combat music feeds into the sound mix when more and more enemies appear. The closer they get to you, distortion and radio interference sounds enter the sound scape, and the A20 X struggled a fair bit with this. The high pops and crackling noise came through incredibly unpleasant, and I think it's a result of the headset being tuned to separate highs more aggressively for FPS tactical play. It could be that I'd just need more time to tweak the EQ settings, but at the very least, know that it might take some time to get the sound profile where you want it.
It's not bad overall by any means, particularly in this price range, but there are some edge cases like the above that seem to push it beyond its limit.
The microphone is quite good too. It's not content-creation grade, but the Logitech G Hub app does come with Blue software support, and comes with a variety of profiles for different audio feels. It's more than adequate for basic game streaming and voice comms, providing crisp and clear reproduction, which you can hear for yourself in the sample above.
 



The elephant in the room with the Astro A20 X is potentially the price tag. It's $179, which is cheaper than the RRP of many of its similar competitors, but with sales events and the like, it puts it within range of the Turtle Beach Stealth 700 (Gen 3). The Turtle Beach Stealth 700 (Gen 3) retails for a fair bit more at $199, but it has many of the same features, and goes a bit beyond with the addition of Bluetooth sound mixing.
However, the Stealth 700 is far bulkier than the Astro A20 X, owing to more metal parts and a flip-to-mute mic, rather than a detachable one.
In my mind, it really does come down to these two headsets in this price bracket. If you prefer something sleeker with RGB lights, the Astro A20 X might be for you. But I would argue that the Stealth 700 (Gen 3) sound is a bit punchier overall, but you do pay a premium for that on top.
 



While I have some reservations about its build quality, they are fairly unfounded. I'm curious how long it will last with its all-plastic construction, but unless you're particularly careless, I doubt there's any real risk here.
It's lightweight and comfortable, and easily suitable for those long 90~ hour sessions its battery life affords, but you might be tweaking the EQ for a fair while to improve upon its default configuration.
✅ You should buy this if: 
❌ You should avoid this if: 
I think there are better headsets on offer if you play primarily cinematic games or want to listen to music, although it's certainly no slouch in those departments either, and perhaps subsequent firmware updates will improve some of the popping I heard playing games like Silent Hill F.
If you are playing competitive FPS, however, it's a far better experience, and the microphone is very capable for coordinating your strats. This is a versatile headset offering great value, and worth your time and consideration.
The Astro A20 X is a really decent option for those who want maximum compatibility. Support for PS5, Xbox, PC, and Bluetooth devices simultaneously is awesome, with a strong signal and good audio. The sound quality and materials on offer aren't the best in this price range, but it's a good option regardless, particularly if you can snag it during a sale. 
See at: Amazon
Jez Corden is the Executive Editor at Windows Central, focusing primarily on all things Xbox and gaming. Jez is known for breaking exclusive news and analysis as relates to the Microsoft ecosystem while being powered by tea. Follow on Twitter (X) and tune in to the XB2 Podcast, all about, you guessed it, Xbox!
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
81,2025-10-12,"Login

Ivan 
12 October 2025


Week in review Featured

HMD’s latest device is an in-betweener, or a hybrid as the maker puts it – not quite a smartphone but smarter than a traditional featurephone. The HMD Touch 4G is basically a reincarnation of the Nokia Asha series, giving users some smart features through cloud-hosted browser apps. HMD Touch 4G is exclusive to the Indian market for now and runs a custom lightweight real-time operating system (RTOS) called RTOS Touch.
HMD Touch 4G comes in Cyan and Dark Blue colors. Pricing is set at INR 3,999 ($45) with the device now available from HMD India and ready to ship.
Realme's latest product is the 15 Pro Game of Thrones Limited Edition. The phone features a generous retail package and several design elements inspired by HBO’s Game of Thrones and features a unique heat-sensitive back panel that changes color when heated up. The Realme 15 Pro Game of Thrones Limited Edition is priced at INR 44,999 ($510) for the 12GB/512GB option and only 5,000 units will be sold globally.
The vivo V60e also went official with a 200MP primary camera, an 8MP ultrawide shooter, and a 50MP selfie camera. The phone has a 6,500mAh battery, a MediaTek Dimensity 7360-Turbo, and a 6.77-inch FHD+ 120Hz AMOLED display. The phone is available from October 10, priced at INR 29,999 ($340) for the base 8GB/128GB variant.
A close relative to the Nokia Asha series.
Only 5,000 units of the Realme 15 Pro Game of Thrones Edition will be sold worldwide.
The vivo V60e is powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 7360-Turbo SoC.
JEDEC, or the Joint Electron Device Engineering Council, announced the UFS 5.0 storage standard. It will soon enter production, focusing on enhancing AI performance. The UFS 5.0 almost doubles the sequential performance, offering a bandwidth of 10.8 GB/s. For context, the UFS 4.0 and 4.1 standards offer up to 5.8 GB/s bandwidth. There's no timeframe yet on when we'll see UFS 5.0 in devices.
The new UFS 5.0 standard is also more energy-efficient and secure.
We got some camera details on the upcoming OnePlus 15 and Realme GT 8 Pro. 
The OnePlus 15 is allegedly going to have a 1/1.5"" type sensor for its main camera, specifically the Sony Lytia LYT-700. Its periscope telephoto camera will be using the 1/2.76"" type Samsung ISOCELL JN5 sensor. The OnePlus 15 may sport the 50 MP Samsung ISOCELL JN5 sensor for its ultrawide camera.
The Realme GT 8 Pro is said to sport the same main camera as the OnePlus 15, with the same 1/1.5"" type Sony Lytia LYT-700 sensor. Its periscope telephoto camera will have 200 MP resolution and the 1/1.56"" type Samsung ISOCELL HP5 sensor.
The Mate 80 series is expected to include the Mate 80, Mate 80 Pro, and Mate 80 Pro+.
One is a clear upgrade compared to its predecessor, the other less so.
Check out our review of the 1.03kg Honor MagicBook Art 14 2025!
Honor's 1kg super laptop goes back to Intel in 2025.
It will feature a much larger battery capacity than the Galaxy S25 Edge and iPhone Air.
The Mate 80 series is expected to include the Mate 80, Mate 80 Pro, and Mate 80 Pro+.
Familiar phone from 2019 with a modern twist.
Google telemetry is nothing compared to the government mobile network surveillance
Hmd touch is good if you want stay away from Google spyware android but you can get something cheaper like Nokia 225--8210 4g and it will be good 
Another day, another disappointment from hmd 
Why are they even trying



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2025 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use
Change Ad Consent
Do not sell my data
"
82,2025-10-12,"
'Let's end fast tech' campaign is a hit. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Apple's 'Shot on iPhone' campaign has been running since 2014, when it began by showing off the camera capabilities of the iPhone 6. And while our best iPhone for photography roundup might look very different today, the ads look pretty much the same – highlighting a high quality photo taken on Apple's latest iPhone.
But if you think the photos themselves haven't changed a great deal, you're not alone. In an ingenious campaign launched earlier this year, second hand tech merchant Back Market launched it's own spin on the 'Shot on' concept, highlighting not only the relatively incremental improvements to smartphone cameras over the years, but the damage to the planet too.
 



Titled Let's End Fast Tech, the campaign gives a new, urgent purpose to those 'Shot on' iPhone photos, showing just how much the environment has changed in between smartphone models. For example, a 2012 photo of Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe, taken on the iPhone 5, is placed alongside a photo from the same angle taken by the iPhone 11 in 2019. While the former is rich with waterfalls, the latter, taken during a drought, is bone dry.
 



“E-waste and fast tech are global problems that need global awareness and solutions. We must start the conversation around the impact of our reliance on technology by illustrating how our environment has changed between smartphone model releases” said Joy Howard, CMO of Back Market.
“Today, advertising doesn’t do enough to promote sustainable consumption. And yet, it plays a vital role in raising awareness in the face of the contradictory pressures we face daily - encouraged to buy more, while also being told to be responsible.”
 



And the campaign has proven a hit online, frequently reappearing on social media. ""I was unprepared for how gutted these would make me feel,"" one Threads user comments, while Substack user declares, ""This is some of the best marketing I’ve ever seen. It doesn’t try to be witty, sarcastic, or make the viewer feel bad—it’s just straight up, there for anyone to see.""
Indeed, perhaps the ingenuity of the ads is how the concept manages so effectively to communicate two of Back Market's core values. It highlights both the absurdity of 'upgrade' culture, and the effect that it has on the planet.
Daily design news, reviews, how-tos and more, as picked by the editors.
Daniel John is Design Editor at Creative Bloq. He reports on the worlds of design, branding and lifestyle tech, and has covered several industry events including Milan Design Week, OFFF Barcelona and Adobe Max in Los Angeles. He has interviewed leaders and designers at brands including Apple, Microsoft and Adobe. Daniel's debut book of short stories and poems was published in 2018, and his comedy newsletter is a Substack Bestseller. 
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Creative Bloq is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
83,2025-10-12,"Written byOluwapelumi Adejumo
Edited byMohammad Shahid
When cryptocurrency prices plunged after President Donald Trump announced fresh tariffs, Binance — long seen as the industry’s core liquidity engine — quickly became the focal point of the chaos.
For many Binance users, the exchange’s cross-margin system, which links all assets in a trader’s account as collateral, worsened their losses. 
As prices collapsed, traders reported that Binance’s interface froze during the sell-off, preventing them from closing or hedging positions. Because all assets were tied together, a single margin call triggered total account liquidations instead of partial losses.
This structural weakness led to widespread anger, with some users accusing Binance of profiting from market volatility through liquidation fees.
“We listen closely, learn from what happened, and are committed to doing better.”Spare it. You keep cross margin as the default because it feeds your liquidation engine. One system freeze and traders lose everything, while you collect the fees. That’s not learning, that’s…
Although Binance promised compensation for affected customers, it has yet to release a full post-incident report.
That silence created space for speculation, especially after on-chain researcher YQ shared data suggesting that the crash may not have been entirely organic.
YQ’s analysis found that three Binance-listed assets — USDe, wBETH, and BNSOL — lost their pegs within minutes of each other during an internal pricing update. 
At that moment, USDe fell to $0.65, wBETH collapsed to $430 (almost 90% below Ethereum’s value), and BNSOL slid to $34.9.
“The 23-minute gap between general liquidations and the specific asset crashes suggests sequential execution rather than random panic,” the analyst wrote.
Considering this, the analyst estimates suggest the coordinated trades could have extracted between $800 million and $1.2 billion from the market.
“While we cannot definitively prove coordination, the evidence creates reasonable suspicion. The precision, timing, venue-specificity, and profit patterns align too perfectly with what a coordinated attack would look like. Whether through brilliant opportunism or deliberate planning, someone turned Binance’s transparency into vulnerability and extracted nearly a billion dollars in the process,” he concluded.
While attention centered on Binance, fresh blockchain data revealed that Coinbase, the largest US exchange, also made notable movements before the downturn.
Analytics firm Meta Financial AI (MEFAI) discovered that Coinbase transferred 1,066 BTC from a cold wallet to a hot wallet shortly before prices began to tumble. 
Around the same time, a newly created wallet — allegedly owned by a US” investor — purchased 1,100 BTC from Binance and sent it to Coinbase.
Now, the time has come to talk about Coinbase. We're looking at the exchange that transferred 1,066 bitcoin from its own cold wallet to a hot wallet right before the crash.This was just before the critical hours of the event.https://t.co/gGQ16qjsOgFurthermore, around that…
These actions raised eyebrows because Coinbase primarily handles large institutional trades through its over-the-counter (OTC) desk, not retail orders. 
Such transactions usually involve ETF issuers, hedge funds, or corporate treasuries that want to buy Bitcoin discreetly without influencing market prices. 
Considering this, MEFAI noted that the timing of these movements may have intensified selling pressure already mounting in the market.
“The sales that happen here are made to institutions. Their own arbitrage and pricing bots balance the price. It operates on a spot basis. [Coinbase] is the most difficult place to sell 1,000 BTC as a retail user, because it is hard to find a non-institutional investor on the other side to buy that 1,000 BTC,” MEFAI concluded.
Despite the claims, no clear evidence ties the Binance and Coinbase events together.
Still, the synchronized wallet activity, overlapping timing, and sharp market impact have deepened industry suspicion that the crash was more than a coincidence.
Daily Crypto Insights
Insights, news and analysis of the crypto market straight to your inbox
Disclaimer
In adherence to the Trust Project guidelines, BeInCrypto is committed to unbiased, transparent reporting. This news article aims to provide accurate, timely information. However, readers are advised to verify facts independently and consult with a professional before making any decisions based on this content. Please note that our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimers have been updated."
84,2025-10-12,
85,2025-10-12,"Usually, when one insider buys stock, it might not be a monumental event. But when multiple insiders are buying like..."
86,2025-10-12,"Written byOluwapelumi Adejumo
Edited byMohammad Shahid
More than $1.75 billion in new USDT and USDC entered circulation after President Donald Trump’s tariff announcement on China triggered the recent market crash.
On October 11, blockchain analytics firm Lookonchain reported that Tether, the world’s largest stablecoin issuer, minted roughly $1 billion worth of USDT on Ethereum.
Crypto analyst JA Maartun, citing CryptoQuant data, noted that Tether minted $775.8 million on Oct. 10 and another $771 million on Oct. 11. Notably, this represents one of the largest short-term issuance bursts this year.
With this expansion, Tether’s total supply now stands at $180 billion, including $80 billion on Ethereum alone.
Meanwhile, Circle—the issuer of USDC—minted $750 million in new tokens on Solana. This move boosted its total holdings on the network to $12.84 billion and raised its overall supply to nearly $75 billion.
The timing of these issuances is significant. 
On Friday, the crypto market lost about $20 billion in leveraged positions following Trump’s tariff expansion. This triggered a steep sell-off across major assets such as Bitcoin and Ethereum. 
The resulting liquidation cascade wiped out over-extended longs and erased double-digit gains from earlier in the week.
However, the wave of new stablecoin mints suggests that market participants are reallocating capital through stable assets. Instead of exiting the space, they are positioning themselves for renewed market opportunities.
Considering this, market analysts have interpreted the move as a sign that traders are positioning to accumulate digital assets at discounted prices.
Supporting that view, blockchain tracker Lookonchain reported that Bitmine, an Ethereum-focused investment firm, acquired roughly 128,700 ETH worth about $480 million shortly after the crash. 
According to the firm, six wallets tied to the ETH treasury company withdrew the funds from trading platforms, FalconX and Kraken, within hours of the downturn.
Bitmine(@BitMNR) appears to have bought 128,718 $ETH ($480M) after the market crash.6 new wallets (likely belonging to #Bitmine) withdrew 128,718 $ETH ($480M) from #FalconX and #Kraken.https://t.co/yrR74RyMHo pic.twitter.com/XsfjD3c3lX
So, the swift return of capital via new USDT and USDC issuances underscores how quickly sentiment in digital markets can rebound, even after a sharp macro-driven correction.
Daily Crypto Insights
Insights, news and analysis of the crypto market straight to your inbox
Disclaimer
In adherence to the Trust Project guidelines, BeInCrypto is committed to unbiased, transparent reporting. This news article aims to provide accurate, timely information. However, readers are advised to verify facts independently and consult with a professional before making any decisions based on this content. Please note that our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimers have been updated."
87,2025-10-12,"The market is shifting from story to structure. Liquidity, leverage, and belief are breaking down, and only disciplined investors who prepare, not predict..."
88,2025-10-12,"The main point of investing for the long term is to make money. Furthermore, you'd generally like to see the share..."
89,2025-10-12,"With its stock down 28% over the past three months, it is easy to disregard IPH (ASX:IPH). To decide if this trend..."
90,2025-10-12,"The excitement of investing in a company that can reverse its fortunes is a big draw for some speculators, so even..."
91,2025-10-12,"If you’re trying to make sense of what to do with MasTec stock today, you aren’t the only one watching this chart. After a jaw-dropping run, up more than 300..."
92,2025-10-12,"Written byAnanda Banerjee
Edited byMohammad Shahid
While most altcoins are still trying to recover from the recent crypto market crash, the Zcash (ZEC) price seems to be living in a different world. The privacy-focused token has climbed nearly 74% in the past week, holding firm while others wobbled.
What’s driving this strength isn’t hype — it’s conviction. Both large holders and retail traders are quietly buying the dips, and ZEC’s price chart shows that momentum could still have some room left. But with more upside comes a few risks, too. 
Zcash’s buying pressure has held steady even through the market-wide panic. Both institutional and retail activity have stayed strong, the two segments that usually move in opposite directions during crashes.
The Money Flow Index (MFI), which tracks buying strength and trading volume, sits above 95, showing that traders are still actively buying at higher prices. 
Meanwhile, the Chaikin Money Flow (CMF), which reflects larger or institutional activity, remains positive around 0.25, confirming that big players haven’t stepped away.
Want more token insights like this? Sign up for Editor Harsh Notariya’s Daily Crypto Newsletter here.
Together, these trends explain why the ZEC price rebounded so sharply after briefly dipping to $150 on October 10 (threatened by the crash). 
Buyers quickly absorbed the fall, sending the ZEC price back to nearly $290. This consistent inflow of money — from both retail and whales — has kept Zcash’s uptrend intact even when most of the market turned red.
However, CMF hasn’t yet climbed back to its early-October peak. That means while buying is strong, full-scale institutional momentum hasn’t fully returned. If large money picks up again, the Zcash price rally could easily stretch further.
The only major risk for the Zcash price right now lies in the derivatives market. Data from Bybit’s ZEC/USDT liquidation map shows that the market is heavily tilted toward long positions — $21.49 million in cumulative long leverage versus just $3.43 million in shorts.
That means most traders are betting on ZEC’s price to keep rising. But if the price drops suddenly toward $178, all those leveraged longs could start getting liquidated, creating a chain reaction of forced selling — similar to what triggered the recent broader crash.
So while spot buying remains strong, leverage traders might be building a pressure point that could spark short-term volatility if sentiment shifts.
Zcash’s daily chart shows that the rally is still technically sound. The token continues to trade inside an ascending triangle, with Fibonacci levels providing strong structure. At press time, ZEC sits around $287, with immediate support near $251.
If the price manages to hold that level — and if buying pressure continues from both retail and whales — ZEC could move toward $331, which is the next resistance to beat. A daily close above that would likely open the door to $461, continuing the strong run.
But if leveraged positions start to unwind, the first fallback zones sit around $223 and $170. Those would be key areas for dip buyers to step in again if the rally cools off.
Daily Crypto Insights
Insights, news and analysis of the crypto market straight to your inbox
Disclaimer
In line with the Trust Project guidelines, this price analysis article is for informational purposes only and should not be considered financial or investment advice. BeInCrypto is committed to accurate, unbiased reporting, but market conditions are subject to change without notice. Always conduct your own research and consult with a professional before making any financial decisions. Please note that our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimers have been updated."
93,2025-10-12,"DIC (TSE:4631) shares have experienced some shifts lately, drawing attention from investors interested in the materials sector. With its recent price..."
94,2025-10-12,"We may receive a commission on purchases made from links.
Mimi Leder's 1997 actioner ""The Peacemaker"" was the first movie released by the then-nascent DreamWorks Pictures. The studio rushed multiple high profile films into theaters immediately thereafter, dropping Steven Spielberg's Oscar-bait drama ""Amistad"" and Gore Verbinski's stylish kiddie flick ""Mouse Hunt"" before the year was out. DreamWorks soon proved to be a formidable player in mainstream animation as well, unveiling ""Antz"" and ""The Prince of Egypt"" in the late months of 1998. 2000 was also a good year for its animation department, with DreamWorks releasing both ""The Road to El Dorado"" and Aardman Animations' ""Chicken Run.""
Then, in 2001, DreamWorks Animation released ""Shrek,"" a pointedly anti-Disney satire based on the picture book by William Steig. ""Shrek"" featured endless cheeky send-ups of fairy tales, and audiences ate it up. The first ""Shrek"" was a huge box office hit and spawned a massive entertainment franchise that lasts to this day. Indeed, a whole generation has grown up watching ""Shrek,"" and its many sequels are now considered classics. The property became so lucrative that Disney itself started to imitate its satire, as the studio's own ""Frozen"" had some of the same anti-Disney sentiment that ""Shrek"" wrought.
No one could have predicted just how popular ""Shrek"" would become, least of all the higher-ups at DreamWorks. Indeed, according to Nicole LaPorte's book ""The Men Who Would be King: An Almost Epic Tale of Moguls, Movies and a Company Called DreamWorks,"" ""Shrek"" was, once upon a time, considered a punishment by the studio. The hot ticket production in the late 1990s was ""The Prince of Egypt."" If you messed something up while animating that film, the DreamWorks honchos would demote you down to the ""Shrek"" production. There's certainly an irony to that, as ""Shrek"" made far more money than ""The Prince of Egypt"" ever did.
To remind readers, ""The Prince of Egypt"" was a full-blown musical re-imagining of the Book of Exodus boasting an all-star cast that included Val Kilmer as Moses and Ralph Fiennes as Rameses, plus Michelle Pfeiffer, Patrick Stewart, Helen Mirren, Jeff Goldblum, Sandra Bullock, Danny Glover, Steve Martin, and Martin Short. A-listers like that weren't regularly gathered for animated features yet. ""The Prince of Egypt"" was also a high-profile prestige picture intended to combat Disney's dominance of the animation market at the time during the famous Disney Renaissance. A lot of time and energy went into the film, and it ended up snagging two Oscar nods, winning for Best Song. This was a few years before the Best Animated Feature Oscar was introduced, otherwise it would've been a shoo-in. 
""Shrek,"" meanwhile, was a silly comedy about an ogre. While it also had an all-star cast (including Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, John Lithgow, and Cameron Diaz), it was regarded as the ""lesser"" film. Indeed, an animator (who preferred to remain anonymous) spoke to LaPorte, explaining that ""Shrek"" was used as a punitive measure:
""It was known as the Gulag. [...] If you failed on 'Prince of Egypt,' you were sent to the dungeons to work on 'Shrek.'"" 
It seemed that no one wanted to be ""Shreked."" It should also be remembered that ""Shrek"" was originally envisioned as being more disgusting than it became. Like Steig's book, Shrek was meant to be the grossest creature in the world. He married the second grossest creature, and they had revolting offsprings. No one wanted to work on a movie like that. Also, it was a computer-animated film, which many traditional animators felt was beneath them. 
As the New York Post noted in 2010, even the ""cleaned up"" version of ""Shrek"" was still considered too gross for DreamWorks' animators. Recall that the titular character was an ogre who lived in a bog and bathed in mud. In the opening minutes of the film, Shrek exits an outhouse and then gets into a swamp where he assertively breaks wind, killing the nearby fish. It feels tame in retrospect, but a major studio release starting with poop and fart gags was a risk at the time. The movie's co-director, Vicky Jenson, recalled feeling antsy when ""Shrek"" premiered at Cannes, saying ""Here we are, sitting in tuxedos and evening gowns, wearing borrowed jewels, and everyone's watching Shrek take a poot in the water.""
Even DreamWorks co-founder Jeffrey Katzenberg, who was also the head of DreamWorks' animation department back then, remembered thinking that ""Shrek"" was going to inspire walk-out and outrage at its premiere:
""For the first 10 minutes — nothing. [...] My heart was thumping, my forehead was breaking out in a sweat. I said to myself, 'They're going to burn the place down.'""
Instead, ""Shrek"" became DreamWorks' biggest hit. A sequel was quickly put into production, and ""Shrek 2,"" released in 2004, becoming that year's highest grossing film at the global box office. The franchise also gave rise to spin-off films about Antonio Banderas' breakout character from ""Shrek 2,"" Puss in Boots, as well as a high-earning Broadway musical. Shrek has additionally turned up in at least 12 video games since then, along with amusement-park-only attractions. If Shrek was supposed to be the grossest creature alive, he has been turned into a family-friendly, smiling, friendly companion. Shrek may've farted in a bog, but that was no bad thing. "
95,2025-10-12,"Investment guru Adam Koprucki has a surprising suggestion for Americans looking to boost their wealth: dig out your old tech and toys. According to Koprucki,..."
96,2025-10-12,"Third Point Management holds $242,262,500 worth of Vistra Corp. (NYSE:VST) shares, representing 3.18% of its portfolio. The stock is included in our list of ..."
97,2025-10-12,"Third Point Management holds $118,788,000 worth of SharkNinja Inc. (NYSE:SN) shares, representing 1.56% of its portfolio. The stock is included in our list..."
98,2025-10-12,"Third Point Management holds $178,428,250 worth of Kenvue Inc. (NYSE:KVUE) shares, representing 2.34% of its portfolio. The stock is included in our list of ..."
99,2025-10-12,"Oracle is unafraid when it comes to hedging big bets. The company is making a career out of reinventing itself on a large scale, often by spending a lot of..."
