,date,content
0,2025-02-01,"Sam Altman, CEO of OpenAI, admits the company was ""on the wrong side of history"" in the open source AI debate during a Reddit AMA, signaling a potential strategy shift as Chinese competitor DeepSeek disrupts the market with efficient, open models."
1,2025-02-01,"
					
						
						Follow Slashdot stories on Twitter


Nickname:



Password:



Nickname:



Password:



The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them.  We are not responsible for them in any way.

Couldn’t really give a fuck either
Indeed. Most of the current AI hype is built on lies anyways, what are a few more. Especially if billions of stupid money is ripe for the taking.
Mostly thanks for changing the vacuous Subject, but I do have some thoughts spinning off of your new topic...
The topic of ""lies"" is fraught with danger of misunderstanding. I think you can make a legitimate argument that the cost of training this particular model was affected by experiences gained with earlier models, but trying to assess the value of those experiences (to add in as costs?) would be quite difficult. Perhaps even crazy. Like trying to assess the value of shares in any public company these ye 
This
They bought PUT options, made the annoucement, profited...
Everyone writing ""And while DeepSeek claims it only spent $5.6 million to train one of its advanced models,"" is either a complete idiot or a liar.
Because the source [arxiv.org] said:""Assuming the rental price of the H800 GPU is $2 per GPU hour, our total training costs amount to only $5.576M.Note that the aforementioned costs include only the official training of DeepSeek-V3, excluding the costs associated with prior research and ablation experiments on architectures, algorithms, or data.""
DeepSeek never reported their costs for R1, let alone their total costs. Never claimed it was only $6m.
Clearly. Now, if they had some actual, I don't know, Business Model that makes sense, at this time, several years into the hype they might not have to lie so much, but they do not. This thing eats money like crazy and delivers mostly nothing.
It also does harm: Attack code generation is not accessible to the clueless and the incompetent, and exploit generation for new vulnerabilities has been massively accelerated. That works because attack code does not have to be reliable or secure. Quite unlike other code 
They need to calm down their investors.
They all lie. We don't know all the details of who's lying about what, though, and there may be even more lying than anticipated.
They lied about their competitor being cheaper? I guess I lost the plot here... we hate AI and AI companies because either they terk yer jerbs or they're not good enough to terk yer jerb and everything in between.
I'm just using it to get real work done, not investing in NVDA or paying attention to the hype and anti-hype. It's a damn tool and it's good. That makes people jealous and afraid apparently. Weirdos.
And you are crazy if you trust it isn't trained to subtly slip in vulnerabilities and backdoors.
https://science.slashdot.org/s... [slashdot.org]
It also misses the very important point that it's not just that their costs are lower, it's that they were able to train their very capable AI with GPUs that are not export controlled. GPUs that have performance well within the realm of what China is starting to produce itself.
In other words the export ban failed and if anything just spurred a Chinese company to leap ahead of US competitors, who are now scrambling to copy what DeepSeek did.
Mod parent up with sadness.
It also misses the very important point that it's not just that their costs are lower, it's that they were able to train their very capable AI with GPUs that are not export controlled. GPUs that have performance well within the realm of what China is starting to produce itself.In other words the export ban failed and if anything just spurred a Chinese company to leap ahead of US competitors, who are now scrambling to copy what DeepSeek did.It may be that DeepSeek made major advances or maybe not.  We'll find out over the next year or so.  However, it's clear that DeepSeek did make some advances, including some that weren't obvious.  The workaround at the PTX level to increase the intermodule bandwidth that was intentionally crippled for H800 is impressive.  Perhaps there is something to be learned from that, either for software or hardware, and Nvidia should be paying very close attention to this.  Memory savings via multi-head latent attention is something that will become widespread.The super big question right now is whether these advances will lead to future models running on ""smaller"" processors or amped-up larger models running on yet larger processors.  That is, it's not clear if scaling doesn't apply to something like V3.  Whereas GPT-4/5 would have used obscene amounts of hardware, it might be possible to run the MLA-equivalent of GPT-6/7 on the same obscene amounts of hardware.The other big thing is what the recent SemiAccurate article pointed out.  DeepSeek shook up the AI world, but it's simply one of many companies and events that have and will continue to shake up the AI world.  All of these events are good and increase the attention and resources devoted to AI research, which accelerates the rate of progress.
It also misses the very important point that it's not just that their costs are lower, it's that they were able to train their very capable AI with GPUs that are not export controlled. GPUs that have performance well within the realm of what China is starting to produce itself.
In other words the export ban failed and if anything just spurred a Chinese company to leap ahead of US competitors, who are now scrambling to copy what DeepSeek did.
It may be that DeepSeek made major advances or maybe not.  We'll find out over the next year or so.  However, it's clear that DeepSeek did make some advances, including some that weren't obvious.  The workaround at the PTX level to increase the intermodule bandwidth that was intentionally crippled for H800 is impressive.  Perhaps there is something to be learned from that, either for software or hardware, and Nvidia should be paying very close attention to this.  Memory savings via multi-head latent attention is something that will become widespread.
The super big question right now is whether these advances will lead to future models running on ""smaller"" processors or amped-up larger models running on yet larger processors.  That is, it's not clear if scaling doesn't apply to something like V3.  Whereas GPT-4/5 would have used obscene amounts of hardware, it might be possible to run the MLA-equivalent of GPT-6/7 on the same obscene amounts of hardware.
The other big thing is what the recent SemiAccurate article pointed out.  DeepSeek shook up the AI world, but it's simply one of many companies and events that have and will continue to shake up the AI world.  All of these events are good and increase the attention and resources devoted to AI research, which accelerates the rate of progress.
""were able to train their very capable AI with GPUs that are not export controlled.""
That isn't actually proven which is the point of this article. They trained the previous iteration on controlled GPUs... which didn't suddenly vanish with the ban. Also while deepseek performs well in benchmarks it hasn't done nearly as well for me in real world usage. Even if it worked as claimed that would only put them on par with US competitors not leaped ahead of them.
The people scrambling to copy what deepseek did are 
Deepseek literally said they spent 5 million training THIS fucking model for fucks sake. No, you don't count the cost of training a DIFFERENT model on different architectures / training in the cost of a different and separate god damn model.
Yes, they spent more than 5 million on prior research. So has pretty much every company in existence. Just because they spent money BEFORE, doesn't mean they spent that money ON THIS SPECIFIC PROJECT.
That's like trying to claim the dude who wrote a fart app in one hour of dev time didn't REALLY only spend only an hour on the fart app and to count every hour of dev time he ever did in his life prior to when he wrote the fart app. Sounds kinda fucking stupid when put that way doesn't it?
Deepseek literally said they spent 5 million training THIS fucking model for fucks sake.They didn't even say that much.  They said how many GPU hours were used for each stage of training, then calculated how much it would cost to rent that many GPUs at current rates.  Anyone with an account on AWS or Azure can now train a model for that much, even if they don't own any GPUs at all.
Deepseek literally said they spent 5 million training THIS fucking model for fucks sake.
They didn't even say that much.  They said how many GPU hours were used for each stage of training, then calculated how much it would cost to rent that many GPUs at current rates.  Anyone with an account on AWS or Azure can now train a model for that much, even if they don't own any GPUs at all.
Anyone with an account on AWS or Azure can now train a model for that much, even if they don't own any GPUs at all.Set aside the capital costs in developing the know-how.  What data would anyone with an account on AWS or Azure train that model on?  Do AWS and Azure make it free to crawl the web and slurp up 10 trillion-plus tokens of data, or to transfer that from somewhere else?  Do they make it free to store and load that data while training the model?It's dishonest to pretend that GPU rental is the sum of costs to train a model
Anyone with an account on AWS or Azure can now train a model for that much, even if they don't own any GPUs at all.
Set aside the capital costs in developing the know-how.  What data would anyone with an account on AWS or Azure train that model on?  Do AWS and Azure make it free to crawl the web and slurp up 10 trillion-plus tokens of data, or to transfer that from somewhere else?  Do they make it free to store and load that data while training the model?
It's dishonest to pretend that GPU rental is the sum of costs to train a model
It's dishonest to pretend that GPU rental is the sum of costs to train a modelThey never claimed it was.  The only people being dishonest are the ones falsely claiming they did.Do AWS and Azure make it free to crawl the web and slurp up 10 trillion-plus tokens of data, or to transfer that from somewhere else?If you're looking for open datasets to train LLMs, here are some good starting places.  https://huggingface.co/collect... [huggingface.co]  https://github.com/argilla-io/... [github.com] In addition, people often include synthetic data generated by another LLM.  (OpenAI has accused DeepSeek of using their model [slashdot.org] that way to train their own model.)  You might find this project [github.com] interesting.  It's an attempt to reproduce R1 using a fully open pipel
It's dishonest to pretend that GPU rental is the sum of costs to train a model
They never claimed it was.  The only people being dishonest are the ones falsely claiming they did.
Do AWS and Azure make it free to crawl the web and slurp up 10 trillion-plus tokens of data, or to transfer that from somewhere else?If you're looking for open datasets to train LLMs, here are some good starting places.  https://huggingface.co/collect... [huggingface.co]  https://github.com/argilla-io/... [github.com] In addition, people often include synthetic data generated by another LLM.  (OpenAI has accused DeepSeek of using their model [slashdot.org] that way to train their own model.)  You might find this project [github.com] interesting.  It's an attempt to reproduce R1 using a fully open pipel
Do AWS and Azure make it free to crawl the web and slurp up 10 trillion-plus tokens of data, or to transfer that from somewhere else?
If you're looking for open datasets to train LLMs, here are some good starting places.
  https://huggingface.co/collect... [huggingface.co]  https://github.com/argilla-io/... [github.com] 
In addition, people often include synthetic data generated by another LLM.  (OpenAI has accused DeepSeek of using their model [slashdot.org] that way to train their own model.)  You might find this project [github.com] interesting.  It's an attempt to reproduce R1 using a fully open pipel
They never claimed it was. The only people being dishonest are the ones falsely claiming they did.Respond to what I said, not some straw man.  When a person says ""this cost the equivalent of X"", they are implying that's the only relevant cost.If you're looking for open datasets to train LLMs, here are some good starting places.I'm not.  Are you suggesting that all DeepSeek did was download one of those?  Your last link suggests otherwise.
They never claimed it was. The only people being dishonest are the ones falsely claiming they did.
Respond to what I said, not some straw man.  When a person says ""this cost the equivalent of X"", they are implying that's the only relevant cost.
If you're looking for open datasets to train LLMs, here are some good starting places.I'm not.  Are you suggesting that all DeepSeek did was download one of those?  Your last link suggests otherwise.
If you're looking for open datasets to train LLMs, here are some good starting places.
I'm not.  Are you suggesting that all DeepSeek did was download one of those?  Your last link suggests otherwise.
Deepseek literally said they spent 5 million training THIS fucking model for fucks sake. No, you don't count the cost of training a DIFFERENT model on different architectures / training in the cost of a different and separate god damn model.Yes, they spent more than 5 million on prior research. So has pretty much every company in existence. Just because they spent money BEFORE, doesn't mean they spent that money ON THIS SPECIFIC PROJECT.True.  So, a fully fleshed out company with all datasets, experts, already working models, etc. would incrementally only need the $5.6 million.  That does mean something, especially if the trial-and-error runs during the research phase were also much faster.However, it doesn't mean that any Joe in his garage can duplicate what DeepSeek did because just the trial-and-error runs during the research phase would have been a few orders of magnitude higher in dollars.  And that doesn't account for the non-process 
Deepseek literally said they spent 5 million training THIS fucking model for fucks sake. No, you don't count the cost of training a DIFFERENT model on different architectures / training in the cost of a different and separate god damn model.
Yes, they spent more than 5 million on prior research. So has pretty much every company in existence. Just because they spent money BEFORE, doesn't mean they spent that money ON THIS SPECIFIC PROJECT.
True.  So, a fully fleshed out company with all datasets, experts, already working models, etc. would incrementally only need the $5.6 million.  That does mean something, especially if the trial-and-error runs during the research phase were also much faster.
However, it doesn't mean that any Joe in his garage can duplicate what DeepSeek did because just the trial-and-error runs during the research phase would have been a few orders of magnitude higher in dollars.  And that doesn't account for the non-process 
China is run by the CCP and most anything out of China to the rest of the world has to go through the CCP.  Because the CCP want to be a big player in the world, or at least look like one, they will talk up their capabilities.
Why lie to the world?  Won't people figure out the lies eventually?  So long as the lies leave enough doubt on what is true China can use their announcements of their capabilities in technology, military, economy, medicine, or what not, to cause other nations to act in ways they otherwise would not.
This can backfire in a huge way as proven by the Boeing F-15.  Announcements from the Soviets in the 1960s and early 1970s had the DoD concerned that if the Cold War warmed up that they'd be at a huge disadvantage against aircraft from the Soviets.  They worked hard to get an aircraft that was at least on par with the reports on what the Soviets claimed they had.  The F-15 was created in response, at considerable expense.  When aircraft were captured from the Soviets by various means there was a realization that the US military was 50 years ahead in technology.  The F-15 has had some updates on electronics since the 1970s but the rest of the plane changed little and remains in service still because it is just an awesome aircraft.
I read recently that China is building nuclear powered icebreakers.  Is this really happening?  It's likely nobody knows for certain.  If this is believed by people in the White House and Congress then we should expect the US Coast Guard to get nuclear icebreakers too.
Oh, and Russia has had nuclear icebreakers for decades but they don't appear to concern the powers-that-be in DC all that much.  Much of the Russian icebreaker fleet is in bad shape.  One such icebreaker collided with a cargo ship days ago and has sustained damage.  The cooling systems on all Russian icebreakers are sub par so while most of them have multiple reactor cores they can't operate all of them at the same time or it could over heat even in Arctic waters, and this keeps them from leaving the Arctic to go to the Antarctic.  Chinese icebreakers will be forced to have proper cooling to transit tropical seas or none will be able to leave port under their own power, they don't have the luxury of leaving them in ice cold water all year.  I expect to see the US Coast Guard get nuclear icebreakers soon as a response.
I suspect the CCP is lying about their GPT technology and as a result the rest of the world will be changing tactics on development of their own technology, dumping in even more money to speed things along, and end up surpassing whatever China claims they have.
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/... [wikipedia.org] 
Boeing produces the F-15 now.  The original F-15 from 1975 or so was such an awesome design that Boeing still produces it today.
The Boeing F/A-18 is a similar story by having it's origins in the 1970s.  It didn't play out the same because there was a significant shift in the air frame design around 1995 and Boeing acquiring production which makes the original design something I'd consider not quite as everlasting.  The current E/F variants of the F/A-18 is about 30 years old
It's not China that's producing these stupid articles and misrepresentation. It's Western media.A quick search of the web allowed me to find this article on China's ambitions to build nuclear icebreakers:  https://www.globaltimes.cn/pag... [globaltimes.cn] That's from Global Times.  Who is behind Global Times? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/... [wikipedia.org] Oh, it's a paper run by the CCP.  I don't see how such articles can be blamed on Western media.I don't know why the CCP would want to drive the USA to build nuclear powered icebreakers.  That would not likely go well for them.The USCG needs icebreakers badly, nuclear or not.  Right n
It's not China that's producing these stupid articles and misrepresentation. It's Western media.
A quick search of the web allowed me to find this article on China's ambitions to build nuclear icebreakers:  https://www.globaltimes.cn/pag... [globaltimes.cn] 
That's from Global Times.  Who is behind Global Times? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/... [wikipedia.org] 
Oh, it's a paper run by the CCP.  I don't see how such articles can be blamed on Western media.
I don't know why the CCP would want to drive the USA to build nuclear powered icebreakers.  That would not likely go well for them.
The USCG needs icebreakers badly, nuclear or not.  Right n
Even if DeepSeek only cost half of what OpenAIs latest offering cost per run that would still be news. But that is still not the most important thing that DeepSeek did, that would be the fact that they open source a grade-A  model worth billions of dollars.
Yeah the rest plagiarized from the world and then charge the world subscription.The DeepSeek bunch allegedly plagiarized the plagiarized data from OpenAI etc but they opensourced the stuff.So I find it kinda hard to get mad about DeepSeek's alleged copying. It looks like my stuff on the Internet is going to be plagiarized anyway, so it's better if it's open-sourced than being used to get subscriptions to make some billionaires richer.Lots of people like to claim the plagiarizing AIs are justdoing what humans do. But no, most humans do not download other people's content then distribute parts of that content (especially to subscribers). That distribution part is when it becomes copyright infringement.I see DeepSeek using Open AI's data which Open AI stole from everybody on the internet a some well deserved justice for a bunch of robber barons who otherwise would have gotten off scot free. The fact that DeepSeek then open sourced the results is even better. The whole lot of these AI barons really deserve to get taken down a peg and DeepSeek didn't stop there, they took them down a whole bunch of pegs. Just watching Sam Altman whine about his data being stolen was priceless.
Yeah the rest plagiarized from the world and then charge the world subscription.
The DeepSeek bunch allegedly plagiarized the plagiarized data from OpenAI etc but they opensourced the stuff.
So I find it kinda hard to get mad about DeepSeek's alleged copying. It looks like my stuff on the Internet is going to be plagiarized anyway, so it's better if it's open-sourced than being used to get subscriptions to make some billionaires richer.
Lots of people like to claim the plagiarizing AIs are justdoing what humans do. But no, most humans do not download other people's content then distribute parts of that content (especially to subscribers). That distribution part is when it becomes copyright infringement.
I see DeepSeek using Open AI's data which Open AI stole from everybody on the internet a some well deserved justice for a bunch of robber barons who otherwise would have gotten off scot free. The fact that DeepSeek then open sourced the results is even better. The whole lot of these AI barons really deserve to get taken down a peg and DeepSeek didn't stop there, they took them down a whole bunch of pegs. Just watching Sam Altman whine about his data being stolen was priceless.
40 isn't that high.  Especially for tech.
Utility companies and other ""value"" stocks tend to trade at 8-12.Non tech companies that produce some normal product typically trade around 18-20.A tech company that has the potential to change the world trading at only 40 is actually pretty cheap.  If they hit it then 40 will shrink to nothing as they pull in a few zillion bucks.
""and second, the performance of their models is comparable to leading competitors""
Deepseek isn't bad and obviously does well on benchmarks but at least for my small test [python wumpus world type problem] it didn't get anywhere near as far as O1 [both failed to solve].
The Chiense government will continue to subsidise, under cutting competition.
Undercutting everyone is going to remove profit from the entire industry, slowing down funding for others to advance.
Did the Pope practise Catholicism.
There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead.
Bluesky Grows to 30 Million Users. Threads Adds 20 Million More Just in January
Police Use of AI Facial Recognition Results In Murder Case Being Tossed
""Ada is PL/I trying to be Smalltalk.
-- Codoso diBlini"
2,2025-02-01,
3,2025-02-01,
4,2025-02-01,"Business Insider Edition 
In the tech industry, the tides can turn quickly, especially when it comes to AI.

        Last week, OpenAI was the industry leader, developing what many saw as the most advanced AI models on the market, which led to a skyrocketing valuation.
    

        This week, its standing was in question as Silicon Valley eyeda more cost-effective competitor: DeepSeek.
    

        The Chinese company recently released a challenger to OpenAI's o1 reasoning model called R1. Users who've tested both said R1 rivals the capabilities of o1 and comes at a substantially cheaper cost.
    

        The news shocked markets on Monday, leading to a stock sell-off that wiped almost $1 trillion in market cap. AI insiders said the frenzy is warranted: DeepSeek's methods are a game changer for the industry.
    

        CEOs of startup companies facilitating the AI boom by supplying hardware, security services, and building agents told Business Insider that DeepSeek's success creates more opportunities for smaller companies to flourish.
    

        Roi Ginat, the cofounder and CEO of EndlessAI, which develops the video AI assistant Lloyd, said DeepSeek's success could widen the pool of who can develop AI technology — and who can access it.
    

        ""DeepSeek's success represents a democratization of AI development, where smaller teams with limited resources can meaningfully compete with well-funded tech giants,"" Ginat wrote by email. ""This has catalyzed a wave of innovation from startups and research labs previously considered peripheral to the field.""
    

        While OpenAI might not lose its standing in the industry, Ginat said its role could change. ""The industry is witnessing a fascinating tension between two competing visions. One focuses on pursuing artificial general intelligence (AGI) through increasingly powerful and comprehensive models. The other emphasizes practical applications through efficient models and methods targeted at specific use cases and benchmarks,"" he said, comparing OpenAI and DeepSeek. ""This tension drives innovation in both directions, and also exists within the big companies.""
    

        Pukar Hamal, the CEO of SecurityPal, which helps companies like OpenAI complete security questionnaires,said the industry should temper expectations of immediate change.
    

        ""If the DeepSeek team truly can cut training and inference costs by an order of magnitude, it could spark far broader deployment of AI than analysts anticipate,"" Hamal, told Business Insider. ""On the flip side, it'll take more than a few tough earnings calls to make the biggest AI players reconsider the staggering GPU investments we're seeing for 2025.""
    

Meta recently committed $60 billion to AI infrastructure investments. President Donald Trump also announced Stargate last month, a joint venture between OpenAI, Oracle, and SoftBank that will invest $500 billion into AI infrastructure across the country.
    

        One of the biggest debates among AI innovators is whether open-source models, which the public can access and modify, are more likely to drive breakthroughs than closed-source models. OpenAI says it keeps its models closed for safety, while DeepSeek's models are open-source.
    

        Satya Nitta, the cofounder and CEO of Emergence AI, a company developing AI agents, said that ""DeepSeek R1 is a meaningful advance in broadening access to AI reasoning, spotlighting the power of open source and setting a new benchmark for reasoning.""
    

        Hamal said we should still approach open-source development cautiously — even if it'll eventually dominate the industry.
    

        ""An 'open source' model of unknown alignment invites serious public safety and regulatory questions. If DeepSeek's mobile app keeps climbing the charts, we could end up with a discussion similar to the recent calls to block TikTok in the US,"" he said. White House advisor David Sacks also raised concerns about DeepSeek's training methods when he told Fox News that it is 'possible' DeepSeek used OpenAI's models to train its own AI model.
    

        Still, ""openness typically wins in the long run,"" Hamal said. ""If DeepSeek helps reset an increasingly closed foundational model market, that can be a net positive — so long as we maintain the guardrails that protect customers and the public at large.""
    

        If there's one lesson AI executives are taking away from this week, though, it's that it's possible to do more with fewer resources.
    

        Matthew Putman, CEO of Nanotronics, which designs AI-controlled factories, said, ""To me, the competition itself is less significant than the validation of a broader principle: AI models can be built more affordably and applied far beyond large language models.""
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
5,2025-02-01,"Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey has urged Sir Keir Starmer to begin talks on a new UK-EU customs union when he meets European leaders in Brussels on Monday.
Sir Ed told the BBC the move could grow the economy ""far more quickly"" than projects recently suggested by Chancellor Rachel Reeves.
He added that joining another bloc, the Pan-Euro-Mediterranean (PEM) convention, could be a ""good first step"" towards a new customs agreement.
Labour has left open the possibility of joining PEM, but has ruled out rejoining the EU's customs union, which the UK left in 2021.
Conservative shadow minister Andrew Griffith accused Sir Ed of wanting to ""take us back to the past"".
PEM allows tariff-free trade of some goods from across dozens of countries in Europe, North Africa and the Middle East.
The Lib Dems say the UK should join it as a first step to rejoining the UK-EU customs union, which allows tariff-free movement of goods between EU member states - but prevents members striking their own trade deals. 
The party's ultimate aim is for the UK to rejoin the European Union - but it has only started campaigning on the issue since the general election.
Downing Street says Sir Keir's meeting with EU leaders on Monday - the first time a British prime minister has been invited to such a gathering since the UK left the EU in 2020 - is focused on defence and security cooperation. 
The prime minister hosted German Chancellor Olaf Scholz at Chequers, his official country retreat in Buckinghamshire, on Sunday, and said he hoped the EU had seen a ""manifest difference"" in the government's approach since Labour took power in July.
Sir Keir told reporters that he wanted to see closer ties on defence and energy, as well as on trade and economic issues.
Sir Ed told BBC's Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg that opening talks on a new EU customs union could ""turbo-charge"" relations with the 27-country bloc.
He added that his party believed such a deal could be in place by 2030 ""at the latest"".
He has also written to Reeves asking her to commission the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) to explore the potential impact a new customs deal with the EU could have on the UK economy.
The forecasts then should be made public as part of the OBR's forecasts, due to be published alongside the Spring Statement on 26 March, he suggested.
Earlier this month, the EU's new trade chief Maros Sefcovic told the BBC he was open to Britain joining PEM as part of a post-Brexit ""reset"".
On the possibility of the UK joining the arrangement, the prime minister's official spokesman has previously told reporters: ""We've always said that we want to look at ways to reduce barriers to trade whilst remaining within our clear red lines.
""The arrangement that's being discussed is not a customs union.
""Our red line has always been that we will never join our customs union, never re-join the single market, no freedom of movement, but we're just not going to get ahead of those discussions.""
Tory leader Kemi Badenoch accused the government of ""trying to reopen the divisions of the past and edge us back into the EU"", after having ""opposed us every step of the way"" while the previous Conservative government brought the UK out of the EU.
Speaking to Laura Kuenssberg, shadow trade secretary Andrew Griffith said his party wanted to see good trade relations with the EU, but that the ""much greater opportunity right now"" was with striking a deal with the US.
He urged the government to ditch its deal to cede sovereignty of the Chagos Islands to Mauritius and ""apologise a little bit"" for previous comments about Trump made by Labour ministers to improve US trade prospects.
This could also help the UK avoid tariffs imposed by the US on some of its other trading partners, he suggested. 
Foreign Secretary David Lammy described Trump as a ""tyrant"" and ""a woman-hating, neo-Nazi-sympathising sociopath"" in 2018, but has called these criticisms ""old news"" since entering government. 
Sign up for our Politics Essential newsletter to read top political analysis, gain insight from across the UK and stay up to speed with the big moments. It'll be delivered straight to your inbox every weekday.
Post-Brexit checks are undermining efforts to keep out potentially disease-ridden meat, official says.
US President Donald Trump threatens EU with trade taxes but hints he could reach a deal with the UK. 
The trip is part of what the PM calls a ""reset"" between the UK and the European Union.
The singer's European tour limits her time at home in Portugal due to the new visa rules.
But the PM wants to ""make Brexit work better for the British people"", Downing Street says.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
6,2025-02-01,"
This article is part of Gizmodo Deals, produced separately from the editorial team.
      We may earn a commission when you buy through links on the site.
    
Private Internet Access is one of the top VPNs on the market. Its time-limited deal took us by surprise, as the 2-year plan became 82% cheaper, with 2 free months, and only $2.19/mo.
While PIA was never too expensive, you can’t say it’s been this affordable! Private Internet Access houses ample features, impenetrable security, top-tier privacy, excellent speeds, and more! All of this can be yours at merely two bucks a month.
Interested in more information? Don’t skip the next part.
Save 82% on PIA Today
This PIA VPN discount is the best you can find right now. By using the buttons in the article, you can right away go to its website and claim the deal. But be careful; it’s time-limited, so it won’t last a lifetime.
Once you’re on the site, you’ll see these three shiny plans:
The shiniest in the middle is the one you want. Click Get Started Now, pay for the plan, and follow the steps to create an account. Once you’re done, install PIA VPN on all devices and enjoy an award-winning VPN experience.
Private Internet Access will include pCloud (500 GB of storage for a year) to provide additional file protection. Moreover, you can add optional extras such as an antivirus (68% off) or a dedicated IP (50%) before your purchase.
We should also mention a 30-day money-back guarantee. It covers all PIA VPN plans, allowing for a full refund if you find the VPN underwhelming. There’s virtually no risk to this purchase.
Plus, you’ll pay only $56.94 for the first 26 months, which is unbelievably inexpensive for this VPN giant.
Private Internet Access doesn’t limit your simultaneous connections.
You can protect unlimited devices at the said price. Let’s not forget its other amazing features, such as ~30,000 servers, WireGuard, Multi-hop, and even MACE, which consequently blocks ads and trackers.
The VPN is a masterclass in privacy. It offers a no-logging policy proven a few times in court. Furthermore, the provider has been audited by Deloitte, mastering the art of trustworthiness. PIA is a known all-arounder.
The VPN is famous for streaming prowess, P2P support, and even apps for Smart TVs that add to its value. You’ll enjoy its essential features, such as an automatic kill switch, split tunneling, and IPv6 leak protection as well.
Most importantly, PIA VPN supports all your devices.
Subscribe to it using this discount, equip all of them, and don’t let snoopers and data brokers steal your privacy. It’s invaluable!
Try PIA VPN Risk-Free for 30 Days

          Get the best tech, science, and culture news in your inbox daily.
        

          News from the future, delivered to your present.
        

      Please select your desired newsletters and submit your email to upgrade your inbox.
    

Best of CES 2025 Awards â
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2025 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
7,2025-02-01,"
This article is part of Gizmodo Deals, produced separately from the editorial team.
      We may earn a commission when you buy through links on the site.
    
Samsung has just launched its 2025 smartphone lineup, the Galaxy S25 Series, with the Galaxy S25 Ultra leading the pack. These new flagship devices are ready to challenge the iPhone 16 Pro models both on hardware and software. The current pre-order phase offers such incredible deals that you really won’t want to miss this opportunity to upgrade.
The pre-order phase runs until February 6 (which is next Friday) with the first deliveries scheduled for February 7, exclusively on Samsung’s official website. What makes this launch unique are the unprecedented deals that can literally bring the Galaxy S25 Ultra’s price down to almost zero when leveraging all available advantages.
See Galaxy S25 Ultra at Samsung.com
Samsung is offering great storage deals on almost all models of the Galaxy S25 line-up: The S25 Ultra 512GB is priced at the 256GB model’s cost, while the 1TB version is available for $1,419 instead of $1,659 – essentially providing double the storage for the same price. This is very convincing given the enhanced ultra-wide-angle camera sensor on the Galaxy S25 Ultra which encourages more photo and video capture. You can get some generous discounts on the Galaxy S25 and S25+ as well, but not on all storage capacities.
See Galaxy S25 Ultra at Samsung.com
The trade-in program is probably the most exceptional opportunity for you: Depending on the model, you can receive between $500 and $900 off your purchase. For the Galaxy S25 Ultra 512GB, trading in an older smartphone like the Galaxy S24 Ultra can reduce the price from $1,299 to just… $399! You can do the same with a Galaxy S25 which goes down to $299 (from $799) if you trade-in an old smartphone. By combining immediate discounts and trade-in offers, you can save over $1,000 on Samsung’s top-tier Android smartphone.
Accessory discounts are equally impressive during this pre-order phase on Samsung’s official store: With the Galaxy S25+ and S25 Ultra, you can save up to $150 on many accessories. Standout deals include the Galaxy Buds3 Pro at an astonishing $19 (down from $249) and the Galaxy Watch Ultra available for $250 instead of $649. Basically, these discounts make you save even more on the smartphone itself! Such deals haven’t been seen during Black Friday in the past, this is very unique.
The Samsung store further sweetens the deal with additional perks you’ll find exclusively on that site: 1.5% cashback on all purchases, discounts on Samsung Care insurance, access to exclusive color options, and more. Popular color variants (like Titanium Jadegreen and Titanium Pinkgold for the Galaxy S25 Ultra 512GB and 1TB) already have extended delivery times stretching into March.
For Samsung fans (or if you’re just looking for the best Android phones out there), this pre-order phase offers a unique opportunity to buy a premium smartphone at an incredibly attractive price point. If you combine storage upgrades, trade-in values, accessory discounts, and additional perks, the Galaxy S25 Ultra is almost free. Keep in mind that if you’d buy the equivalent at Apple (iPhone 16 Pro 512GB), it would cost you $1,299!
There’s only a few days left until this pre-order phase ends, make sure you grab yours before it runs out of stock.
See Galaxy S25 Ultra at Samsung.com
See Galaxy S25 Series at Samsung.com

          Get the best tech, science, and culture news in your inbox daily.
        

          News from the future, delivered to your present.
        

      Please select your desired newsletters and submit your email to upgrade your inbox.
    

Best of CES 2025 Awards â
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2025 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
8,2025-02-01,"The Samsung Galaxy S25 and the Google Pixel 9 Pro are two of the best compact Android phones on the market, but which is the one for you?"
9,2025-02-01,"The world’s largest sovereign wealth fund is currently topping $1.7 trillion.
There are some strong contenders for the best financial decisions of all time: franchising a hamburger restaurant in the 1950s; shorting the housing market in 2007; and, despite this week’s slump, buying a bunch of Nvidia stock at its IPO.
Near the top of the list, though, is one made by Norway’s government. After declaring sovereignty over the Norwegian Continental Shelf back in 1963, Norway started drilling, and before long, they struck oil — lots of it. 
In 1990, the country established the Government Petroleum Fund, which would invest its newfound oil wealth into a range of assets to be drawn on for its citizens “when required”. After an initial investment of 1.98 billion Norwegian Krone (~$175 million), the fund’s value began to compound quickly, as returns from real estate, government bonds, and stocks stacked up.
Cut to today, and Norway’s sovereign wealth fund is the biggest in the world. It owns 1.5% of all listed stocks globally, making it the world’s largest single investor. Now, following a bumper year for big tech, the fund posted a record-breaking annual profit of ~$222 billion on Wednesday, with the fund’s value topping $1.78 trillion at the time of writing — the equivalent of ~$319,900 for each Norwegian citizen.
While equities make up more than two-thirds of the fund’s value, its operator, Norges Bank Investment Management (NBIM), has been driving more capital into renewable energy infrastructure in recent years.
Still, Norway’s big green push (the country is also set to become the first to fully transition to electric vehicles, with EVs accounting for 96% of new cars sold so far this year) being owed to literally trillions of petrodollars doesn’t come without a slick of irony.
The unfinished Seaport 1 is still slanting in the third-tallest skyline in the world.
The US now imports more than $10 billion in Mexican booze each year.
Almost 37 million visitors flocked to the East Asian nation."
10,2025-02-01,"This story incorporates reporting from  Orlando Sentinel, Business Insider, Retail Dive, Yahoo and YAHOO!Finance.Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc., the well-known American pharmacy chain, has decided to suspend its quarterly dividend, a move that aims to realign its financial strategy amidst ongoing economic challenges. The decision, announced in late January, marks a significant shift in the company’s approach to managing its financial resources. This step is part of a broader effort by Walgreens to restructure and position itself for a more sustainable future.
The suspension is attributed to the company’s desire to conserve cash and redirect resources to its turnaround strategy. Walgreens, like many retail and pharmaceutical companies, faces pressures from rising operational costs and changing consumer behaviors. By halting its steady dividend, the company is prioritizing financial flexibility in a highly competitive environment. 
Walgreens’ decision is expected to provide the company with necessary liquidity to drive strategic investments and innovations. Analysts note that this move could enable Walgreens to focus efforts on critical areas such as technological advancements, expansion of healthcare services, and operational efficiencies. Such initiatives are deemed essential for maintaining competitiveness and catering to evolving market demands.
The suspension of the dividend may come as a disappointment to shareholders who have long relied on this steady payout. However, some experts assert that the halt should not have been unexpected given Walgreens’ current financial landscape. The company has faced significant financial challenges in recent quarters, resulting in decreased margins and pressured earnings. 
Despite the halted dividend, Walgreens continues to emphasize its commitment to creating long-term value for its stakeholders. Company leadership points to ongoing cost-cutting measures and strategic realignments as vital components in their plan for a successful turnaround. Furthermore, the organization is focused on strengthening its core business operations, thereby enhancing customer experiences and improving service delivery.
The market reaction to Walgreens’ announcement has been noticeable, with a decline in the company’s stock price reflecting investor concerns over the dividend suspension. As stakeholders digest the implications of this strategic shift, focus remains on the company’s ability to execute its turnaround plans effectively. The suspension underscores the critical nature of reevaluating dividend policies amidst broader efforts to stabilize and grow the business.
As the financial strategy unfolds, Walgreens’ path forward involves delicate balancing of fiscal responsibility with the aspiration to innovate and adapt to a dynamic market landscape. This decision, while a significant pivot, could potentially lay the groundwork for future growth if managed successfully. Walgreens aims to demonstrate that the allocation of cash flow towards growth and strategic priorities can ultimately provide enduring benefits for the company and its investors.
 Quartz Intelligence Newsroom uses generative artificial intelligence to report on business trends. This is the first phase of an experimental new version of reporting. While we strive for accuracy and timeliness, due to the experimental nature of this technology we cannot guarantee that we’ll always be successful in that regard. If you see errors in this article, please let us know at qi@qz.com.
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
11,2025-02-01,"President Donald Trump has vowed to lower oil prices and unleash a fossil fuel frenzy during his second term, but he likely has very little room to bring crude prices down further. 
That's because America's top oil producers may not be willing to scale production as much as the president would like — something that could challenge Trump's plan to spark an oil-drilling boom.
The main culprit standing in Trump's way of his ""drill, baby drill"" agenda may be the US oil industry itself, which has boomed in recent years and pushed crude production to historic levels. 
According to the US Energy Information Administration, the US pumped out an average of 13.4 million barrels of oil a day in 2024, setting a fresh record for the third straight year in a row. Oil prices, meanwhile, have posted slight declines, with Brent crude, the international benchmark, declining 4% in the last year.
While this has turned the US into an energy powerhouse, it's left energy giants feeling reluctant to keep pumping ever more oil into the market as they feel the pressure from sagging oil prices
ExxonMobil, and Chevron, the two largest US oil firms, both reported earnings on Friday, with their CEOs sounding cautious on the outlook for the industry in the coming year. 
""As crude prices come down, we expect the industry revenues to go down and profits to go down,"" ExxonMobile CEO Darren Woods told CNBC Friday morning.
Chevron missed earnings expectations slightly despite scaling its worldwide and US production to new records in 2024. Its annual profit of $17.7 billion marked a 17% decline from 2023. CEO Mike Wirth noted that the company would still be focusing on capital discipline in the coming year. 
""In a capital-intensive industry, capital discipline always matters,"" Chevron CEO Mike Wirth said, speaking to CNBC on Friday.
Oil producers broadly have signaled they aren't looking to ramp up investment in the near future. According to a survey by the Dallas Fed, 43% of oil and gas executives said they planned to decrease or keep their capital expenditures at the same level in 2025.
Meanwhile, 71% of executives said oil production had remained the same or decreased over the fourth quarter compared to the prior quarter, the survey found.
The sentiment could complicate Trump's plan to vastly expand drilling. On the campaign trail, the president promised to slash energy prices in half and signed an executive order on his first day in office declaring a ""national energy emergency.""
""Despite the 'energy emergency' claims, the US is producing energy in record quantities,"" JPMorgan Asset Management wrote in a note this week. ""It is unlikely that energy companies will want to significantly ramp up supply, resulting in a decrease in oil and gas prices and impacting profitability.""
Though Trump's words are likely encouraging for US oil and gas execs, they also overlook the already delicate supply and demand situation facing the global oil market, energy experts said. 
""While executives may be encouraged by the supportive rhetoric, they are less likely than ever to boost budgets towards more drilling, especially as a potential oversupply of oil looms over the market and well productivity stagnates,"" Matthew Bernstein, a senior shale research analyst at Rystad Energy, wrote in a note last year. ""For now, 'Shale 4.0' investor priorities are expected to outweigh 'Trump 2.0' policy considerations in US producer boardrooms.""
Anas Alhajji, managing partner at Energy Outlook Advisors, also thinks that higher interest rates in the economy will influence oil producers' decision not to expand their production in 2025. Borrowing costs were low when Trump first took office, but the effective interest rate today is more than 300 basis points higher than it was at the start of 2017. .
The decline rate — the rate at which oil production declines from a well over time — is also rising in many of the US's shale fields, Alhajji said, speaking to CNBC International Live last week.
""They need to replace millions of barrels every year. So most of the investment will go to the declines in the field, so they cannot increase production,"" Alhajji said, adding he believed there was ""no way"" Trump would significantly increase shale production in the US.
Analysts generally expect oil prices to remain stable over the next year. On Thursday, Goldman Sachs said it anticipates Brent crude prices to average around $78 a barrel in 2025, implying around 1% upside from current levels.
Indices
Commodities
Currencies
Stocks"
12,2025-02-01,"A new AI model from China rattled US markets this past week.
DeepSeek represented a breakthrough for the AI industry, delivering results on par with OpenAI's best model while using significantly less computing power.
The implications have been substantial. Nvidia stock shed nearly $600 billion in market value in a single day as investors worried about future demand for its GPU chips, which are the main fuel source for large language models.
Suppose large language models from OpenAI, Anthropic, and Meta adopt some of the techniques utilized by the open-sourced DeepSeek and become more efficient. Will they need as much computing power as initially thought?
On the flip side, AI adopters, particularly software companies, surged on the prospect that the cost of AI technologies would decrease significantly, leading to higher profit margins.
But there are even broader lessons investors can take from this week's black swan event, and they impact everything from bonds to stocks and even crypto.
The concentration of a handful of mega-cap tech companies dominating the stock market has crept up to historic levels over the past few years.
According to Goldman Sachs data, the top five stocks in the S&P 500 made up about 29% of the index as of December 31, and they're all highly exposed to similar technology trends.
""Concentration in several large names is a concern when the drivers of success are the same for most of the names,"" Chris Fasciano, chief market strategist at Commonwealth Financial Network, told Business Insider.
Concentration is a double-edged sword. It can work great in bull markets, but a simple disruption to investors' overarching narrative could lead to a painful decline, as seen on Monday, when the index tracking mega-cap tech stocks plunged 3%, compared to a slight gain for the equal-weighted S&P 500.
The concentration speaks to the idea that investors may not be as diversified as they believe.
""This is an underappreciated consideration,"" Steve Sosnick, chief strategist at Interactive Brokers, told BI.
""It is common — and understandable — for investors to believe that they are adequately diversified when they buy an S&P 500-linked fund,"" Sosnick said, but that's not the case based on the extreme concentration levels.
""Those seeking true diversification need to look beyond SPX,"" Sosnick said, adding that the Nasdaq is not the answer, with a handful of stocks making up about half of that index.
Nvidia has dominated the AI story since ChatGPT was released in November 2022, as it turned into the key ""picks and shovels"" supplier to companies developing their own large language models.
But Monday's price action revealed that there are second-derivative beneficiaries to the AI trade, which includes the adopters of AI technologies like software companies.
If DeepSeek's claims of using less computing power are accurate, that means costs should come down considerably for AI adopters, pushing profit margins higher.
Among the software winners amid Monday's bloodbath was Salesforce, which gained as much as 10% while the market swooned.
""If DeepSeek has truly shown us that an open-source solution is far less resource-dependent than the ChatGPT paradigm, then the benefits of AI might be easier to reap from companies unwilling or unable to afford to partner up with one of the current firms that currently dominate the arena,"" Sosnick said.
Crypto volatility was on full display this week, even though DeepSeek's appeared to mainly impact tech firms.
Bitcoin dropped as much as 7%, in tandem with the sharp decline with the Nasdaq 100.
The sell-off highlights that cryptocurrencies are highly correlated to moves in the broader tech space, and absent any crypto-specific catalysts, bitcoin is a high-octane bet on tech's continued outperformance of
""Safe havens don't have an average daily volatility of 2%,"" Sosnick said. ""Over the past 6 months, the correlation of the price levels of bitcoin and NDX is about 80%.""
Apple stock bucked the DeepSeek sell-off, rising about 8% in the week as investors determined that the company's decision not to spend tens of billions of dollars on building its own large language model was a good one.
Instead, Apple is focused on leveraging ChatGPT's AI model and using edge computing to deliver quick answers to iPhone users. That edge computing is key, as it could become even more ubiquitous if AI models see a decline in their compute consumption thanks to the breakthroughs identified by DeepSeek.
And a decline in compute consumption ultimately means a decline in costs, which could fuel even more stock buybacks and dividends for the company.
""Cheap AI means a lot more capital to return to shareholders, either in the form of dividends or stock buybacks. Every US Big Tech company except Amazon already has both in place. Now they can get much, much bigger,"" Nicholas Colas, co-founder of DataTrek Research, said in a note this week.
If DeepSeek's open-source model delivers the expected cost savings to other large language models, it could ultimately mean higher efficiency and lower costs.
According to tech CEOs, like Microsoft's Satya Nadella, cheap AI models should further accelerate the adoption of AI across various industries and lead to a surge in productivity.
If that happens, economic growth could continue without sparking a rebound in inflation, which would put interest rates back on a downward trend.
""If DeepSeek's processes show that the AI revolution can be achieved at a lower cost and with lower energy usage, that would be good for macro conditions (such as productivity and inflation) going forward,"" LPL chief strategist Jeff Buchbinder wrote this week. ""In theory, this would help reduce the Fed's neutral rate a touch and keep interest rates lower than they otherwise would be if big AI spending continued unabated.""
Lower interest rates mean higher bond prices, sparking a potential rally in an asset class that was hurt by the Fed's rate hikes in 2022 and 2023.
""More egalitarian AI can and should boost productivity throughout the economy and thus have benefits for price levels and interest rates,"" Sosnick said, though he cautioned that such an outcome is ""not going to happen immediately.""
Indices
Commodities
Currencies
Stocks"
13,2025-02-01,"If this keeps Silicon Valley on its toes and honest, who are we to complain?
Kettle There's really only one topic for the Kettle this week. DeepSeek.…"
14,2025-02-01,"2 / 11
2025 will see the greatest surge of Americans turning 65, with an average of more than 11,000 people reaching the milestone every day.
For a large share of those Americans, retirement is on the mind. And where they choose to retire could have a big impact on their future happiness and peace of mind. 
Read More
3 / 11
Nvidia (NVDA) stock plunged 16% Monday afternoon after  Chinese artificial intelligence startup DeepSeek’s latest model raised questions about American competitiveness in the AI space. 
Read More
4 / 11
The tech-heavy Nasdaq slipped 3% Monday afternoon as a perceived threat from Chinese artificial intelligence startup DeepSeek prompted a global sell-off of tech stocks. 
Read More
5 / 11
The Nasdaq and other major indexes rebounded on Tuesday, recovering from the sharp sell-off triggered by DeepSeek’s crash, which had sent AI stocks tumbling. Nvidia, which plunged over 16% on Monday, regained more than 7% in the rebound. 
Read More
6 / 11
Bitcoin briefly dipped below $100,000 early Monday as a global technology stock sell-off rattled markets to start the week.
The largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization was down 3.51% as of Monday morning, bringing its price to $101,295 apiece. That was a recovery from a low of about $97,900 earlier in the day. 
Read More
7 / 11
Trump Media & Technology Group (DJT) (DJT) shares surged over 7% Wednesday morning after announcing plans to expand into financial services, including potential investments in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. 
Read More
8 / 11
Federal Reserve policymakers voted Wednesday to hold interest rates steady in its first rate decision of the year.
Following its Jan. 28-29 meeting, the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) decided to keep the benchmark federal funds rate at 4.25%-4.50%. The widely expected move marks the first time since last September that the central bank hasn’t lowered rates, as the fight to wrangle inflation to its 2% target continues.
Read More
9 / 11
Viraj Patel of Fiduciary Trust International breaks down Monday’s AI stock selloff on news of a Chinese artificial intelligence competitor
10 / 11
Bitcoin significantly boosted last week as President Donald Trump returned to the White House. Despite some market turbulence, overall sentiment among crypto enthusiasts remains largely bullish. As investors closely monitor political developments and their potential effects on digital assets, the performance of the crypto market is important to watch this week. Let’s take a look.
Read More
11 / 11"
15,2025-02-01,"Business Insider Edition 
Millionaires are like the rest of us — for the most part.

        Global real estate brokerage Sotheby's International Realty found that luxury homebuyers want to live where their money stretches further, and they're willing to move to new cities or even other countries to make it happen. They're also prioritizing move-in-ready homes with wellness-oriented amenities, brand names, and environmentally conscious features.
    

        ""We're seeing that emerging affluents are increasingly driven by the lifestyle they aspire to, often prioritizing their personal interests and values when choosing a home,"" Philip White, president and CEO of Sotheby's International Realty, said in the brokerage's annual luxury real estate trend forecast.
    

        Here are four priorities for luxury homebuyers in 2025, according to Sotheby's.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
16,2025-02-01,"Here’s what shop owners and sommeliers across the country recommend.
At Monsoon Market, a natural wine and snack shop in Phoenix, you might grab a bottle of chardonnay, only to do a double take. Sparkling and non-alcoholic? Made from 100% Spanish grapes, it’s crafted just like any traditional chardonnay until the final step, when the alcohol is removed.
This process, called dealcoholization, is part of a growing trend as more people seek out  NA alternatives to wine, beer, and liquor. It’s become so popular that bottle shops dedicated to these drinks are popping up across the country, offering everything from functional beverages to NA aperitifs.
It's no surprise, considering Americans are buying and drinking less wine overall. Even with a pandemic-era boost, wine sales have steadily declined year over year, with millennials leading the charge.
On the other hand, Dry January, and its more flexible cousin, Damp January, are gaining steam. Last year, a quarter of Americans participated in the sober challenge, a major jump from previous years. Add to that the U.S. Surgeon General’s recent alcohol advisory, and it’s clear why more people are rethinking their drink choices.
That said, NA wines have gotten a bad rap, so we asked the experts—bottle shop owners and sommeliers across the country—for their go-to picks of 2025. Gone are the days of grape juice and syrupy-sweet “alternatives.” These pro-approved bottles deliver flavors that rival your favorite classics—from still to sparkling, red to rosé.
“This Napa Valley red blend is approachable, super satisfying, and well priced for anyone new to the category looking for an everyday red. The 70% Pinot Noir and 30% Zinfandel blend is finished in both French and American oak barrels, resulting in bold black cherry notes with subtle notes of baking spices and smoke, plus a decadent lingering finish.”—Brianda Gonzalez, Founder & CEO, The New Bar
“This has been my go-to white for a few months now, and it's one of those bottles that people taste and immediately buy. It's got a beautiful bright, fresh acidity, delicate honeydew melon and pear notes, and a creamy texture for a nuanced and delicious wine. I bring this to most gatherings and love to sip on a cold glass while I cook.”—Brianda Gonzalez, Founder & CEO, The New Bar
“[This is one] of our top sellers. Also, fun fact, this Best-Selling Wine Bundle is our No. 2 selling SKU so far for Dry Jan. Everyone is looking for a great, non-alcoholic red wine, so it's a big category for us."" —Sean Goldsmith, Co-Founder and CEO, The Zero Proof
“There are so many good, NA sparkling wines—most NA brands launched with sparkling wines—which continue to be very popular and delicious.” —Sean Goldsmith, Co-Founder and CEO, The Zero Proof
Sean also recommends this Leitz Pinot Noir, a German non-alcoholic red that's perfect for those who love a light, fruit-forward wine with bright cherry and earthy notes.
“[This] is my No. 1 pick of NA wine right now: Society De La Rassi allows my non-alcoholic customers to feel a sense of celebration and sophistication with this top shelf sparkling chardonnay. I make it a point to have a variety of price points for NA wine at the shop and Society De La Rossi is on the higher end but I can be 100% confident when I suggest it to a customer.” —Nikki Hayes, Founder & CEO, Stella's Fine Market
“Still wines are notoriously difficult to replicate, but Tomorrow Cellars nails it with their Rhone Blanc. I love the honeysuckle and citrus notes. It pairs so well with simple chicken and salmon dishes.” —Victoria Watters,
Co-Founder, Dry Atlas
“I love a sparkling rosé and have tried dozens of non-alc variants. This one currently tops my list: dry, complex, and with a hint of blackcurrant—my favorite note. Bolle uses a unique, patent-pending double fermentation process that makes all the difference.” —Victoria Watters, Co-Founder, Dry Atlas
“Expensive, but worth it! There are only a handful of still red non-alc wines I love, and this one from Austria is my favorite. It’s complex and robust—and almost indistinguishable from alcoholic wine on the nose. Great for pairing with hearty dishes on special occasions.” —Victoria Watters, Co-Founder, Dry Atlas
“We have Joyus (still rose and red), No & Low sparkling chardonnay, and Töst, all delightful options. We love the No & Low non-alc sparkling chardonnay, it's a perfect NA bottle for any occasion, celebration or gift! It's something we always try to keep in stock at Monsoon Market, grab a bottle off the shelf or ask us to find you a chilled one in the fridge if you're on your way to the party!” —Koral Casillas & Michela Ricci, Co-owners, Monsoon Market
For still options, Koral and Michela recommend the red and rosé from Jøyus. They’re also big fans of anything from TÖST, another crisp and delightful choice.
“Cab lovers will enjoy well-balanced tannins and notes of vanilla. We love that Jøyus is woman-owned!"" —Andrea Simpson & Kristin Patrick, Co-founders, Orangily
Andrea and Kristin also love Sovi’s Wild Child Sparkling Orange Wine. While their Chenin Blanc is bright and fresh, this pick leans more bold and citrusy.
Elizabeth Gascoigne, founder and CEO of the non-alcoholic bottle shop Absence of Proof, recommends anything from Buzzkill Wines, known for their still and sparkling canned options. For a similar vibe, she’s also a fan of Surley’s offerings.

See what other Food52 readers are saying.
Our best tips for eating thoughtfully and living joyfully, right in your inbox."
17,2025-02-01,"A round-up of the biggest Tech-related news that stood out this week.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.


News Weekly is our column where we highlight and summarize some of the week's top stories so you can catch up on the latest tech news.
This is Android Central's News Weekly, your go-to source for a concise roundup of the week's most significant tech stories. This is where we delve into the top headlines that provide the latest developments and innovations contributing to the digital landscape.
This week we get into the nitty-gritty of the new AI on the block Deep Seek, Garmin watch owners had a rough few days, Samsung and the S Pen saga, Meta announced its earnings, and Pebble watches made a comeback. Let's get into it.

Read more here.
DeepSeek is what's been on most people's minds this past week as a Chinese AI model has decided to go head-to-head with its U.S.-rival AI companies. So what exactly is this?
DeepSeek is an open-source AI ChatBot based on Meta's free and open-source Llama 3.3, trained by the DeepSeek team. But what's fueling the hype is that the company claims they developed this LLM at an exponentially lower price than most other LLMs we know of today. By comparison, OpenAI charges $200 a month for ChatGPT Pro, while DeepSeek R1 gives you the same skills as the LLM for free.
While understanding how this large language model is gaining its skills, AI analyst Alexander Doria confirmed in a recent X post the chip powering the DeepSeek R1 model, stating that DeepSeek’s R1 large-language model (LLM) was first trained using NVIDIA's H100, but now it fully functions on Huawei’s Ascend 910C chip to generate responses.
DeepSeek seems to be shifting the norm by making well-developed AI accessible to everyone for free and being independent of U.S-based chip companies putting them at risk. For the first time, NVIDIA took a massive hit on Monday, losing $593 billion in market value as their stocks tanked.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
It remains to be seen how this AI model will take on the big players in the business and whether it will be able to keep up its hype.

Read more here.
Garmin watch users had a rough 2-day period dealing with their wearables, as most of them were in a frozen state.
Several users globally were impacted by a Garmin GPS-related outage that made these wearables practically useless and stuck on the boot screen or displaying a blue triangle. Several Forerunner models (265, 965, 255, and 955), the Garmin Venu 2 and 3, the Garmin Fenix 7, and the Epix Pro Gen 2, and more faced this issue.
Initially, Connect Garmin's Status website indicated that Activity Uploads are down, with the warning ""We are aware of an issue causing some devices to be stuck on the start-up screen or a blue triangle.""

The company also issued a temporary fix to those affected, asking them to hard reset their devices. DC Rainmaker reported that the issue stems from a bad ""satellite pre-cache file"" that was putting these watches in a bootloop.
The recommendation is still to hold down your watch's Light or Power button for up to 30 seconds to turn it off, then turn it back on and see if the problem is resolved. After two days of experimenting with a fix, Garmin said, ""We have resolved the underlying issue causing some devices to be stuck on the startup screen or a blue triangle"" on a banner located on its Garmin Support page.
And if you ""Press and hold the power/light button on the device until the watch shuts off,"" turn it back on, then sync it with your Connect app or plug it into your computer's Garmin Express app, it should solve your watch's issue and replace the malicious file that caused this issue.

Read more here.
Earlier this week, Samsung had to do a bit of damage control on the S Pen situation. It all began when a Samsung blog and some Amazon listings suggested that a Bluetooth S Pen that is compatible with the Galaxy S25 Ultra could be bought separately.
The Galaxy S25 Ultra launched without a Bluetooth-enabled S Pen, built-in or sold separately. This is why, when a Samsung Business Insights blog suggested that Galaxy S25 Ultra owners could buy a Bluetooth S Pen separately, it came as a relief for some. Additionally, some Amazon listings for the official S25 Ultra S Pen in certain regions also mention Bluetooth support. Samsung's official listings didn't mention this; however, the situation quickly snowballed since the listing shows only the standard Galaxy S25 Ultra S Pen and the S Pen Pro.
Later, attempts to link the S Pen Pro to the S25 Ultra during a media briefing failed, and a Samsung exec eventually confirmed the two aren’t compatible.
Fast forward two days, Samsung had to remove all mentions of a Bluetooth-enabled S Pen from the blog post.

Read more here.
On Thursday (Jan. 30), Meta reported another record-breaking quarter for Q4 2024, showing a 21% uptick in revenue over the same quarter in 2023. Meta earned $48 billion in revenue during Q4 2024, and the company's full-year earnings totaled $164 billion, a 22% increase over 2023's $134 billion in overall revenue.
Meta attributed these massive numbers to ads revenue, bringing in a record-breaking $46.7 billion, while Meta's Reality Labs division also broke records with $1.08 billion in revenue. CEO Mark Zuckerberg said that ad revenue was up for two primary reasons: 3.35 billion people used Meta products and services in 2024, delivering more ad impressions, while the average price per ad simultaneously increased 14% YoY.
Looking into 2025, Meta will be launching ""a new, more personalized AI,"" and the company expects to reach 1 billion users by year's end. The company teased 2025 as the year ""we get back to the OG Facebook"" but didn't expand on that. Instagram, Reels, WhatsApp, and Threads also are expected to continue to grow throughout 2025.
Furthermore, Meta revealed that it plans to have billions of smart glasses on the market, which sounds like a hefty goal given the current growth trajectory of the market.

Read more here.
Pebble watches have been extinct, so to speak, since the past decade, and this week, PebbleOS's code was made open-source by Google. The Google Open Source Blog announced that it will be sharing the Github repository for the PebbleOS source code.
Although some ""proprietary source code"" was removed, anyone can take the remaining code and generate a new version of PebbleOS, with functionality like ""notifications, media controls, fitness tracking, and support for custom apps and watch faces"" available.
Now Pebble's former founder, Eric Migicovsky, has announced plans to bring back the brand, launching a new watch with ""the same specs and features as Pebble, though with some fun new stuff as well.""
Now that PebbleOS is officially open source, Migicovsky and his ""small team"" can work on bringing us a new and improved Pebble-like watch.
""Lessons were learned last time,"" Migicovsky admits in his blog post, referring to how he oversaw Pebble's popularity on Kickstarter and the rise and fall of the company — having to sell it to Fitbit.
Those are some of the biggest stories from this week. Meanwhile, here are some other stories that are worth catching up on:
Nandika Ravi is an Editor for Android Central. Based in Toronto, after rocking the news scene as a Multimedia Reporter and Editor at Rogers Sports and Media, she now brings her expertise into the Tech ecosystem. When not breaking tech news, you can catch her sipping coffee at cozy cafes, exploring new trails with her boxer dog, or leveling up in the gaming universe.
Android 16 may let users rebind physical app and system keyboard shortcuts
The old T-Mobile app is officially gone for good — time to download T-Life
Hey Motorola, there's a time and a place for ads. A severe weather warning is neither.

Androidcentral is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
18,2025-02-01,"Or try my new AI-powered search bot


								Type your email…							
 








 
Subscribe 

Have you thought about subscribing? It's free.
seths.blog/subscribe

Complaining is a cultural phenomenon, but it’s particularly prevalent in societies with a consumer culture (the customer is always right) and those where comfort is coming to be expected.
Given all the complaining we do (about the weather, leadership, products, service and various ailments), it’s worth taking a moment to think about why we complain.
The obvious one might not be the main one.
The obvious reason to complain is to make a change happen.
If that’s the goal, though, we ought to focus those complaints where they’ll do the most good, and be prepared to do the work to have an impact. Organize the others, take consistent and persistent action, and market the complaint in a format and with a focus that will lead to action.
Most of the time, though, I’m not sure that’s what we’re really after. 
Here are some others:
Not on the list, because it belies almost all of these: “Whining in the face of imperfection often ruins what you’ve already got.”
Whining is the evil cousin of complaining. Whining purports to exist to make things better, but it never does.
James Murphy of LCD Soundsystem said, “The best way to complain is to make things.”
And perhaps we can extend that to: “The best way to complain is to make things better.”

February 1, 2025
"
19,2025-02-01,
20,2025-02-01,"US President Donald Trump arrives at Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach Florida on ... [+] January 31, 2025, as he travels to the Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. (Photo by Jim WATSON / AFP) (Photo by JIM WATSON/AFP via Getty Images)
Much is going on with President Donald Trump’s second administration. Many people are delighted with its actions — including the start of tariffs on goods from Mexico and Canada slated to start tomorrow — and many are displeased
But forget about individual opinions for a moment. There is one collective response that will have significant consequences for the country and even the world. Not the stock market, although the S&P 500, Dow Jones Industrials, and Nasdaq all took hits on Friday. Not consumers, who will see higher prices — also known as higher inflation in the form of oil, pharmaceuticals, and computers chips as The Hill reported — as importers of products will likely pass on the threatened 25% duties.
The 8 million pound gorilla is the global bond market, which was valued in 2023 at $140.7 trillion, according to The Motley Fool.
As a number of publications have been quoting Democratic political operative James Carville from the 1990s, “I used to think that if there was reincarnation, I wanted to come back as the president or the pope or as a .400 baseball hitter. But now I would like to come back as the bond market. You can intimidate everybody.”
The weight of the bond market — and let’s focus on the U.S. government bond market for now — is that it’s more than investments. Governments use bonds to borrow but they don’t control the interest rates. Those are set by the market of investors, whether individuals or enormous corporations or investment funds. The resulting rates control how much government debt ultimately costs.
They also have significant influence on how much things like mortgages and auto loans cost. Lenders typically set their rates in two parts. One is called the risk-free rate, which is how much interest can be gained for investors safely. Typically, such rates are based on the yields, or prevailing interest rates, of the 10-year or 7-year Treasurys, as they’re the closest thing to safe rates. Lenders then add a risk premium based on what they think they additionally need to make lending money worthwhile.
Bond investors have been increasingly concerned about where the economy might be going. Trump’s economic plans about extending tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy as well as tariffs are broadly seen as actions that could increase inflation. That makes bond investors look ahead and consider that rising inflation would mean needing higher returns on their investments to stay ahead.
As yields of longer-term government bonds rise, two things happen. Regular government borrowing gets more expensive. There’s pressure from the bond market and also the government’s need to sell more bonds to raise the money they need. That is a greater supply, which pushes down prices and drives up bond rates, further increasing federal borrowing costs.
As the Wall Street Journal wrote recently, a 0.1 percentage point increase in Treasury borrowing costs adds $300 billion to interest expenses over a decade.
Also, if the rising yields mean higher interest rates, then a lot of business and consumer borrowing for basics will rise, pushing inflation even higher and creating a feedback loop that could make the Federal Reserve also increase rates.
Trump has said that he wants the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates, which given economic conditions is probably a poor strategy. However, given current conditions, it’s hard to see how that would happen without an overhaul of the independent central bank’s leadership.

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
21,2025-02-01,"Business Insider Edition 
Top fund manager David Giroux didn't earn his reputation by following the hottest stocks in the market.

        ""Being a little contrarian and very, very valuation sensitive,"" was Giroux's answer when Business Insider asked about his investing approach.
    

        By buying unloved areas of the market and not being afraid to let go of success stories once he thinks they're no longer fairly valued, Giroux has led the T. Rowe Price Capital Appreciation Fund (PRWCX) to beat its Morningstar Moderate Allocation peer group average performance for the last 17 years in a row — a record.
    

        T. Rowe Price compared Giroux's Capital Appreciation Fund to more than 3,000 US-domiciled funds in the Morningstar database going back to 1925 and found that no other fund has had a longer streak under the same portfolio manager. Morningstar independently verified the record.
    

        An investor who initially invested $100,000 in the Capital Appreciation Fund in 2008 would have seen their investment grow to $490,000 by the end of 2024. By comparison, the average return from the Morningstar US Fund Moderate Allocation category would have resulted in $253,000. That's 94% more than the category average.
    

        ""We don't own the market. We own four or five dozen stocks that we think are really, really attractive,"" Giroux, who is also the chief investment officer for T. Rowe Price Investment Management, said.
    

        ""We owned Costco not too long ago when it traded for 35 times earnings, and now we don't,"" he added. The wholesale retailer now trades at over 50 times earnings, a price that Giroux deems overvalued.
    

        As stock-market valuations and investor optimism remain relatively high, Giroux sees an opportunity to find hidden pockets of value.
    

        ""People are chasing stocks without regard to valuation, which is probably also a sign that there's a little bit of speculative success in the marketplace,"" he said.
    

        Below, Giroux shares two trades that he's betting on to steer his fund in the direction of another year of outperformance.
    

        With the stock market having performed so well over the past two years, it may be tempting to bet on a third year of stellar returns. However, Giroux cautions against using the past to predict what's next.
    

        ""The future is far more uncertain than we think it is, so if you're putting a high value on stocks because you think the future is going to be great, it usually does not work out that way,"" he said
    

        That said, Giroux is pulling back his equity allocation and adding more fixed income.
    

        ""We have the ability as a multi-asset strategy to adjust our equity weight and our fixed-income rate,"" he said. Giroux tends to hover in the ballpark of a 60/40 stock-to-bond portfolio. However, ""we're actually 300 to 400 basis points below what we think is normal equity exposure for us,"" he said.
    

        Giroux has increased the fund's exposure to Treasurys instead, citing their safety and liquidity. Treasurys also tend to rally in times of market volatility, making them an ideal candidate for portfolio protection. The yield on the US 10-year, which is up almost a full percentage point since September to 4.5%, also remains at one of its highest levels in the last 25 years. The fund currently has around a 15% allocation to five- and 10-year Treasurys.
    

        Although the market is expensive, Giroux sees overlooked pockets of opportunity if you look outside the big names, like Nvidia.
    

        ""I don't think the outlook for Nvidia over the next three to five years is nearly as good as it has actually been in the last couple of years,"" Giroux said.
    

        He expects increased competition in the chipmaking space could shrink Nvidia's market share. That's not to mention the recent tech selloff — including for Nvidia — in the wake of Chinese OpenAI competitor DeepSeek's debut.
    

        Giroux also isn't enthusiastic about financials, a sector of the market that Wall Street is betting will benefit greatly from President Donald Trump's deregulatory policies.
    

        ""When banks trade for 14- or 15-times earnings, that's kind of scary,"" Giroux said. The sector has historically traded at a more muted 10- to 12-times earnings.
    

        Instead, Giroux is turning toward undervalued areas of the market like software, healthcare, and utilities.
    

        Software, in particular, has been overlooked by investors for more flashy names in the tech space, according to Giroux, making valuations cheap. He sees many names in the space with the potential to grow revenues at a rate of 10% or higher, especially if they begin utilizing AI.
    

        One of Giroux's top software picks is the human capital management company Workday (WDAY). He believes the company will achieve mid-teens revenue growth in the next few years.
    

        ""This is a best-in-class software business with 98% gross retention, a market leader in their space, a lot of margin expansion in front of us, trading at the lowest valuation it's ever traded for in the past,"" Giroux said.
    

        Investors can get exposure to these areas of the market through funds like the iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF (IGV), the Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLV), and the Vanguard Utilities ETF (VPU).
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
22,2025-02-01,"WASHINGTON— President Donald Trump on Saturday signed an order to impose stiff tariffs on imports from Mexico, Canada and China, drawing swift retaliation and an undeniable sense of betrayal from the country's North American neighbors as a trade war erupted among the longtime allies.
The Republican president posted on social media that the tariffs were necessary “to protect Americans,"" pressing the three nations to do more to curb the manufacture and export of illicit fentanyl and for Canada and Mexico to reduce illegal immigration into the U.S.
The tariffs, if sustained, could cause inflation to significantly worsen, threatening the trust that many voters placed in Trump to lower the prices of groceries, gasoline, housing, autos and other goods as he promised. They also risked throwing the global economy and Trump’s political mandate into turmoil just two weeks into his second term.
Trump declared an economic emergency in order to place duties of 10% on all imports from China and 25% on imports from Mexico and Canada. Energy imported from Canada, including oil, natural gas and electricity, would be taxed at a 10% rate. Trump’s order includes a mechanism to escalate the rates charged by the U.S. against retaliation by the other countries, raising the specter of an even more severe economic disruption.
“The actions taken today by the White House split us apart instead of bringing us together,” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said in a somber tone as he announced that his country would put matching 25% tariffs on up to $155 billion in U.S. imports, including alcohol and fruit.
He channeled the betrayal that many Canadians are feeling, reminding Americans that Canadian troops fought alongside them in Afghanistan and helped respond to myriad crises from wildfires in California to Hurricane Katrina.
“We were always there standing with you, grieving with you, the American people,” he said.
Mexico’s president also ordered retaliatory tariffs.
""We categorically reject the White House’s slander that the Mexican government has alliances with criminal organizations, as well as any intention of meddling in our territory,” Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum wrote in a post on X while saying she had instructed her economy secretary to implement a response that includes retaliatory tariffs and other measures in defense of Mexico’s interests.
“If the United States government and its agencies wanted to address the serious fentanyl consumption in their country, they could fight the sale of drugs on the streets of their major cities, which they don’t do and the laundering of money that this illegal activity generates that has done so much harm to its population.”
The premier of the Canadian province of British Columbia, David Eby, specifically called on residents to stop buying liquor from U.S. “red” states and said it was removing American alcohol brands from government store shelves as a response to the tariffs.
China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the country's government “firmly deplores and opposes this move and will take necessary countermeasures to defend its legitimate rights and interests.”
China began regulating fentanyl-related drugs as a class of controlled substances in 2019 and conducted “counternarcotics cooperation with the U.S.,"" the ministry said, calling on the U.S. government to correct what it considers wrongful actions.
The Ministry of Commerce in China said it would file a lawsuit with the World Trade Organization for the “wrongful practices of the U.S.” and take measures to safeguard its rights and interests.
The tariffs will go into effect on Tuesday, setting up a showdown in North America that could potentially sabotage economic growth. A new analysis by the Budget Lab at Yale laid out the possible damage to the U.S. economy, saying the average household would lose the equivalent of $1,170 in income from the taxes. Economic growth would slow and inflation would worsen, and the situation could be even worse with retaliation from other countries.
Democrats were quick to warn that any inflation going forward was the result of Trump’s actions.
“You’re worried about grocery prices. Don’s raising prices with his tariffs,” Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer of New York wrote in a series of posts on X. “You’re worried about tomato prices. Wait till Trump’s Mexico tariffs raise your tomato prices,” read another. “You’re worried about car prices. Wait till Trump’s Canada tariffs raise your car prices,” read another.
A senior U.S. administration official, speaking on condition of anonymity to brief reporters, said the lower rate on energy reflected a desire to minimize disruptive increases on the price of gasoline or utilities. That's a sign White House officials understand the gamble they're taking on inflation. Price spikes under former President Joe Biden led to voter frustration that helped return Trump to the White House.
The order signed by Trump contained no mechanism for granting exceptions, the official said, a possible blow to homebuilders who rely on Canadian lumber as well as farmers, automakers and other industries.
The official did not provide specific benchmarks that could be met to lift the new tariffs, saying only that the best measure would be fewer Americans dying from fentanyl addiction.
The order would also allow for tariffs on Canadian imports of less than $800. Imports below that sum are currently able to cross into the United States without customs and duties.
“It doesn’t make much economic sense,’’ said William Reinsch, senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies and a former U.S. trade official. “Historically, most of our tariffs on raw materials have been low because we want to get cheaper materials so our manufacturers will be competitive ... Now, what’s he talking about? He’s talking about tariffs on raw materials. I don’t get the economics of it.’’
With the tariffs, Trump is honoring promises that are at the core of his economic and national security philosophy. But the announcement showed his seriousness around the issue as some Trump allies had played down the threat of higher import taxes as mere negotiating tactics.
The president is preparing more import taxes in a sign that tariffs will be an ongoing part of his second term. On Friday, he mentioned imported computer chips, steel, oil and natural gas, as well as copper, pharmaceutical drugs and imports from the European Union — moves that could essentially pit the U.S. against much of the global economy.
Trudeau warned of economic pain as the tariffs take effect and encouraged Canadians to ""choose Canadian products and services rather than American ones.” But he also voiced optimism in the enduring relationship between the two countries.
“It is going to have real consequences for people, for workers on both sides of our border. We don’t want to be here. We didn’t ask for this, but we will not back down in standing up both for Canadians and for the incredible successful relationship between Canada and the United States,” Trudeau said.
—Boak reported from Palm Beach, Florida, Sherman reported from Mexico City and Gillies reported from Toronto. Associated Press writer Paul Wiseman in Washington contributed to this report.
Contact us at letters@time.com"
23,2025-02-01,"Business Insider Edition 
Barbara Corcoran stumbled upon her dream home when she delivered a package there in 1992 — then purchased it more than two decades later.

        The ""Shark Tank"" star was working part-time as a messenger to keep her fledgling real-estate business afloat during a painful downturn, and one delivery took her to a penthouse on Manhattan's Upper East Side.
    

        ""I walked in and saw this green, lush terrace through the French doors, and said to the lady who let me in, 'If you're ever going to sell this, would you sell it to me?'"" Corcoran recently told The New York Times.
    

        ""She didn't take me seriously. Years went by, I got notoriety. When she was ready to sell it, she called me.""
    

        Corcoran told Business Insider that imagining herself in that home drove her to hustle and excel in her career.
    

        ""I don't think you can accomplish anything without starting with a dream,"" she said. ""And I think the less attainable something seems, the more important dreaming is because it's all you've got! That certainly applies to today's real estate market which is less affordable for first time buyers. But if you visualize the house you want and choose the street you want, you're more able to do the hard work it takes to get it because it's already real in your mind.""
    

        ""I've visualized every success in my life long before I ever accomplished it,"" Corcoran continued. ""I could feel it, touch it, and picture every detail. But without dreaming first and putting in the hard work to get there, I'd probably be living in my studio rental on East 83rd Street.""
    

        The property tycoon has previously shared the story about how she bought the apartment. She told ""Shark Tank"" costar Kevin O'Leary in 2020 that the previous owner ""looked at me with pity"" because she couldn't imagine a courier could ever afford a Fifth Avenue penthouse.
    

O'Leary suggested the takeaway was that relationships are vital to snagging prime real estate.
    

        ""No,"" Corcoran replied. ""Relationships matter, but more important than that, dreaming matters. I envisioned myself living here.""
    

        Corcoran told O'Leary she paid $10 million for the apartment and spent another $3 million on renovations. She estimated her place was only worth $12 million at that point, but dismissed the idea it was a bad investment.
    

        ""Because I over-improved it on purpose, and I'll be living here for 10 years,"" she said. ""New York's a crazy market, but one thing I know for sure, I will make a lot of money.""
    

        The founder of The Corcoran Group, which she sold for $66 million in 2001, told ""Live With Kelly & Mark"" in 2023 that she sits in her home and squeals with delight every night.
    

        She granted influencer Caleb Simpson a tour in late 2022 that he shared on social media:
    

        The 1158 Fifth Avenue apartment was featured in a New York Times article headlined ""Garden in the Sky"" before it was listed in 2013 for the first time since 1975.
    

        The newspaper described Corcoran's future home as an ""elegantly eclectic duplex penthouse  with soothing views of Central Park to the west and the George Washington Bridge to the north.""
    

        Property records show the apartment was listed at $14.5 million in November 2013. After several price cuts, it was sold for $10 million in March 2015.
    

        Corcoran spoke to the Times after her mobile home in the Palisades burned down during the recent California wildfires. She said she acquired that property by finding a neighborhood on the beach she liked, walking the streets until she found the home she wanted, then knocking and asking the owner if she wanted to sell.
    

        The owner initially said no, but changed her mind after Corcoran said she could use the place whenever she wanted for the rest of her life.
    

        ""That's how I buy all of my homes,"" Corcoran said about purchasing sight unseen. ""I have an emotional love affair with them. It's romanticism. I walk in and I go, 'I belong here'.""
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
24,2025-02-01,"
Projects


Images


Products


Folders


AD Plus


Benefits


Archive


Content


Maps


Audio


+ 18
Text description provided by the architects. The Charras Centre is an enormous urban complex built in 1969 in Courbevoie, near La Défense. Surrounded by high-rise apartment blocks, the space is home to a collection of public facilities (pool, skating rink and the current market), a shopping centre, a hotel and car parks. The project is part of an operational phasing plan that frees up different plots for the restructuring and extension of the outdated shopping centre.Save this picture!© Takuji ShimmuraSave this picture!AxonometrySave this picture!© Takuji ShimmuraThe new market hall is the cornerstone of a highly technical operational program. It involves extending the existing car parks, which have been brought up to standard, by building a 600-place underground car park over 3 floors, while the site is occupied. The design of the car park and new public space has to deal with significant limitations (co-owned properties, multiple poorly identified networks, working urban heating system), whilst ensuring significant functionality and clarity. Beyond its commercial purpose, the new market is an appealing and lively place open to all. It is the unifying component of the new common-space promenade. Constructed perpendicular to the street for better visibility, it extends towards the centre of the site and enhances the connections to the shopping centre and town hall. The project reconciles a dense programme and restricted site in a highly compact space. Its elliptical shape and pitched roof ensure the building blends in while avoiding a stark front-on design. The building slopes down to the closest buildings and rises to stand out on the street and opposite the shopping centre.Save this picture!© Takuji ShimmuraSave this picture!Ground Floor PlanSave this picture!© Takuji ShimmuraThe limited size of the building, the compact car park design and the creation of a north-south path make the Charras Market highly visible within open and free-flowing public spaces, linked to major urban routes. The new market is home to traders 3 days per week, but also new uses during extended opening times. There is a brasserie at the front of the building on the street side over 2 floors, opening out onto the market. A concierge service on the south side edge, shared with the shopping centre, can be used to pick up parcels or prepared baskets. Inside the market, traders enjoy a business-friendly layout. Each unit has versatile metal stalls, with an adaptable structure, that helps shape the overall commercial identity.Save this picture!© Takuji ShimmuraSave this picture!Longitudinal SectionSave this picture!© Takuji ShimmuraThe new Charras Hall takes its place within its urban and historic surroundings to offer a modern, environmental and elegant interpretation supported by high-quality materials: timber, varnished tiles, glass, and steel. The detailed implementation considers the complex requirements, whilst giving the building a unique and long-lasting feel. The same care has been taken with the external structures. They reconcile the needs of external traders, the definition of spaces adapted to the residential and commercial surroundings, the addition of greenery, rainwater management and neighbouring developments (urban boulevard being redesigned).Save this picture!© Takuji Shimmura
Text description provided by the architects. The Charras Centre is an enormous urban complex built in 1969 in Courbevoie, near La Défense. Surrounded by high-rise apartment blocks, the space is home to a collection of public facilities (pool, skating rink and the current market), a shopping centre, a hotel and car parks. The project is part of an operational phasing plan that frees up different plots for the restructuring and extension of the outdated shopping centre.
Text description provided by the architects. The Charras Centre is an enormous urban complex built in 1969 in Courbevoie, near La Défense. Surrounded by high-rise apartment blocks, the space is home to a collection of public facilities (pool, skating rink and the current market), a shopping centre, a hotel and car parks. The project is part of an operational phasing plan that frees up different plots for the restructuring and extension of the outdated shopping centre.
The new market hall is the cornerstone of a highly technical operational program. It involves extending the existing car parks, which have been brought up to standard, by building a 600-place underground car park over 3 floors, while the site is occupied. The design of the car park and new public space has to deal with significant limitations (co-owned properties, multiple poorly identified networks, working urban heating system), whilst ensuring significant functionality and clarity. Beyond its commercial purpose, the new market is an appealing and lively place open to all. It is the unifying component of the new common-space promenade. Constructed perpendicular to the street for better visibility, it extends towards the centre of the site and enhances the connections to the shopping centre and town hall. The project reconciles a dense programme and restricted site in a highly compact space. Its elliptical shape and pitched roof ensure the building blends in while avoiding a stark front-on design. The building slopes down to the closest buildings and rises to stand out on the street and opposite the shopping centre.
The new market hall is the cornerstone of a highly technical operational program. It involves extending the existing car parks, which have been brought up to standard, by building a 600-place underground car park over 3 floors, while the site is occupied. The design of the car park and new public space has to deal with significant limitations (co-owned properties, multiple poorly identified networks, working urban heating system), whilst ensuring significant functionality and clarity. Beyond its commercial purpose, the new market is an appealing and lively place open to all. It is the unifying component of the new common-space promenade. Constructed perpendicular to the street for better visibility, it extends towards the centre of the site and enhances the connections to the shopping centre and town hall. The project reconciles a dense programme and restricted site in a highly compact space. Its elliptical shape and pitched roof ensure the building blends in while avoiding a stark front-on design. The building slopes down to the closest buildings and rises to stand out on the street and opposite the shopping centre.
The limited size of the building, the compact car park design and the creation of a north-south path make the Charras Market highly visible within open and free-flowing public spaces, linked to major urban routes. The new market is home to traders 3 days per week, but also new uses during extended opening times. There is a brasserie at the front of the building on the street side over 2 floors, opening out onto the market. A concierge service on the south side edge, shared with the shopping centre, can be used to pick up parcels or prepared baskets. Inside the market, traders enjoy a business-friendly layout. Each unit has versatile metal stalls, with an adaptable structure, that helps shape the overall commercial identity.
The limited size of the building, the compact car park design and the creation of a north-south path make the Charras Market highly visible within open and free-flowing public spaces, linked to major urban routes. The new market is home to traders 3 days per week, but also new uses during extended opening times. There is a brasserie at the front of the building on the street side over 2 floors, opening out onto the market. A concierge service on the south side edge, shared with the shopping centre, can be used to pick up parcels or prepared baskets. Inside the market, traders enjoy a business-friendly layout. Each unit has versatile metal stalls, with an adaptable structure, that helps shape the overall commercial identity.
The new Charras Hall takes its place within its urban and historic surroundings to offer a modern, environmental and elegant interpretation supported by high-quality materials: timber, varnished tiles, glass, and steel. The detailed implementation considers the complex requirements, whilst giving the building a unique and long-lasting feel. The same care has been taken with the external structures. They reconcile the needs of external traders, the definition of spaces adapted to the residential and commercial surroundings, the addition of greenery, rainwater management and neighbouring developments (urban boulevard being redesigned).
The new Charras Hall takes its place within its urban and historic surroundings to offer a modern, environmental and elegant interpretation supported by high-quality materials: timber, varnished tiles, glass, and steel. The detailed implementation considers the complex requirements, whilst giving the building a unique and long-lasting feel. The same care has been taken with the external structures. They reconcile the needs of external traders, the definition of spaces adapted to the residential and commercial surroundings, the addition of greenery, rainwater management and neighbouring developments (urban boulevard being redesigned).





You'll now receive updates based on what you follow! Personalize your stream and start following your favorite authors, offices and users."
25,2025-02-01,"The Health Ministry said at least 158 people were also wounded in Saturday’s attack that was blamed on the RSF.
Sudan refugee crisis: 840,000 displaced to neighboring south Sudan
At least 56 people have been killed in Sudan after artillery shelling and air attacks on a vegetable market in Omdurman.
The Health Ministry said at least 158 people were also wounded in Saturday’s attack that was blamed on the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF).
Khalid al-Aleisir, minister of culture and government spokesperson, condemned the attack, saying the casualties included many women and children. He said the attack caused widespread destruction.
“This criminal act adds to the bloody record of this militia,” he said in a statement. “It constitutes a blatant violation of international humanitarian law.”
Witnesses said the artillery shelling came from western Omdurman, where the RSF remains in control, and was supported by drones.
One resident further south in Omdurman told the AFP news agency that the RSF was firing on multiple streets at once, adding that “rockets and artillery shells are falling.”
“The shells fell in the middle of the vegetable market, that’s why there are so many victims and wounded,” one survivor added.
 

 
Staff at the nearby al-Nao Hospital said they have been overwhelmed by the number of casualties and that wounded were “still being brought to the hospital”. A hospital volunteer said they were in dire need of “shrouds, blood donors and stretchers to transport the wounded”.
In a separate incident in Khartoum, two civilians were killed and dozens wounded in an air attack on an RSF-controlled area, the local Emergency Response Room (ERR) was quoted by AFP as saying.
The ERR is one of hundreds of volunteer committees across Sudan coordinating emergency care.
War between the Sudanese army and RSF broke out in April 2023 over the integration of the two forces. It has killed tens of thousands of people, driven millions from their homes and plunged half of the population into hunger.
Saturday’s attack comes a day after RSF commander Mohamed Hamdan Daglo pledged to retake the capital from the army.
“We expelled them [from Khartoum] before, and we will expel them again,” he told troops in a rare video address.
Sudan’s army retook several bases in Khartoum last month, including its pre-war headquarters, pushing the RSF increasingly into the city’s outskirts.
 

 
Sudan’s capital has turned into a shell of its former self and tens of thousands have been killed across the country due to the violence.
Entire neighbourhoods have been emptied out and taken over by fighters and at least 3.6 million people have fled the capital, according to the United Nations.
At least 106,000 people are also estimated to be suffering from famine in Khartoum, according to the UN-backed Integrated Food Security Phase Classification, with a further 3.2 million experiencing crisis levels of hunger.









Follow Al Jazeera English:"
26,2025-02-01,Q4 2024 Eastman Chemical Co Earnings Call
27,2025-02-01,"Business Insider Edition 
Happy Saturday! Are you in the throes of planning your Spring Break trip? Learn from one mother who planned an epic family vacation for 18 family members that ended up being a ""nightmare."" Ouch!

On the agenda:


But first: Hi, (billionaire) neighbor!
    

If this was forwarded to you, sign up here. Download Business Insider's app here.


        A South Florida mansion — yet to be built — is on the market for $285 million. A vacant lot in Miami went on the market for $200 million. Meanwhile, Tom Brady reportedly may sell his newly built Indian Creek mansion after quietly receiving offers of $150 million.
    

        Besides their eye-popping price tags and Florida locations, what do all of these properties have in common? They sit next to the homes of billionaires, whose presence alone is dramatically affecting the surrounding property values.
    

        Billionaires undoubtedly affect our everyday lives — from job creation and politics (Hi, Elon Musk!) to philanthropy and even the media we consume. Where the nine-zero earners choose to live is also driving the market upward — and their neighbors are cashing in.
    

        Stewart Satter, a former CEO who now develops real estate as a hobby, listed a $285 million to-be-built house in Manalapan, Florida. The property sits ""next door to the Oracle cofounder Larry Ellison's estate, which he paid $173 million for in 2022,"" real estate reporter Jordan Pandy recently wrote. Satter's price tag makes it the most expensive new home on the US market.
    

        It's the latest in a trend of properties with proximity to billionaires being put up for sale. About 70 miles north, Jeff Bezos' neighbor listed an 80,000-square-foot vacant lot for $200 million in December 2024. It came after Bezos paid $68 million, then $79 million, and later $90 million for three properties in Indian Creek, Florida.
    

        Ilya Reznik, who's representing the owners who didn't want to be identified, told Business Insider that the lot is in ""a very unique location.""
    

        Reznik is right. Tom Brady, Carl Icahn, and Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump also own mansions in one of America's wealthiest towns. And one bold-faced name seemingly wants in on the Bezos Effect, too. Brady is quietly receiving offers upward of $150 million on a home he bought in 2020 for $17 million.
    

        Forget keeping up with the Joneses; it's all about living next to the billionaires.
    

        As the cost of raising a child skyrockets, more women feel they need to delay motherhood until they're more established in their careers. By the time they're ready to have kids, they must juggle their high-pressure, prestigious jobs with the full-time demands of parenting.
    

        ""Having it all"" — a successful career and a fulfilling home life — may be a myth, but all's not lost. Fortunately, more parents are warming to a more balanced solution.
    

Is a career break the answer?


        It's no secret that exercise is crucial for living a longer life. If you want to be active and strong in your 80s, it's never too early to start training for it.
    

        One of the biggest fitness mistakes is failing to prioritize long-term fitness goals, Ollie Thompson, a UK-based personal trainer who specializes in longevity, said. He shared workout advice for training based on your age — from prioritizing strength workouts in your 20s to adding stability movements in your 40s.
    

Lifting for longevity.


        Actor Kristen Bell knows how difficult it can be to fit a workout into a busy schedule. She relies on ""exercise snacking"" whenever she can't make it to the gym to lift weights. The method involves intermingling one-and-a-half-minute segments of exercise throughout the day.
    

        The Golden Globe-nominated actor also typically microwaves dinner for her family. Bell gave a glimpse into her life and shared with BI how she spends the hours in the day she's not working.
    

Juggling family time and exercise.


        On her first trip to Utah's Silicon Slopes, BI's Joey Hadden thought she knew what to expect — skiing, tech, and celebrity estates.
    

        The region, which includes Salt Lake City and Park City, met those expectations, but a few things still surprised her. From a bustling suburban tech scene to a ski lift in the heart of downtown Park City, Hadden got a sense of what it means to work and play in the Silicon Slopes.
    

These unexpected delights made her want to revisit.


See the full list


The BI Today team:Dan DeFrancesco, deputy editor and anchor, in New York City. Grace Lett, editor, in New York. Lisa Ryan, executive editor, in New York. Amanda Yen, associate editor, in New York. Elizabeth Casolo, fellow, in Chicago.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
28,2025-02-01,Pixel users will want to take note of the Galaxy S25
29,2025-02-01,"Business Insider Edition 
DeepSeek may have spooked investors at the start of the week, but tech giants are doubling down on their plans to invest heavily in AI.

Apple, Microsoft, Meta, and more reported earnings on Wednesday and Thursday. One of the major topics people were interested in was whether execs would comment on whether Chinese company DeepSeek's seemingly cheaper AI model would change US corporations' lofty spending goals.
    

        The answer appeared to be a resounding no.
    

        ""Huge week for Big Tech earnings as Zuckerberg, Nadella, Cook, and Musk doubled down on their AI visions and what this means for each of these tech stalwarts looking ahead,"" Dan Ives, managing directorat Wedbush Securities, said in an X post, referring to Meta's Mark Zuckerberg, Microsoft's Satya Nadella, Apple's Tim Cook, and Tesla and xAI's Elon Musk.
    

        ""This is an AI arms race and the Temu of AI DeepSeek not changing thatAI Revolution just starting,"" Ives continued.
    

        Investors had been concerned whether a less-expensive open-source AI model like DeepSeek's R1 would highlight that Big Tech companies had been splashing out too much on building out infrastructure — like data centers filled with costly chips — or that less-expensive models would stop them being able to charge customers as much to access them.
    

        However, Big Tech stuck with its spending plans. Meta, for example, said it's still planning for $60 billion to $65 billion in capex for its AI strategy in 2025. CEO Mark Zuckerberg said ""investing aggressively"" in these initiatives will be the determining factor in Meta's financial trajectory in the coming years.
    

        Meanwhile, Microsoft told investors that demand for AI is so high that it's struggling to provide enough data centers.
    

        ""Already, our AI business has surpassed an annual revenue run rate of $13 billion, up 175% year-over-year,"" Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said on the FY 2025 Q2 earnings call.
    

        The company plans to spend $80 billion on AI data centers this fiscal year.
    

        Many companies said that cheaper AI models would broaden access to the technology, therefore increasing demand and justifying their spending on chips and data centers.
    

        Zuckerberg told investors that Meta is working to set an ""American standard"" for open-source models globally as they become more accessible.
    

        ""If anything, some of the recent news has only strengthened our conviction that this is the right thing for us to be focused on,"" Zuck said on the Wednesday call.
    

DeepSeek disrupted the market in January with a new AI model that its researchers said was trained at a fraction of the cost — less than $6 million — that US tech companies are investing. Shares of many competitors, including Microsoft and Alphabet, fell on concerns that a cheaper model showed they might have been overspending.
    

Apple CEO Tim Cook has been criticized for launching Apple Intelligence later than competitors and taking a more cautious approach. However, that meant the company was insulated from the hit other stocks took from the DeepSeek news ahead of Thursday's call.
    

        While he didn't discuss how much the iPhone maker plans to spend on AI this year, Cook said, ""From a CapEx point of view, we've always taken a very prudent, deliberative approach to our expenditure.""
    

        Over at Tesla, CEO Elon Musk was all about real-world AI during the Q4 earnings call on Wednesday. Musk told analysts he's ""making rapid progress"" on technology when asked about accelerating innovation.
    

        He didn't mention DeepSeek but said ""the cost of training is dropping dramatically with time,"" as Tesla ramps up its efforts in developing its humanoid robot, Optimus.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
30,2025-02-01,"by Calculated Risk on 2/01/2025 02:11:00 PM

At the Calculated Risk Real Estate Newsletter this week:

Click on graph for larger image.

• New Home Sales Increase to 698,000 Annual Rate in December

• Case-Shiller: National House Price Index Up 3.8% year-over-year in November

• Inflation Adjusted House Prices 1.1% Below 2022 Peak

• Freddie Mac House Price Index Increased in December; Up 4.0% Year-over-year

• Final Look at Local Housing Markets in December and a Look Ahead to January Sales

This is usually published 4 to 6 times a week and provides more in-depth analysis of the housing market.

"
31,2025-02-01,"Muslim-friendly tourism market is expected to grow to $410.9bn by 2032.
The Halal and Muslim-friendly tourism market is expected to grow to $410.9bn by 2032, up from $256.5bn in 2023, according to industry predictions, with popular tourist destinations launching various initiatives to cash in on the rise in demand.
International Muslim tourist arrivals in the first half of 2024 were listed at 80 million, according to Crescent Rating, which said the steep rise is set to continue and figures could reach 230 million by 2028.
Industry experts say the global Islamic Halal economy, which includes investments as well as tourism among others, is set to reach $7.7 trillion this year, more than double the $3.2 trillion in 2015 and significantly higher than the $5.7 trillion it was valued at in 2021.
Halal is an Arabic term meaning “permitted” and extends to more than just food.
Halal, or Muslim-friendly, tourism would cover everything from halal food, prayer facilities, availability of water in toilets for washing and ablution, gender segregation options, as well as an environment and experience free from “forbidden” acts, including alcohol and gambling.
“Muslim leisure travellers have similar motivations to others. They want to experience the culture of their destination,” Fazal Bahardeen, CEO of Crescent Rating, told Al Jazeera.
“The key difference is that they seek to enjoy these experiences without compromising their basic faith-based needs. It’s not just a form of religious tourism.”
A report by Crescent Rating predicts that the Muslim travel market is expected to reach $300bn by 2026, serving as “a strategic opportunity for destinations and operators to connect with a growing audience”.
AbdulMaalik Tailor, CEO and founder of Halal Tourism Britain, reckons Halal tourism “is an untapped market that has potential”.
“Initially, Muslim travellers would only do religious pilgrimages or visit ‘back home’,” he told Al Jazeera. “But as the community grew, especially the younger generations with their surplus spend, it became apparent that their needs had to be catered for.”
Bahardeen says many popular tourist destinations are now “recognising this potential and enhancing their offerings to be more inclusive”.
While Malaysia and Thailand are among the most popular destinations, other popular ones include Singapore, United Kingdom, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Thailand.
In July last year, Thailand unveiled a halal industry action plan aimed at promoting local products and bolstering industry standards. The country set its hopes on the rising halal industry to help boost to its tourism-reliant economy, which has struggled since the COVID-19 pandemic.
With a 4M increase in Muslim tourists in 10 years, Thailand has opened its first Halal hotel. pic.twitter.com/kPETOFWnEF
— Al Jazeera English (@AJEnglish) March 24, 2017

In November, the Hong Kong Tourism Board launched an initiative to “drive development of Muslim-friendly tourism facilities to elevate visitor experiences”.
In a statement sent to Al Jazeera, it said it wanted to “encourage restaurants, hotels, attractions, venues, and other establishments to review their Muslim-friendliness, while promoting the importance of Halal certification among the trade”, sharing a list of hotels, restaurants and attractions that had obtained the required certification.
Since 2019, Taiwan has consistently been among destinations ranked highly by Crescent Rating while the Philippines retained its title as an emerging Muslim-friendly destination for the second straight year in 2024.
Last year, the Philippines’s Tourism Secretary Christina Frasco said the tourism department “recognises the significance and potential of Halal tourism in contributing to the growth and diversity of our tourism industry”.
“Catering to the needs of Muslim travellers through development of Halal tourism is crucial in ensuring that we raise our competitiveness in the global tourism market,” she added.
Zanzibar hosted a Halal Tourism Exhibition last year, hoping to attract not only investment but also interest. A Zanzibar tourism official told Al Jazeera that the move will also help boost businesses that were already offering such initiatives.
Tailor, of Halal Tourism Britain, said the “increase in non-Muslim countries catering to Halal tourism shows a positive trend in the market’s growth”.
While the rise in Muslim population growth remains a factor that has pushed the demand higher, according to Tailor, another major reason is the rising middle class with disposable income that is wishing to travel more.
“More destinations, whether Muslim or non-Muslim, are becoming aware of the potential and are actively marketing themselves as such to create different experiences,” he said.
“We also need to recognise that the age we are living in, the narrative can be told now by Muslim influencers and Muslim brands taking advantage of it too, whilst recognising that non-Muslims who may identify as Halal travellers are increasingly wishing to have the shared experiences.”
Approximately 70 percent of the global Muslim population is aged below 40.
Crescent Rating predicts that “by 2034, the Muslim population will experience substantial increases in the middle age groups [21-30 and 31-40], which are key travel demographic segments due to their economic activity and travel propensity”.
Bahardeen says he has been part of the industry for the last 16 years, and “the changes in halal tourism have been profound”.
“When we started, it was a niche concept with limited awareness. Today, it is widely recognised across the travel industry, with entire segments dedicated to accommodating Muslim travellers. The level of awareness, innovation, and investment in this sector has evolved significantly.”









Follow Al Jazeera English:"
32,2025-02-01,"Donald has always touted the stock market as a sign that his presidency is doing well. White House liar Karoline Leavitt announced 47's trade wars, and then stocks dropped. The trade wars will begin on February 1st. 
""The President will be implementing tomorrow a 25 percent tariff on Mexico, 25 percent tariffs on Canada, and a 10 percent tariff on China for the illegal fentanyl that they have sourced and allowed to distribute into our country, which has killed tens of millions of Americans,"" Leavitt said. ""These are promises made and promises kept by the President.""
Hmm...I wonder why China got a discount, but our allies did not. Still, this is an outrageously heavy tax on consumers. 
And right after Leavitt's two sentences, stocks dived:
Sad! Fox News notes that Leavitt's tariffs announcement immediately caused a dip in the stock market
— Aaron Rupar (@atrupar.com) 2025-01-31T18:48:37.466Z
RTT News reports:
Currently, the major averages are turning in a mixed performance. While the Nasdaq remains up 38.35 points or 0.2 percent at 19,720.10, the S&P 500 is down 16.12 points or 0.3 percent at 6,055.05 and the Dow is down 342.75 points or 0.8 percent at 44,539.38.
The major averages showed a notable move to the downside in recent trading after White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt confirmed tariffs will be levied against major U.S. trading partners beginning Saturday.
Leavitt said the Trump administration will be implementing 25 percent tariffs on Mexico and Canada as well as a 10 percent duty on China.

It's almost as if 47 is intentionally trying to destroy our economy -- at least for the working class. This is an oligarchy, not a presidency representing 'we the people.'
Leavitt: Tomorrow, the President will be implementing a 25% tariff on Mexico, a 25% tariff on Canada, a 10% tariff on China for the illegal fentanyl they have sourced and allowed to distribute into our country that has killed tens of millions of Americans.
— Acyn (@acyn.bsky.social) 2025-01-31T18:28:17.324Z
For over 20 years we have been exposing Washington lies and untangling media deceit, but social media is limiting our ability to attract new readers. Please give a one-time or recurring donation, or buy a year's subscription for an ad-free experience. Thank you.
To become an ad-free subscriber please select one of the following two options. Once you click your selected plan a window will open taking you to Admiral, our ad-free partner.
If you don't mind the ads and would rather donate, please select one of the options below:"
33,2025-02-01,"Business Insider Edition 
The days of the US stock market's outperformance on a global stage are about to end, Bank of America's top global strategist Michael Hartnett says.

        ""US exceptionalism now exceptionally expensive, exceptionally well-owned, outperformance to peak in '25,"" Hartnett said in a client note on Friday.
    

        Hartnett laid out a three-point argument for why US stocks' outshining of the rest of the world may be over. One was the unexpected left hook that hit the US tech sector on Monday: DeepSeek.
    

        The Chinese AI firm released its R1 chatbot to much fanfare, as it seemingly rivals ChatGPT's performance with a significantly lower production price tag and more efficient energy usage. Investors were suddenly left questioning if all the money that tech firms were throwing at AI infrastructure was going to generate the kind of profits they were betting on. Hartnett thinks the answer is no.
    

        ""DeepSeek means peak in AI capex return expectations,"" he wrote.
    

        The other reasons Hartnett is skeptical that US stocks can continue to beat their global counterparts are the slowdown in government spending he expects and lower immigration levels.
    

        US fiscal spending has been well above trend over the last five years, which has helped propel the market's outperformance, Hartnett argued. But since taking office on January 20, President Trump has tried to issue a government spending halt.
    

        The number of immigrants entering the US at the southern border has also sharply dropped in the last few months. Hartnett highlighted that of the US population's 3.3 million gain in 2024, 2.7 million (84%) were immigrants. And according to a Cato Institute analysis of Census Bureau data, 78% of job gains from 2019 to March 2024 were by immigrants. Lower immigration rates could slow job growth and hamper the economic expansion.
    

        These trends don't necessarily mean the broader market is set to crash, Hartnett said. Rather, the so-called Magnificent Seven is probably set to underperform, and other parts of the market could benefit. The biggest risks facing the market are inflation and where 10-year Treasury rates go, he said.
    

        Tariffs could prove trouble for inflation and rates and, in turn, stocks. On Friday, major US stock indexes dropped after the White House announced 25% tariffs on Mexico and Canada, and 10% tariffs on China. The S&P 500 fell more than 1% in the last few hours of trading, while 10-year yields climbed as much as eight basis points, from 4.5% to 4.58%.
    

        Two ""quiet"" opportunities in global markets right now, meanwhile, are bank stocks in both Japan and Europe, according to Hartnett.
    

        ""Investors all-in on US exceptionalism, missing new secular bulls in cheap, unloved Japan & Europe banks,"" the notoriously short-winded Hartnett wrote. ""Note Japan banks still 74% below 1980s highs (Chart 4), EU banks 67% below 2007 highs (Chart 5), and both breaking with upside likely in our view.""
    

        Below are the charts Hartnett is referring to.
    

        Two ways to gain exposure to these trades are through exchange-traded funds like the iShares MSCI Europe Financials ETF (EUFN) and the iShares MSCI Japan Value ETF (EWJV), which has a 26% weighting to Japanese financials sector stocks.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
34,2025-02-01,"
For 100 years, the East-West Shrine Bowl has been the showcase for college all-stars looking to take their talent to the next level. Current NFL stars such as Zay Flowers, Brock Purdy, and Kobie Turner all opened eyes on that stage while the game's greatest of all time, Tom Brady, Walter Payton, and Lawrence Taylor, all highlighted their skills for NFL scouts.
This year was no different.
While the East trounced the West 25-0 in one of the more one-sided games in the event's history, there were several individual players who stood out as potential draft targets for teams capable of finding hidden gems who will help carry them for years to come.
These are just a few.

No player had a greater offensive impact on the game than former Arizona Wildcats running back Jacory Croskey-Merritt.
The redshirt senior earned MVP honors in the game, in which he took just 11 carries and turned them into 97 yards and two touchdowns.
Jacory Croskey-Merritt won Shrine Bowl MVP with 11 carries, 97 yards, and 2 TDs.<br><br>Shifty, productive back with great vision and incredible elusive ability. New Mexico/Arizona film looks like LeSean McCoy at times. Will be a major day 3 gem. <a href=""https://t.co/F6EYPFDrSX"">pic.twitter.com/F6EYPFDrSX</a>
He ate up huge chunks on each run and looked like the most dominant player on the field during his limited carries. His performance likely opened some eyes ahead of May's NFL draft, coming off of a disappointing final collegiate season.
Croskey-Merritt expected to play for the Wildcats in 2024 but eligibility questions left him with just 13 carries for 106 yards and a touchdown.
An elusive back who can turn on the jets at the second level, he will likely be the target of teams looking to bolster their offensive backfield in the later rounds of the draft. Based on his ability to find holes and explode through them, it is not out of the question that he has a solid NFL career at running back, for whichever team takes a chance on him.

While the eyes of the NFL are on possible No. 1 overall pick Shadeur Sanders, brother Shiloh showcased his abilities in the game.
Amid pressure to perform and save himself a spot in May's NFL Draft, Sanders impressed at the East-West Shrine Game, breaking up passes and delivering hard, sure tackles that prevented the opposition from advancing the ball.
Shilo Sanders bounced back in a BIG way in the East West Shrine Bowl game.<br><br>Sanders was reportedly having an ""extremely tough time"" in practices this week, but put the noise to rest during the game.<br><br>Several NFL scouts reportedly still have Sanders tabbed as a ""day three"" pick as… <a href=""https://t.co/0TgNZ4qIgI"">pic.twitter.com/0TgNZ4qIgI</a>
A day-three pick at best, Sanders has the raw ability but has struggled at times to perform consistently. A quality performance on a big stage, with the front offices of NFL teams represented, will certainly help bolster his draft stock.
That was had a significant impact on a defense that pitched a shout-out against the West only solidified his status as one of the top players to bolster their stock at the game.

Eastern Washington's Efton Chism III looks a lot like a fellow Eagles alum, Cooper Kupp.
A shifty wide receiver who can create separation thanks to his footwork, he gets open and makes tacklers miss, as evidenced by his 20-yard pickup in the Shrine Bowl.
Eastern Washington's Efton Chism rounded out a nice week with a stellar <a href=""https://twitter.com/ShrineBowl?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw"">@ShrineBowl</a> game showing.<br><br>- 4 targets<br>- 4 catches<br>- 43 yards <br><br>⬇️ this 20-yard pick up with a good chunk after the catch 🔥 <br><br> <a href=""https://t.co/uJserhzO2M"">pic.twitter.com/uJserhzO2M</a>
Playing primarily out of the slot, he caught every ball thrown his way while showing an elusiveness that allows him to take an eight yard pass for significantly more yardage.
While some will question his size (5'10'', 195 pounds), he does all of the things that have made smaller slot receivers thrive in the NFL. With the right coach, he has the ability to be a contributor at the next level and someone who can be a legitimate breakout star in this year's draft.
Efton Chism III has been COOKING at the Shrine Bowl 👀 <br><br>Put up an absurd 3840 yards and 37 TDs at Eastern Washington while only dropping 3% of passes with a 64% contested catch rate.<br><br>He was also first in yards/route run with 3.45 and forced 27 missed tackles.<br><br>Stock up <a href=""https://t.co/v7vH4TSvAq"">pic.twitter.com/v7vH4TSvAq</a>
One of the potential hidden gems, as highlighted by his performance both in the East-West game and throughout the week leading to it."
35,2025-02-01,"
Dominoes continue to fall on the NHL trade market.
After the Rangers traded for J.T. Miller and the Canucks dealt for Marcus Pettersson on Friday night, the Stars responded with a move Saturday by acquiring Mikael Granlund and Cody Ceci from the Sharks.
🚨 TRADE ALERT! 🚨<br><br>We have acquired Mikael Granlund and Cody Ceci from the <a href=""https://twitter.com/SanJoseSharks?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw"">@sanjosesharks</a> for a 2025 First-Round Pick and 2025 Conditional Third-Round Pick.<br><br>Welcome to <a href=""https://twitter.com/hashtag/TexasHockey?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw"">#TexasHockey</a>, Mikael and Cody!<br><br>📰 MORE: <a href=""https://t.co/w1qM9bBeGA"">https://t.co/w1qM9bBeGA</a> <a href=""https://t.co/OT9aHYnpn2"">pic.twitter.com/OT9aHYnpn2</a>
Dallas is a true contender with holes in the lineup at center and on defense and was not willing to take any chances. The Stars paid a hefty price to bring in two players, especially with some of the biggest names already off the board
Let's analyze the trade for the Stars and assess if the Sharks got enough value to justify moving two rentals well in advance of the March 7 deadline.

The Dallas Stars are as much of a contender as any team in the Western Conference, but there are alarming weak points in the lineup. The injury to Tyler Seguin that will keep him out for perhaps the entire season leaves a gaping hole at center behind Roope Hintz and Matt Duchene.
Mikael Granlund should slot in nicely on the third line. A few years ago, he was a negative asset; Pittsburgh dumped his contract to San Jose to facilitate the Erik Karlsson deal. The Finnish center has completely remade himself with the Sharks and has reminded everyone of his proficiency as a playmaker. Granlund slows the game down and carefully scans his options in the offensive zone. He has masterful control of his stick, with precision passing and some of the best weighting on his passes among NHL centers. On the power play, where he has full time and space to operate, he is highly influential.
There are limits to his game. He is a perimeter player who doesn't create much as a shooter. He's undersized (5'10"") and overpowered in physical battles, and he is dreadful defensively. Dallas can make it work because he'll be able to deploy on the third line in sheltered minutes.
Cody Ceci is the type of defensive player that coaches seem to love more than the stats do. He's decent at defending against the rush and he makes simple plays with the puck, usually throwing it off the glass from the defensive zone. The major problem with Ceci is that his style of play leaves his team spending way too much time out of possession, and he does not do nearly enough to prevent scoring chances. Perhaps he was overexposed in San Jose, but he's barely proven to be a third-pairing defenseman on better NHL teams. No doubt the Stars need defensive depth, but Ceci is unlikely to be the answer.
To be fair to Dallas, options are limited at both center and on right defense, and the Stars absolutely need reinforcements. A first-round pick for Granlund isn't ideal, but the recent injury to Yanni Gourde leaves no other rentals available who come even close to Granlund's talent. Pertaining to him, maybe Dallas did what it had to do.
But if Ceci is the team's conception of how to complement Heiskanen and Harley, then their defense will remain a big worry heading into the playoffs.
Grade: C

The state of affairs is straightforward in San Jose. This season hasn't been the exercise in nihilism that 2023-24 was, but the Sharks remain unmistakably in rebuild mode. Mikael Granlund will soon be 33 and will be an unrestricted free agent in July. Cody Ceci is 31 and is also an impending UFA.
Granlund is a middle-six center and, in most markets, he'd probably bring in a second-round pick plus a lesser asset. To get a first in return for him is great business by GM Mike Grier.
Meanwhile, Ceci barely qualifies as a useful depth defenseman, and a conditional third-round pick is two rounds better than he is worth.
Simply, it's difficult to see how the Sharks could have gotten better value than these two by waiting any longer. It's a weak rental market, and San Jose reaps the rewards.
Grade: A"
36,2025-02-01,"To leave a comment, click the button on the top of this page to sign in with Google."
37,2025-02-01,"The high fashion industry has always been synonymous with thinness, but for a brief moment in the 2010s, the body positivity movement was at the forefront.
It promised a revolution of accepting bodies of all shapes and sizes, welcomed curves and advocated for inclusion, particularly on the runway.
But 10 years on, industry insiders tell us things have shifted. Was body positivity a flash-in-the-pan trend? And with help with weight loss medication such as Ozempic, is skinny back for good?
We speak to designers, casting agents and models at Paris Fashion Week to investigate what is happening. 
The body positivity movement finds its origins in the hazy days of the 1960s and was helped by icons like Marilyn Monroe who broadened Hollywood's rigid beauty standard.
It was brought to the forefront again in the 2010s, when Instagram was launched and influencers began to highlight fashion and beauty outside of the glossy magazines and runways.
Helping this was the celebrity Kardashian family, whose curves triggered BBLs  (Brazilian butt lift surgery) around the world.
Enrika, a 28-year-old plus-sized model, said: ""When the body positivity movement emerged, it felt incredibly empowering and liberating.""
""It felt like an act of rebellion - what had always been criticised was now being appreciated. It was as if we had finally had enough of being judged.""
Plus-size models were being booked for big brands, including Rihanna's highly coveted lingerie label, 'Savage x Fenty' which launched in 2018.
The brand, valued at $1bn, became known for its runway extravaganzas, reminiscent of a modern alternative to the iconic Victoria's Secret shows, but this time with every body type on display.
Felicity Hayward, a 36-year-old plus-sized model, reflects on being scouted in 2011.
""When I got that call from my first modelling agency Storm - who discovered Kate Moss - I thought I was being punk'd,"" she said.
""Before the 2010s, attitudes around bigger bodies weren't positive and I never thought being a plus-size model was a possibility.
""Seeing that narrative change over the last decade and a half has been life changing both emotionally, physically and financially.""
But then around 2020, progress started to slow. And come the autumn and winter of 2024, of the 8,800 looks across 230 shows, just 0.8 per cent were on plus-size models, Vogue reports.
At the same time, a new weight loss drug used to treat diabetes came onto the market and skyrocketed in popularity.  Semaglutide, also known as Ozempic and Wegovy, curbs the appetite of users, and was approved by the NHS for weight loss in 2023. 
Celebrities including Elon Musk started crediting the drug for their newly slim frame and it was only a matter of time before that trickled down to consumers. 
As Ozempic and its counterparts become more commercially available for aesthetic purposes, industry insiders claim it has affected the body positivity movement. 
Model, Moya, said: ""We've seen how quickly the narrative shifted, with celebrities and influencers using surgeries or medication like Ozempic to chase what's considered 'in Vogue'.""
Another model, Jenny, said: ""When I realised skinny was back, it was positive because I was going to get more jobs. 
""But I've realised it means now I have to keep up. Now I have to be the skinniest.""
Even the editorial director of British Vogue said that the fashion industry ""should be concerned"" by a recent trend back to using more skinny models
Chioma Nnadi told BBC Radio 4's Today programme:  ""I do think maybe perhaps Ozempic has something to do with it."" 
""We're in this moment where we're seeing the pendulum sort of swing back to skinny being 'in' and often these things are treated like a trend and we don't want them to be.""
Then Berlin brand, Namilia, went viral for an ""I love Ozempic"" T-shirt on their 2024 Fashion Week runway.
""The 'I love Ozempic' tee really hit a nerve,"" laughed Nan Li, the brand's creative director who claims the T-shirt was satire. 
""With the rise of Ozempic, so many people are using it. Over the last few years, celebrities just lost weight and didn't talk about it.""
Fast-forward to January, when Men's AW25 Fashion Week lands in Paris and audiences get a litmus test in real-time of exactly where brands stand.
Aside from a selection of designers, including Rick Owens, LGN and Charles Jeffrey LOVERBOY, I can count on two hands how many plus-sized models I saw at a week of shows.
Nan Li said: ""Paris celebrates elitism, and elitism means skinny and white.""
""There's a handful of plus-sized models [at the shows] but they're not really plus - they're normal-sized. They are cast in every show to make the brand appear body positive.""
Amidst the hustle and bustle of fashion week, Shaun Beyen, casting director for iconic French brand Fursac, told the BBC: ""The only motivation for a brand is to sell clothes - that's it. I don't think we need to lie about this.
""Brands adopted body positivity in the 2010s because in part they saw it as a commercial opportunity, and when they saw it was no longer performing as they would hope in 2020, they hopped off.""
Beyen added: ""Full transparency - I don't really want to see clothes on someone like me. I want to see it on somebody I aspire to look like.""
Gauthier Borsarello, Fursac's creative director, laughed in agreement and said: ""I hate my body. I don't want to see clothes on people like me.""
On the other hand, designers like Charles Jeffrey believe brands have a moral imperative to cast inclusively. ""Body positivity was never a trend for me,"" he said. ""It was an opportunity to start being responsible.""
Body positivity is knitted into the very fabric of Charles' brand, which takes inspiration from the queer nightlife scene. This is readily apparent throughout his Paris Fashion Week show.
The designer explained: ""The people in my shows are people I was clubbing with. It was never about models, it was my friends and their different body shapes. It was about the community I surrounded myself with.""
It seem the reality is that designers like Charles are the exception to the rule. As much as activists resist it, industry insiders confirm that body positivity is behind us.
Daniel Mitchell-Jones, co-founder of modelling agency Chapter Management, said: ""Yes, things have shifted. In 2020 and 2021, we saw so much more diversity and inclusion on the runways - but body-wise, that's taken a backseat now.""
Daniel said when he sends his curve models to castings, they're always pushed, but is often told the brand isn't interested this season.
Plus-size model Enrika told the BBC that not only are plus-sized models being booked less, their agents are actively struggling to secure work for them.
She explained: ""It's not unusual to see campaigns featuring four sample-size models and only one plus-size model. This can make you feel like you're just a token.""
Enrika said these brands sometimes often use tactics in campaigns to virtue-signal being inclusive - such as highlighting stretch marks on plus-sized models, whilst airbrushing them on others.
She said: ""It sends the message that 'We don't actually think you look as good as the slim models in our skirt. But we accept you because we are such kind-hearted good people, so please give us your hard-earned money', it's nasty work and I don't support it.""
If you want change, change your buying habits. At least, that's what Shaun Beyen, believes: ""Everything is consumer-driven"".
""It's this kind of vicious circle. Every fashion house gives their version of what they know the customer wants, it's their interpretation and it's up to the consumer.""
Gauthier Borsarello said: ""There's a famous French saying: 'If people stop producing, people will stop buying.' But the inverse is true. If people stop buying, we stop producing.
""No-one is forcing you to do anything. It's an education of the customer: In a polite way - educate yourself.""
And the one benefit of bodies as trends is that the pendulum will eventually swing back. Beyen said: ""Nothing is ever gone, especially not in fashion.""
Young designers are hoping Wales' mining legacy can help fashion in the country find its voice. 
As the Oscars approach, Kate Young talks risk taking, intimacy – and why method dressing drives her ""nuts"".
In September, an inquiry found charity money was being spent on luxury hotels and spa treatments.
Dame Anna removed her trademark dark glasses to accept her award at Buckingham Palace.
Shein's re-entry to the Indian market comes with strict terms, which include saving all data within the country. 
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
38,2025-02-01,"Business Insider Edition 
One of the solutions to New York City's housing shortage — adding extra units in attics, basements, and backyards — is already running into a slew of regulatory hurdles.

        Under the city's zoning reforms, certain one- and two-family building owners will be allowed to add a so-called ""accessory dwelling unit"" to rent out, house a family member, or live in themselves. Homeowners could boost the value of their property and bring in extra income while creating more homes in a city facing a dire housing shortage. The change would also help bring many of the city's tens of thousands of existing basement units into compliance with health and safety codes.
    

        But the city's new law restricts ADUs in several ways, including by banningADUs on lots with attached rowhomes or townhouses and on lots more than half a mile from a mass transit station. The law also prohibits ground-floor and basement ADUs in areas prone to coastal flooding and inland flooding during heavy rain. A backyard ADU can cover no more than a third of the yard and can't be added in historic districts.
    

        ADUs aren't just subject to city regulations. New York State's Multiple Dwelling Law (MDL) requires that buildings with three or more units have features one might associate with a large apartment building. For example, the law requires sprinklers in every unit and a certain ceiling height in basements, both of which can be prohibitively costly to add to an existing building.
    

        ""A lot of the sites that might be able to add an ADU would trigger the MDL and, therefore, wouldn't really be viable from a design perspective,"" said Marcel Negret, the director of land-use planning at the Regional Plan Association, a pro-housing nonprofit focused on the tri-state area.
    

        Casey Berkovitz, the press secretary for the Department of City Planning, said the City is still examining how the MDL will apply to ADU construction, but agrees it would make it harder to add basement and attic ADUs in existing two-family homes.
    

        There are exceptions. Building a new detached ADU wouldn't implicate the MDL because it's not part of an existing building, Berkovitz noted. And certain neighborhoods across the city are part of a new basement legalization effort that exempts them from certain MDL restrictions.
    

        The state legislature could amend the MDL to reduce barriers for ADUs in New York City — something the City has asked it to do, said Eric Kober, a senior fellow at the conservative Manhattan Institute and former planner with the City. But he's not optimistic state lawmakers will get on board, adding, ""There's no indication that it's on their radar or something that they're interested in doing.""
    

        Kober argued that the City's requirement that homeowners live on the lot they add an ADU is the most counter-productive of the regulations because it would prevent private developers from building ADUs.
    

        The NYC government last fall said it expected that fewer than one in 200 eligible homeowners would choose to add an ADU to their property in a given year.
    

        Negret estimated just a few thousand of the 82,000 additional homes the city is expected to add over the next 15 years under City of Yes will be ADUs. That's down from between 26,000 and 40,000 ADUs the city expected to add under the original version of its reforms, which were significantly reined in by the city council.
    

        ""My conclusion is, yes, ADUs are technically legal, but there's still a long, long way to go before they could be a much more significant share of a growing housing stock,"" Negret told Business Insider.
    

        The city is still developing new rules that will impact ADU construction. This includes creating updated flood maps, which will likely further restrict where ADUs are allowed. It's unclear when the City will finalize the rulemaking process.
    

        Eventually, the City says it will create a ""one-stop shop"" website to guide homeowners through the ADU construction process, including a set of pre-approved designs.
    

        New York is following in the footsteps of cities such as Los Angeles and Seattle that view ADUs as low-hanging fruit in the quest for more affordable housing. After California loosened its restrictions on ADUs, the extra units made up nearly 20% of new homes built in 2023.
    

        But progress tends to be slow. ADU legalization alone isn't usually enough to prompt lots of new construction. In some cities and towns, local land-use laws, permitting, and other regulations have stood in the way. Owner-occupancy requirements, off-street parking mandates, and discretionary permit reviews are among the most burdensome rules.
    

        Just over a year ago, the NYC government rolled out a pilot grant program — called ""Plus One ADU"" — that awarded 15 homeowners with up to nearly $400,000 in funding per household to build an extra dwelling in their backyard, basement, or attic. The city has since expanded that program, but it applies only to lots that are already zoned to accommodate another unit.
    

        ""ADUs are a proven tool in cities across the country to support working families with extra space, additional income, and the opportunity to age in place,"" Dan Garodnick, the director of the New York City Department of City Planning, told Business Insider in a December statement.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
39,2025-02-01,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank the.barbrR
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank the.barbrR
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank SpEddie
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. "
40,2025-02-01,"What is LeBron James' fantasy value in 2025, and in what situations might it be worth trading him? Eric Moody takes a closer look."
41,2025-02-01,"2 / 11
Nvidia (NVDA) addressed its tumbling stock on Monday by saying Chinese artificial intelligence startup DeepSeek will need more of its chips for new models. 
Read More
3 / 11
A Chinese artificial intelligence startup is rattling Silicon Valley and Wall Street after it demonstrated AI models on par with OpenAI’s — for a fraction of the cost and energy. 
Read More
4 / 11
Chinese artificial intelligence startup DeepSeek said it would temporarily limit signups after being the victim of “large-scale malicious attacks” on its servers. 
Read More
5 / 11
After traders sold off global technology stocks en masse Monday on news of a Chinese artificial intelligence competitor, some aren’t too concerned with DeepSeek’s seemingly meteoric rise. 
Read More
6 / 11
Big Tech’s multi-billion dollar spending on artificial intelligence will be under investor scrutiny this week — even more so after China’s DeepSeek sent shockwaves through Wall Street and Silicon Valley with a cheap yet competitive AI model. 
Read More
7 / 11
The White House is looking into national security concerns over Chinese artificial intelligence app DeepSeek after its developer prompted a global tech sell-off. 
Read More
8 / 11
Microsoft (MSFT) and OpenAI are investigating whether a group connected to the Chinese AI startup DeepSeek accessed OpenAI’s data without permission, according to a new report. 
Read More
9 / 11
Microsoft (MSFT) shares fell by around 5% during after-hours trading on Wednesday after it reported Azure cloud computing growth toward the bottom range of expectations. 
Read More
10 / 11
The Chinese artificial intelligence company says its R1 model performs on par with OpenAI’s reasoning model for less cost and energy
11 / 11"
42,2025-02-01,The Nebraska Cornhuskers may cancel their annual spring game because of coach Matt Rhule's concern about other teams poaching his players via the transfer portal.
43,2025-02-01,"The 2025 NAMM Show is over. Every year music gear manufacturers, ranging from iconic synth brands like Korg, to boutique guitar pedal makers like Walrus Audio, and even companies making fog machines and knobs descend on Anaheim to show off their latest wares.…"
44,2025-02-01,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. 
 This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank schlack
 This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. "
45,2025-02-01,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. "
46,2025-02-01,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank c2nah777
 This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. "
47,2025-02-01,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's top financial market regulator said on Saturday that ""stabilising the market, stabilising confidence and stabilising expectations"" were priorities as the government works to provide better access to capital for leading technology.
Wu Qing, who took over as the head of China's Securities Regulatory Commission a year ago when China's stock markets were sliding, said regulators had been working to restore confidence since late September, when Beijing rolled out a series of stimulus measures.
Those measures, Wu said, support President Xi Jinping's goal of making China a ""financial power"" and creating capital-market funding opportunities for companies with innovative technology.
""In today's world, finance is a battleground for the great powers,"" Wu said in remarks published by Qiushi, the official policy publication of the Chinese Communist Party.
China's blue-chip CSI300 index is up more than 20% since Beijing unveiled monetary and fiscal stimulus in late September, although the market has shed more than half its initial gains.
Many overseas investors want more clarity on U.S. President Donald Trump's plans for China and Beijing's response.
Trump said on Friday he was imposing 10% tariffs on goods from China, as well as 25% levies on imports from Canada and Mexico. He had said in a Fox News interview aired on Thursday, however, that he believed he could make a deal with China on trade.
Wu said in his essay that the focus for capital markets in China had shifted from ""scale expansion"" to more targeted support for key technologies, in line with Xi's priority for development of industries like artificial intelligence, biosciences, robotics and others the president has labelled ""new productive forces"".
The regulator said despite the scale of China's stock and bond markets - the world's second-largest - and the number of listed companies, there was not enough financing support for innovation.
""The structure is not reasonable. The scientific and technological content of listed companies is too low, and the market has not fully played its role in supporting innovation and industrial innovation,"" he said.
(Reporting by Kevin Krolicki; Editing by William Mallard)
Sign in to access your portfolio"
48,2025-02-01,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon isn’t one to sugarcoat his views on the economy — and his latest take on the stock market is anything but reassuring.
“Asset prices are kind of inflated,” Dimon told CNBC on Jan. 22 at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. “I’m talking about the U.S. stock market.”
Rich, young Americans are ditching the stormy stock market — here are the alternative assets they're banking on instead
One dozen eggs in America now costs $4.15 — and $14.35 for a pound of sirloin steak. Both record highs. 3 simple ways to protect your wealth in 2025
These 5 magic money moves will boost you up America's net worth ladder in 2025 — and you can complete each step within minutes. Here's how
His concern isn’t without merit. The U.S. stock market has been on a tear in recent years, with the S&P 500 soaring 23% in 2024 after an impressive 24% gain in 2023. Over the past five years, the benchmark index has skyrocketed over 80%, fueling fears that valuations may be running too hot.
Dimon has expressed caution before. According to Reuters, he told investors in May he was “cautiously pessimistic” about the economy. And he’s not alone.
Legendary investor Jim Rogers warned last year that America was “long overdue for a problem” and that the next crash could be the “worst” in his lifetime.
If you share these concerns, here are some strategies to protect your portfolio.
When markets look shaky, investors often turn to gold — and for good reason. The precious metal is seen as a store of value, offering protection against inflation, economic downturns and stock market volatility.
Rogers has long been a proponent of precious metals as a hedge against uncertainty. In an October interview with Wealthion, he explained why he continues to hold gold and silver.
“I know from history that the world is going to have problems again … and when the world has problems … it’s nice to have some gold in the closet, or under the bed, have some silver in the closet,” he said. “Because no matter what, many people will turn to gold and silver in times of turmoil.”
Even though markets aren’t in crisis mode, investors have been piling into precious metals. Gold has climbed around 35% over the past year, surpassing $2,700 per ounce, while silver has posted impressive gains of around 36%, reaching over $30 per ounce.
Read more: Commercial real estate has beaten the stock market for 25 years — here's how savvy investors can become the landlord of Walmart, Whole Foods or Kroger
Gold and silver are also widely considered effective hedges against inflation. Unlike fiat currency, these metals cannot be printed in unlimited quantities by central banks.
It’s easy to invest in precious metals these days. Investors can buy physical bullion, own shares of gold and silver mining companies, invest in precious metals ETFs and even tap into potential tax advantages through a gold IRA.
Dimon also expressed skepticism to CNBC about inflation cooling in the near future.
For investors looking to diversify beyond stocks and shield their wealth from the impacts of inflation, real estate remains a compelling choice.
Historically, property values tend to rise alongside inflation, reflecting the increasing costs of materials, labor and land. At the same time, rental income often climbs, providing landlords with a steady revenue stream that adjusts with the cost of living.
This combination of appreciation and inflation-adjusted income can make real estate a valuable asset for preserving and growing wealth — especially in times of economic uncertainty.
These days, investing in real estate doesn’t require purchasing a property outright. One popular option is publicly traded real estate investment trusts (REITs), which own income-producing properties, collect rent from tenants and distribute a portion of that income to shareholders as dividends.
Another alternative is real estate crowdfunding platforms, which allow everyday investors to own shares in rental properties without hefty down payments or the responsibilities of property management. Depending on your preferences, you can gain exposure to residential properties or even grocery-anchored commercial real estate, all without the traditional barriers to entry.
‘I’ve gotten beat’: Mark Cuban admits that after pumping $20,000,000 into 85 startups on Shark Tank, he’s down across all those deals combined — 3 simple lessons to take into 2025
I'm 49 years old and have nothing saved for retirement — what should I do? Don't panic. Here are 5 of the easiest ways you can catch up (and fast)
A near-record number of Americans are grappling with $1,000 car payments and many drivers can't keep up. Here are 3 ways to stay ahead
This article provides information only and should not be construed as advice. It is provided without warranty of any kind.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
49,2025-02-01,"
I have been using a Macbook for almsot two decades so I don’t really need to have an external keyboard. I am also not a PC gamer so I don’t need to have all those fancy devices that you can use on your computer or laptop to make the gaming experience faster and better. But when I see those fancy and colorful keyboards that my friends post, I’m sometimes tempted to get one just to try out all the bells and whistles and also to hear myself clickety clacking on this keyboard instead of my mostly quiet Macbook’s built-in one.
Designer: NuPhy








The brand NuPhy has been making a name for itself in the mechanical keyboard market but their newest one, the Field75 HE Keyboard is the first one that is heavily designed and promoted as a gaming keyboard. While they say it’s also for productivity as well, most of the extra things that this keyboard gives will appeal mostly for those who are casually and heavily into gaming. It is also compatible with Windows, macOS, Linux, Android, and iOS so whatever gadget you’re using, the keyboard can be an accessory. From its retro-futuristic aesthetic to the various cogs and tools alongside the usual keyboard things, this has kind of broken the mold when it comes to mechanical keyboards. 








For one, it has eight macro keys, four on the left side of the device and four below the spacebar. They act more like mouse buttons than regular keys and the click clacks are different from the sound of the other keys. You can remap their functions but the default are mostly for media controls and shortcuts. The cogwheel on the left side controls lighting while the toggle switch lets you swap between the three onboard memory profiles. There is also a volume wheel with a knurled aluminum placed on the edge of the keyboard. These cutting-edge Hall Effect magnetic switches really put this keyboard on top of most that are available in the market.



Aside from the design, the technical specs of the NuPhy Field75 HE Keyboard also make it different from its competitors. It has adjustable actuation from 0.1mm to 4.0mm, rapid trigger functionality, and an 8,000Hz polling rate. You will be able to adjust and customize things like key sensitivity, per-key rapid trigger, etc. You can also have multiple functions for some of the keys. So whether you’re using it for serious gaming or for rapid productivity purposes, the keyboard may be able give you more than just typing out keys for your screen.



Travelers know the frustration: your bag is neatly packed with essentials, but then—there it is—a bulky, awkward toothbrush taking up precious space. Or worse, a…
Feeling overwhelmed with all the information flooding your way, whether they’re from meetings, clients, or news in general? Ever felt that there are now even…
Design for so many people is such a visual medium, one must ask oneself… If you remove sight from the design experience, does it still…
Coo.boo is a digital cookbook that can be used and stored alongside your other kitchen tools. Although it is a high-tech digital device, Coo.boo can…
If you’re anywhere near a laptop, spend a second looking at the keyboard it contains. Chances are, the keyboard you’re looking at has a 65%…
When you come to think of it, it’s always the technology and materials used that shoot up the cost of a mobile phone. Compromising on…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
50,2025-02-01,"
        Broadcom (NASDAQ: AVGO) had an incredible 2024, with the stock more than doubling. After a run-up like that, many investors might wonder how much upside potential is left -- if any.Broadcom is in a great position in the artificial intelligence (AI) industry. It helps design custom AI…
    "
51,2025-02-01,"Stock Trading
Maximise Returns by Investing in the Right Companies
By - The Economic Times, Get Certified By India's Top Business News Brand
Stock Trading
Market 104: Options Trading: Kickstart Your F&O Adventure
By - Saketh R, Founder- QuickAlpha, Full Time Options Trader
Stock Trading
Technical Analysis for Everyone - Technical Analysis Course
By - Abhijit Paul, Technical Research Head, Fund Manager- ICICI Securities
Stock Trading
Stock Markets Made Easy
By - elearnmarkets, Financial Education by StockEdge
Stock Trading
Renko Chart Patterns Made Easy
By - Kaushik Akiwatkar, Derivative Trader and Investor
Stock Trading
Candlesticks Made Easy: Candlestick Pattern Course
By - elearnmarkets, Financial Education by StockEdge
Stock Trading
Market 101: An Insight into Trendlines and Momentum
By - Rohit Srivastava, Founder- Indiacharts.com
Stock Trading
Markets 102: Mastering Sentiment Indicators for Swing and Positional Trading
By - Rohit Srivastava, Founder- Indiacharts.com
Stock Trading
Market 103: Mastering Trends with RMI and Techno-Funda Insights
By - Rohit Srivastava, Founder- Indiacharts.com
Stock Trading
Dow Theory Made Easy
By - Vishal Mehta, Independent Systematic Trader
Stock Trading
ROC Made Easy: Master Course for ROC Stock Indicator
By - Souradeep Dey, Equity and Commodity Trader, Trainer
Stock Trading
RSI Made Easy: RSI Trading Course
By - Souradeep Dey, Equity and Commodity Trader, Trainer
Stock Trading
Heikin Ashi Trading Tactics: Master the Art of Trading
By - Dinesh Nagpal, Full Time Trader, Ichimoku & Trading Psychology Expert
Stock Trading
RSI Trading Techniques: Mastering the RSI Indicator
By - Dinesh Nagpal, Full Time Trader, Ichimoku & Trading Psychology Expert
Stock Trading
Introduction to Technical Analysis & Candlestick Theory
By - Dinesh Nagpal, Full Time Trader, Ichimoku & Trading Psychology Expert
Govt needs to be a little bold, do more on privatisation for market to recover: Arvind Sanger
Budget 2025: India story can’t be over by 10-15% market correction; this Budget looking at capex & fiscal path beyond 2026: Madhu Kela
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Go, Goa, (not) gone? This is what a realty check on Goa will tell you.
With more cash in pocket, will the missing urban consumer return to the shops?
Defence, PSE stocks: Why yesterday’s market darlings may not be the stars of tomorrow
Now that tariffs are here, what's in store for the WTO?
Falling market share to record Jan sales, things that can make Maruti great again
A serious concern: India’s desperate need to induct a new air defence system
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Prime Articles
Top Performing MF
Top Definitions
Top Commodities
Top Slideshow
Top Story Listing
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 35% off on ETPrime







₹

90 Days Prime access worth Rs999 unlocked for you
Stories you might be interested in"
52,2025-02-01,"Stock Trading
Maximise Returns by Investing in the Right Companies
By - The Economic Times, Get Certified By India's Top Business News Brand
Stock Trading
Market 104: Options Trading: Kickstart Your F&O Adventure
By - Saketh R, Founder- QuickAlpha, Full Time Options Trader
Stock Trading
Technical Analysis for Everyone - Technical Analysis Course
By - Abhijit Paul, Technical Research Head, Fund Manager- ICICI Securities
Stock Trading
Stock Markets Made Easy
By - elearnmarkets, Financial Education by StockEdge
Stock Trading
Renko Chart Patterns Made Easy
By - Kaushik Akiwatkar, Derivative Trader and Investor
Stock Trading
Candlesticks Made Easy: Candlestick Pattern Course
By - elearnmarkets, Financial Education by StockEdge
Stock Trading
Market 101: An Insight into Trendlines and Momentum
By - Rohit Srivastava, Founder- Indiacharts.com
Stock Trading
Markets 102: Mastering Sentiment Indicators for Swing and Positional Trading
By - Rohit Srivastava, Founder- Indiacharts.com
Stock Trading
Market 103: Mastering Trends with RMI and Techno-Funda Insights
By - Rohit Srivastava, Founder- Indiacharts.com
Stock Trading
Dow Theory Made Easy
By - Vishal Mehta, Independent Systematic Trader
Stock Trading
ROC Made Easy: Master Course for ROC Stock Indicator
By - Souradeep Dey, Equity and Commodity Trader, Trainer
Stock Trading
RSI Made Easy: RSI Trading Course
By - Souradeep Dey, Equity and Commodity Trader, Trainer
Stock Trading
Heikin Ashi Trading Tactics: Master the Art of Trading
By - Dinesh Nagpal, Full Time Trader, Ichimoku & Trading Psychology Expert
Stock Trading
RSI Trading Techniques: Mastering the RSI Indicator
By - Dinesh Nagpal, Full Time Trader, Ichimoku & Trading Psychology Expert
Stock Trading
Introduction to Technical Analysis & Candlestick Theory
By - Dinesh Nagpal, Full Time Trader, Ichimoku & Trading Psychology Expert
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Go, Goa, (not) gone? This is what a realty check on Goa will tell you.
With more cash in pocket, will the missing urban consumer return to the shops?
Defence, PSE stocks: Why yesterday’s market darlings may not be the stars of tomorrow
Now that tariffs are here, what's in store for the WTO?
Falling market share to record Jan sales, things that can make Maruti great again
A serious concern: India’s desperate need to induct a new air defence system
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Slideshow
Top Performing MF
Top Prime Articles
Top Definitions
Top Story Listing
Top Commodities
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 35% off on ETPrime







₹

90 Days Prime access worth Rs999 unlocked for you
Stories you might be interested in"
53,2025-02-01,"
        'Mad Money' host Jim Cramer looks at next week's market moving moments.
    "
54,2025-02-01,"This story incorporates reporting from  moneycontrol.com, stockhead and Reuters on MSN.com.Gold prices have hit an all-time high, surging to $2,800 per ounce. This underscores gold’s role as a safe-haven asset amid market volatility. The rise comes amid ongoing economic uncertainties, driven by factors like fluctuating currencies and geopolitical tensions, which have traditionally led investors to pivot toward gold as a stable investment option.
The latest spike in gold prices is a reflection of mounting concerns over global economic stability. Recent economic data indicates turbulence in both mature and emerging markets. Investors, wary of potential downturns, tend to gravitate toward assets that can preserve value over time, propelling the demand for gold. Historically, times of financial instability have seen a correlated increase in gold investments.
Moreover, international geopolitical tensions are also contributing to this upward trend. Ongoing conflicts and trade disputes have heightened fears of economic disruptions. These global events often lead to increased buying activity in the gold market, as nations and individuals seek to hedge against potential financial crises. As a result, gold continues to assert its status as a preferred hedge against geopolitical and financial risk.
The record-breaking price surge is not solely based on present economic conditions. Gold is also being buoyed by speculation and future economic forecasts. Analysts are closely monitoring interest rate policies from central banks worldwide. Lower interest rates typically decrease the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding assets like gold, making it a more attractive investment. Consequently, any shifts in U.S. Federal Reserve or other major central banks’ policies could further impact gold’s price trajectory.
Despite the current peak, analysts remain divided on whether the upward trend will persist. Some predict that if economic and political conditions remain unstable, gold could continue to rise. Others caution that any signs of economic recovery or stabilization could see a reversal in gold investments, as investors move back to riskier assets with potentially higher returns. 
 Quartz Intelligence Newsroom uses generative artificial intelligence to report on business trends. This is the first phase of an experimental new version of reporting. While we strive for accuracy and timeliness, due to the experimental nature of this technology we cannot guarantee that we’ll always be successful in that regard. If you see errors in this article, please let us know at qi@qz.com.
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
55,2025-02-01,"

      Jeff Brady
    


                Then-candidate Donald Trump at an October campaign event in Pennsylvania.
                
                    
                    Alex Brandon/AP
                    
                
hide caption

President Trump wants to redirect the federal government away from former President Joe Biden's climate agenda and toward an even deeper embrace of fossil fuels.
""We will drill, baby, drill,"" Trump said to cheers from supporters at his inauguration speech on Jan. 20.
His burst of climate and energy executive orders was quickly heaped with praise by fossil fuel industry groups and their supporters, who see a brighter future under Trump for oil and gas, coal and plastics.
Repeating a policy from his first term, Trump started the yearlong process to withdraw from the Paris Agreement, in which countries agreed to limit climate pollution and avoid the worst effects of global warming. Trump also declared a national energy emergency and temporarily stopped new wind energy projects on federal land and in federal waters.
With the flurry of activity, it may be tempting to think that much of the U.S. climate and energy landscape has changed since Jan. 20. But it really hasn't. That's because human-caused climate change and the United States' energy system are massive, complicated systems that don't change quickly, even if a president wants them to.
Biden left office having put in place the most ambitious climate agenda of any previous president. In 2022, with help from Democratic lawmakers, he signed the Inflation Reduction Act. The law directs hundreds of billions of dollars to boost renewable energy, electric cars and cleaner manufacturing. His administration also drafted sweeping new rules to clean up pollution from cars and power plants.
He described the package as ""the most significant action ever on climate in the history of the world."" None of that can be easily undone by an executive order from Trump.
Instead, the new president's orders pause funding from the Inflation Reduction Act and another law known as the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law. Trump also directed agencies to research what they can do to implement his priorities and ordered his administration to start long rule-making processes to reverse Biden-era regulations. 
He'll have to work with Republicans in Congress to overturn parts of the Inflation Reduction Act that he opposes. Even that will be difficult because a lot of the money is going to Republican congressional districts, where members are lobbying to keep those benefits.
""Energy and climate policy, which is complex, is not a speedboat,"" says Amy Myers Jaffe, director of the Energy, Climate Justice, and Sustainability Lab at New York University. ""You don't turn the wheel and the boat immediately turns around. It's more like an aircraft carrier.""
And just like a giant carrier, policymaking moves slowly.
Jaffe points to estimates that a lot more electricity will be needed to power data centers and manufacturing in coming years. ""You might think that means we've got to build, build, build natural gas,"" Jaffe says. But it takes years to design, permit and construct a new gas-fired power plant, especially if a pipeline has to be built to supply it.
She says other climate-friendly technologies are quicker to deploy. Consumers can opt in, for example, to what's called demand response, which Jaffe says allows utilities to turn thermostats up or down to use less energy when power is needed on the grid. ""Those kinds of systems can be put in really rapidly, and more and more utilities are looking at them,"" she says.
This means that even though Trump might prefer a coal- or gas-fired power plant to generate the electricity, Jaffe says market forces might still lead utilities to choose a cleaner, cheaper option.
The complexity that Jaffe refers to works both ways. Despite Biden's climate agenda, U.S. oil and gas production increased dramatically during his time in office. Now, the U.S. produces more oil than any country in history.
And despite Trump's call to ""drill, baby, drill,"" most oil companies show little interest in producing more, over concerns that increased supply would lower the cost of oil.
During his first term, Trump was a coal industry booster. In 2019, he tried to save an individual coal-fired power plant operated by the federally owned Tennessee Valley Authority. Despite Trump's intervention, the plant closed. The utility saved money by replacing it with electricity generated from natural gas and renewable energy.
For his second term, Trump's administration appears more organized in pursuing a fossil fuel agenda, according to Jackson Ewing, director of energy and climate policy at Duke University's Nicholas Institute.
""They have come out at the very beginning of the administration with a flurry of different executive orders that all have a certain degree of consistency with each other, in terms of their efforts to prioritize oil and gas and deprioritize other forms of electricity,"" says Ewing.
Ewing says there are limits on the federal government that could hinder Trump. ""States and municipalities … still have a lot of power over what happens at those subnational levels,"" he says.
Many state and local governments have climate plans of their own. And, as with the first Trump administration, those governments have banded together to tell other countries that they're still serious about meeting the goals in the Paris Agreement.
Companies in the private sector also have climate plans they are unlikely to abandon.
""They're making decadal-level investments and decisions that transcend presidential administrations,"" says Ewing. ""They see some political risk in operating as though decarbonization and climate commitments are gone forever.""
Ewing says there are a lot of uncertainties about where these Trump executive orders will lead, because they contain few details. As those details emerge, he says, there likely will be legal challenges. Ewing says that for now, the orders can be seen as sending a message.
""And that message is that we're not in this business of energy transition anymore as a federal government, and that if you are going to stay in the good graces of our administration, then you need to follow suit,"" Ewing says.
He believes the country turning back to fossil fuels could run counter to the country's long-term interests. Ewing points to a trajectory toward cleaner forms of energy around the world.
""There is enormous potential in the energy transition both for the U.S. and global environmental health, but also for job creation and economic vitality and global competitiveness,"" Ewing says. Focusing on fossil fuels now could make it more difficult for the U.S. to dominate those emerging industries in the future.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
56,2025-02-01,"
SAN ANSELMO, CALIFORNIA - JANUARY 27: In this photo illustration, the DeepSeek app is displayed on ... [+] an iPhone screen on January 27, 2025 in San Anselmo, California. Newly launched Chinese AI app DeepSeek has surged to number one in Apple's App Store and has triggered a sell-off of U.S. tech stocks over concerns that Chinese companies' AI advances could threaten the bottom line of tech giants in the United States and Europe. (Photo Illustration by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Technology happens quickly. This time two years ago, few people had heard about ChatGPT, and few investors knew what Nvidia did. On Jan. 6, 2023, I wrote a note entitled ‘Talos’ where I remarked …
’A recent development here is the arrival of ChatGPT an interactive ‘intelligent’ bot that has been developed by OpenAI (set up seven years ago to build socially constructive AI, and recently valued at USD 30bn). ChatGPT is catching on quickly, not least because students have found that it can write half decent essays. I recently tested it out, asking for a response to the question ‘Is globalization over?’- the result is below, and in my humble opinion is a good rendition of the kind of response that a ‘two handed economist’ might give (‘on one hand…on the other’). I think I can just about do better, and if there is any lesson to draw it is for human writers to be more opinionated, quirky or style driven in how they write. I am not out of a job just yet.
I am still writing, and don’t use ChatGPT to do so. In January 2023, my presumption was that because ChatGPT had already been in place for some time, investors knew about it and had factored it into share prices (the theory of efficient markets in finance says that all publicly available information is quickly reflected in market prices). This was not the case, and with hindsight, I realize that students of economic and finance of the 1990’s spent far too much time imbibing the ‘efficient markets hypothesis’, which was a big thing at the time and the big guns of academic finance raged about it into the 2000’s. I suspect that more people today believe markets are rigged than efficient, with the rigging done by vampire squid type funds and central banks, to name a few culprits.
The performance of AI centric stocks (notably Nvidia) shows that the early promise of AI was underestimated, perhaps to the extent to which it is overestimated today. Indeed, the concentration of the top 10 companies in the U.S. stock market (they make up 40% of the market capitalization) is as high as it only has been in 1930. In that context, the apparent supplanting of ChatGPT by DeepSeek in the Apple app store is a reality check.
It is also an efficient markets check. I had seen the initial model test results from DeepSeek at the start of this year (Azeem Azhar’s blog had mentioned it back in November, and also as far back as December 2023). To that end the technology world has been well aware of DeepSeek for months, so it is a surprise, and another slap in the face for efficient markets hypothesis (I am still a little obsessed about this).
Whatever about efficient markets, the advent of DeepSeek is a reminder of how the cycle of innovation in economies works, and will have some commentators rushing for their Schumpeter. The Austrian economist coined the term “creative destruction,” but his views on capitalism are worth re-reading for he believed that it would undermine itself (different cohorts or corporates would effectively block the system) and collapse. His work on business cycles is also well overdue a comeback.
We don’t quite know whether DeepSeek (who claim to have produced superior model results compared to ChatGPT and Claude AI for a fraction of the cost) have been helped by the Chinese state, whether any espionage is involved nor the extent to which they have piggybacked on work already done by U.S.-based teams. Nor is it too important that the bandwidth of the model is restricted in China and that it is unlikely to be widely used in the West.
The important development is that the cost of production threshold for large AI models has been set much lower. Other cheaper models are on the way, Bytedance's Doubao-1.5 or Moonshot's Kimi k1.5 are two emerging examples.
To that end, the first phase in the AI boom now comes to an end. Much like other key technology infrastructure breakthroughs – railway (railway companies made up 50% of the stock market in 1900), automobiles (France dominated the auto market from 1903 to 1929, at times manufacturing half of the world’s cars) to the internet (anyone remember AOL or Netscape”) – the initial innovation garners huge amounts of capital, is expected to change the world, which it does but often not in the ways investors expect. The legacy is usually a new web of infrastructure.
In the next phase of AI, Investors will now not likely pay up for model developers but will focus on unique datasets, applications of AI (health) and the AI industrial supply chain — energy for AI for example (see last week’s note ‘Humphrey’).
The view of the stock market, which quickly rebounded, is that the consumer is the winner — that DeepSeek opens up the prospect of cheaper, better AI for common use, and I think the investor conversation will turn to how this impacts consumption patterns and the way people work (from police officers to teachers). The fact that the stock market took the positive view of the DeepSeek news suggests that the AI bubble in stocks is alive and well.
Elsewhere in AI, model development is accelerating in a sinister way. In a paper titled “Frontier AI systems have surpassed the self-replicating red line,” scientists at Fudan University highlight how AI can build replicates of itself, and when this process runs into obstacles, demonstrate a survival instinct (such as rebooting hardware to fix errors). It strikes me that this is the real AI development we need to pay attention to.

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
57,2025-02-01,"Business Insider Edition 
This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with Stephen and Joanna Vargha, a married couple who moved from North Carolina to Cuenca, Ecuador, in 2020 after retiring early. Cuenca is located in the Andes mountains and has a population of about 600,000 people. Their interview has been edited for length and clarity.

Stephen: I heard about Cuenca, Ecuador, as a place to retire way back in 2010. I checked it out for a week in 2011 and visited some people I knew there. But I was only 53. So I put it in the back of my head.
    

        In early 2019, my work was taking a toll on me physically and mentally. I had worked at a television station in North Carolina for over 37 years. We already had a retirement house in a small mountain town in North Carolina, so we decided to move there.The plan was to leave my job and look for a one at half the pay because we could afford it. But after several monthsI couldn't get a job.
    

        We also realized the Affordable Care Act coverage was going to cost around $1,900 a month for the two of usand we were too young for Medicare. I didn't work my butt off for four decades to give my hard-earned money to the insurance companies.
    

        Then Joanna goes, ""Let's move to Cuenca."" This is a woman who had never been there, doesn't like big cities, grew up in a town of maybe 75,000 people when she left. I was like, ""Are you sure?"" But that's what we did. So I decided to retire at 61 when we moved to Ecuador.
    

Joanna: I retired around the same time at 56, and before that worked for an auto insurance website.
    

        We started talking about moving to Cuenca in May of 2019. We visited in September and looked at places. We moved in January 2020 and just barely missed the pandemic lockdown.
    

Stephen: You make friends so easily here. I've visited 29 countries, and I can emphatically say that the people in Cuenca are the friendliest people I have ever met.
    

Joanna: We have made so many dear friends here that we would never have back home. We would've had to stay working and been too busy. Now we do three-hour lunches here just catching up and having fun.
    

        There are so many things to do here, including art events and going to restaurants. There are lots of musical events. We have a free symphony and it's fabulous.
    

Stephen: Cuenca is becoming more of an international city. It's considered the arts capital of Ecuador and is called the ""Athens of Ecuador"" because of its culture and education.
    

        We speak a little Spanish, so we try to respect their culture and speak Spanish when we can, but some people here also speak English.
    

Stephen: There are an estimated 8,000 to 10,000 foreigners living in Cuenca, mostly from the US and Canada, with Europe at a distant number three. Facebook groups are a great way to meet people and the expat community is very helpful.
    

Joanna: You rely on each other.
    

Stephen: It's a fraction of the cost of living compared to a good portion of the US, like with housing and food. Our electric and water bills are much lower. Healthcare here is very affordable and good.
    

Joanna: There are some health things that you can't get done here. You have to go to Quito, about one hour away, or back to the states. But there's a lot of things here that you can get.
    

        A pallet of 30 farm-fresh eggs is like $4.25 here.Fresh produce at the market is also affordable. To ride a bus is 31 cents. A taxi across the city could cost you $6 including tip.
    

        A lot of expats don't even own cars because it's very walkable. We walk everywhere. It's the healthiest we've ever been.
    

Stephen: We average 35 miles a week. It didn't take long for me to lose my American weight, as I call it. I went from 192 to 168 — just by the fresher food, better food, and walking all around.
    

        There is also a great respect for older folks, and it's not just a cultural thing, it's part of the country's laws. There are discounts for older people, including on taxes, and even separate lines at the bank.
    

Stephen: One drawback about Cuenca is there's not an international airport. We usually have to fly to Quito.
    

        Communication can be terrible with vendors and government entities. Finding real estate listings is a little more difficult here, but we went to a real estate agent and she found our place for us.
    

        There are certain things you just can't buy here.
    

Joanna: When we go back to the US to visit we load up our suitcases with stuff to bring back with us. But that's changing literally every day. They're offering more stuff here.
    

Stephen: For people thinking about moving abroad, research is the most important thing. Facebook, blogs, get more than one source and make sure they're reliable. Definitely visit here.
    

Joanna: Try to make some local contacts who you can talk to because they'll help you ease into local life.
    

        And we would never suggest doing the visa process on your own. You need a visa lawyer or a facilitator to help you because the rules can change quickly. It wasn't hard to do with the help. We used a group in Ecuador called Visa Angels.
    

Joanna: We don't plan to leave Ecuador soon, but we are researching end-of-life continuous care right now.
    

Stephen: We may eventually have to move back to the US despite the high healthcare costs because they just don't have the same assisted living facility options here. But right now, we're very happy here.
    

Joanna: In the five years we've been here, we've had a pandemic, national protests, and one of the worst droughts in Ecuador's history.
    

        There's good and there's bad in any place that you live, but I like to say that when we knew we had to leave our home, we didn't make lemonade out of lemons. We made Limoncello and lemon pound cake.
    

        It's been such a wonderful adventure. I would've never dreamed that we would be able to do this.
    

Have a news tip or a story to share? Are you an American who has moved abroad? Contact this reporter at kvlamis@businessinsider.com.

 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
58,2025-02-01,"When you come at the king, you best not miss. Fortunately, it’s almost a given that Nvidia’s XX80 GPU would beat the XX90 graphics card that preceded it. That’s just how it tends to go. But we’ve been hearing rumblings of the RTX 5080 underperforming expectations since its original unveiling and Nvidia’s praise sweetened with such a heavy dose of AI. Our RTX 5080 review didn’t do much to change that tale.
So, how does the RTX 5080 compare to the RTX 4090? Can it compete? Does it offer a value upgrade for 30-series and 20-series owners looking for the best graphics card they can afford? Let’s find out.
The RTX 4090 debuted in October 2022 with an at-the-time record price for a top-consumer graphics card of $1,600. That price bounced around a lot during GPU shortages but ultimately remained relatively constant over the past few years. Stock of the card has all but disappeared at the time of writing, but used models have skyrocketed in price after the mediocre improvements of the RTX 5090. The 4090 is now priced between $1,500 and $2,500 even on second-hand markets.
The RTX 5080 is on sale now, but stock is extremely limited. Its suggested retail price is $1,000, but third-party cards are already up to $1,500, and shortages and scalpers may drive the price up further in the short term.
The RTX 5080 is, on paper, a weaker card than the RTX 4090, with around 50% fewer CUDA cores, fewer RT and Tensor cores (albeit from a later generation), 50% less memory, and a narrower memory bus. The RTX 5080 does have a higher boost clock and much faster memory, but we’d be hoping that the new Blackwell architecture does more of the heavy lifting of bridging the gap between these two cards.
The RTX 5080 is more efficient than the last-gen king, too, demanding just 360W, whereas the RTX 4090 could easily pull 450W when pushed hard.
Specs rarely tell the whole story, though, and they certainly don’t cover the new DLSS features that the RTX 5080 supports. Its next-generation Tensor cores let it utilize multi-frame generation, which has the potential to artificially boost frame rates in compatible games by quite some margin.
Real-world performance testing is always where the GPU rubber meets the gaming road, and unfortunately despite all its potential, the RTX 5080 really doesn’t impress. Its average performance across our suite of games at 4K and 1440p showed it as a very fast card, and 10-15% faster than the RTX 4080 Super that it’s replacing, but falling far short of the RTX 4090 when we don’t make use of the new multi-frame generation feature.
In 1440p the gap between the 5080 and 4090 is lessened, but the 4090 still holds sway, particularly in slightly older games.
Although we didn’t run into any VRAM issues during testing, it’s worth noting that super-demanding games like Alan Wake 2 have been shown to fill as much as 15GB of VRAM when running at full specifications, so we’re already seeing the 5080 potentially miss out on future gaming features because it just doesn’t have the VRAM room as the 4090 does.
Ray tracing performance does see the 5080 almost catch up with the 4090, and pull further ahead of the 4080 Super (as well as obliterating AMD’s alternatives), but the additional RT cores in the 4090 keep it more than relevant as the second-best RT graphics card out there — albeit at distance from the 5090.
The frame generation feature is the only real standout for the RTX 5080, and arguably its only big selling point for any 4080 or 4080 Super owners considering an upgrade. In compatible games, it can double or triple frame rates when enabled, though not all gamers will be willing to make the visual fidelity sacrifices that such a boost to FPS demands. The fewer tensor cores on the RTX 5080 (versus the 5090) means that its performance hit from enabling multi-frame gen is more pronounced, too, so you’re more likely to see the artifacts and other issues frame generation can cause.
Overall, the RTX 5080 is a better card than the 4080 Super, but it can’t quite eclipse the 4090 without its AI-augmented frame generation.
At this level of graphics card with these kinds of power demands, you know they are going to run hard and maybe hot, but with the coolers on these cards, they don’t actually get too toasty. The RTX 4090’s cooler is gigantic and still works really well at chilling down that toasty GPU, but the RTX 5080’s is far slimmer (dual slot!), making it a card that’s easier to fit into smaller form factor builds. That’s not nothing, but it’s a very minor selling point for an otherwise underwhelming GPU.
I wish there were enough RTX 4090s out there for everyone to buy at an affordable price because then I’d probably just recommend you buy that instead. It’s still incredibly fast, and though it does demand more power, it has boatloads of VRAM with no signs of saturation on the horizon. But I can’t. Because the RTX 4090 isn’t on sale anymore, and the second-hand options are massively overpriced.
So, where does that leave gamers with around $1,000 burning a hole in their pocket, looking for a GPU upgrade: The RTX 5080 — if you can find it at a good price. If you can’t, one of these might be better. It’s still an improvement over anything besides the 4090 and 5090 (and does get close to the former), and multi-frame generation might not be the game changer Nvidia wants it to be, but in the right setting, it makes a huge difference. There’s a reason we’ve all been using Lossless Scaling so much.
The RTX 5080 isn’t the big, new-gen card we’d hoped it would be, and it is absolutely not worth it if you’re already gaming on a 4080 or 4080 Super. For anyone else though, eh? It’s OK. It might be worth waiting to see whether the RX 9070 XT from AMD gets close at a fairer price, but that’s still a couple of months away. At the very least, don’t pay scalper prices for the 5080. It isn’t worth that.
The Nvidia RTX 5080 didn't blow the doors off our test rig when we put it through its paces, but it did show itself to be a very fast, modern GPU with a range of exciting features. But how much faster is it than its last-generation counterpart? And is it worth upgrading to if you're a generation behind?
If you'd rather just buy the best graphics card right now, we have a guide for that. But if you're curious how the RTX 5080 and 4080 Super match up, here's how.
Specs
Nvidia is launching its RTX 5090 and RTX 5080 graphics cards today -- read our RTX 5090 review and RTX 5080 review -- and the anticipation is clear. In Japan, multiple stores held a lottery to give attendees an equal chance at scoring one of Nvidia's best graphics cards, but the event ended in chaos, with screaming and the destruction of a sign at a kindergarten, according to VideoCardz.
The report of chaos came via X, where a user shared that ""angry shouts were heard"" as customers began lining up, and that ""some people even climbed over the fence of the kindergarten next door.""
The day is finally upon us -- Nvidia's best graphics cards are here, and you can buy them now. The RTX 5090 and the RTX 5080 are now available at various retailers, both online and in brick-and-mortar stores. There's just one problem: The cards may suffer from limited availability, so the sooner you shop, the better.
While we expect these GPUs to sell out quickly over the next few weeks, it's still possible to buy them today. Find out where to buy the RTX 5090 and the RTX 5080 today.
RTX 5090
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks."
59,2025-02-01,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
 SmartAsset and Yahoo Finance LLC may earn commission or revenue through links in the content below. 
A defensive investment strategy is designed to protect a portfolio from losing money during market downturns. This approach prioritizes stability over high returns and as a result earnings can be expected to lag behind during rising markets. A defensive strategy could help you preserve capital while still providing modest growth. A defensive portfolio is likely to be tilted toward lower-risk assets, such as investment grade bonds or dividend-paying stocks. Over the long run, a defensive strategy will generally produce lower returns than a more aggressive approach. However, investors who are conservative, approaching retirement or accumulating funds for short- and intermediate-term goals may elect to go with a defensive investment strategy.
If you want to develop a defensive investment strategy for your portfolio, a financial advisor can work with you in selecting investments and managing risk. 
Defensive investing describes an investment strategy designed to minimize risk and protect capital during periods of market volatility or economic downturns. Unlike aggressive investment approaches, which aim for high returns through riskier assets, defensive investing focuses on stability and preservation of wealth. This approach is often preferred by individuals who are nearing retirement, have lower risk tolerance or may need liquidity in the near intermediate term.
Defensive investments typically include assets that are less affected by market swings. These often involve sectors like utilities, healthcare and consumer staples, which provide essential goods and services people continue to need regardless of the economic climate. Stocks of companies within these sectors are known for steady earnings and consistent dividends, making them a cornerstone for defensive investors. Additionally, defensive strategies frequently incorporate bonds, which offer a predictable stream of income and are generally considered safer than stocks.
Having a defensive strategy doesn't guarantee that an investor won't ever lose money. However, it can be particularly beneficial during bear markets and periods of economic uncertainty. Defensive investing may also be useful when an investor is looking to protect gains they've already made.
In addition, defensive investing can be a sound strategy for those with short- to mid-term financial goals, as it reduces the risk of having to sell volatile assets during a market downturn in order fund planned expenditures. That said, even aggressive investors may incorporate defensive elements during times of heightened market instability to hedge against potential losses.
One of the foundational defensive strategies is diversification. Spreading investments across various asset classes such as stocks, bonds, real estate and cash reduces the impact of a poor performance in any one area. A well-diversified portfolio can weather market downturns better because losses in one sector may be offset by gains or stability in another.
Perhaps the most conservative strategy includes holding cash or cash equivalents, like money market funds. Cash provides matchless liquidity and safety during periods of market uncertainty. Having cash on hand allows you to take advantage of buying opportunities when markets drop or simply preserve your capital when you are unsure of the market's direction. The downside of holding cash is that its purchasing power can be reduced by inflation.
Dividend-paying stocks offer a combination of stability and income, making them appealing for defensive investors. Companies that pay dividends tend to be well-established and financially sound, providing a steady cash flow regardless of market conditions. Even if stock prices decline, dividends can offer a cushion by providing consistent returns.
Investing in government or highly-rated corporate bonds is another popular defensive move. Bonds provide fixed income and tend to be more stable than stocks, especially during economic downturns. U.S. Treasury bonds, for example, are considered one of the safest investments because they are backed by the federal government. While returns are lower, many defensive strategies feature them for the security they offer.
Blue-chip stocks issued by large, established companies with strong financials also appear in defensive portfolios. These well-known companies typically have a long history of steady earnings. While their stock prices may fluctuate, they are generally less volatile than smaller, riskier companies and tend to recover faster after market dips.
All investments carry some level of risk, whether from market volatility, economic shifts or company-specific issues. Without proper risk management, investors expose themselves to potentially severe financial consequences that could be avoided with foresight and planning.
One of the main objectives of risk management is to protect the investor's capital against partial or complete loss. By diversifying a portfolio and setting clear boundaries on how much to invest in high-risk assets, an investor can reduce the likelihood of losing a significant portion of their investment. This approach provides a cushion against downturns while allowing for a moderate level of long-term growth.
A well-defined risk management strategy also helps investors avoid the trap of emotional decision-making. When markets experience turbulence, it can be tempting to react impulsively. Investing to manage risk can help investors stay disciplined and make decisions based on logic rather than emotions.
Over time, markets fluctuate, but a solid risk management strategy can help stabilize an investment portfolio. Rather than chasing quick returns, successful investors often focus on long-term growth. By consistently applying risk management principles, they increase their chances of weathering market volatility and achieving financial stability over the years. A defensive strategy trades the prospect of market-beating returns for the comfort of less likelihood of loss.
A defensive investment strategy focuses on minimizing risk and protecting capital, especially in uncertain market conditions. This approach prioritizes stable, lower-risk investments like bonds, dividend-paying stocks and cash equivalents. While defensive strategies may offer lower potential returns when compared with more aggressive approaches, they provide a safeguard against significant losses, making them appealing for conservative investors or those nearing retirement. Ultimately, a defensive investment strategy emphasizes capital preservation over growth, aligning well with individuals seeking to maintain financial security while weathering market volatility.
A financial advisor can help you create and manage a portfolio. Finding a financial advisor doesn't have to be hard. SmartAsset's free tool matches you with vetted financial advisors who serve your area, and you can have a free introductory call with your advisor matches to decide which one you feel is right for you. If you're ready to find an advisor who can help you achieve your financial goals, get started now.
Asset allocation is a prime concern for investment and portfolio construction. SmartAsset's asset allocation calculator can help you select an asset mix that fits your personal risk tolerance and investment style.
Photo credit: ©iStock.com/KucherAV, ©iStock.com/LaylaBird, ©iStock.com/Deagreez
The post What Is a Defensive Investment Strategy? appeared first on SmartReads by SmartAsset.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
60,2025-02-01,"By Astrology.com
February 1, 2025
February is quiet on the work front, which is much needed after January’s transits. This month, you will be focusing more on how you assert yourself when Venus aligns with your sun on February 4 and get paid the income that you deserve. 
That will prove extra important during the Leo full moon on the twelfth. Be sure to stand up for yourself and demand that you are respected at work. You might even receive praise from your boss for all of your hard efforts and dedication. The caveat is that your colleagues might get a tad jealous of your success when the sun shifts into Pisces on February 18. It’s important to set boundaries with your coworkers to ensure that none of you overstep at this time. 
All will be forgiven when Mars turns direct on the twenty-third. You will be able to decipher who is your trusted colleague and who is not. Chances are you’ll be cutting the fat on a lot of people on your team who aren’t doing their due diligence and holding their weight on projects. Your input is important. Be open and honest with upper management as to who you feel should stay, go, and be transferred to another team or department. Your feedback on such matters is pivotal. Pay attention to what transcends.
February ends with major work news for you. The caveat is that it might not come your way until Mars ends its retrograde journey on February 23. 
The entrance of Venus to the sign of Aries and the spiritual sector of your chart on the third will bring new hope and invention to your emotions, giving you the chance to start fresh and find ingenuity in all relationships that you’re invested in. This might require you to stand up against upper management or your boss and push through all the red tape involved in implementing your professional visions into reality. 
No one knows more than you that change is hard, but it’s necessary. It’s time you bring your workplace into the future. Your creativity can help inspire everyone to step up their professional game and elevate their brand. Just be sure to keep a notebook handy all month to write down your novel ideas before you forget them. Also, don’t share with your coworkers as they might try to usurp your visions and pass them off as their own when Neptune links up with the North Node on February 6.
It’s been hard finding your professional footing. While the first half of February doesn’t exactly give you clear direction as to how you should move forward in career matters, it gives you incentive as to what you want to manifest. This energy will be especially potent when Neptune aligns with the North Node on February 6. 
Things won’t really gain stamina until the sun enters Pisces on the eighteenth, putting you in the limelight when it comes to your career endeavors. 
When Mars ends its retrograde journey on February 23, you can expect to see the professional seeds you planted during last month’s Aquarius new moon come to fruition and start to bloom. 
The new moon in Pisces, which occurs on the twenty-seventh, will make you rethink the future, as you aren’t wanting to take the lead anymore, or at least for the time being, on professional projects and focus on your personal life. After all, you do the work of two people (as you are the sign of the Twins). Therefore, taking a break from working hard is much needed at this time. Think of taking time off from work as your winter staycation.
It’s time to boss up, Cancer! This means not settling for anything less than what you deserve when it comes to your career and salary. The full moon on February 12 urges you to ask for a raise at work. The caveat is that you might not receive it until the new moon in Pisces on the twenty-seventh is pushing you to assert yourself to your boss or upper management regarding such matters. 
Think before you make a scene, as your words can be taken out of context due to the Mars retrograde ending in your sign on February 23, which can lead to unnecessary power struggles, all of which can be easily avoided if you are sincere, kind, and direct with your case. 
You might get your way, as the energy gives you the pristine opportunity to restart and refresh your campaign for financial success in your professional endeavors. This is the second part and conclusion of the story that started on the fifth, when you first asked for a raise or promotion at work.
 
Regardless of whether you are currently working from home or physically in the office, you will be extremely busy making contacts for your current work situation and future. The full moon on February 12 will help you meet new people that might benefit your professional future. They might even be former colleagues who are able to extend a helping hand in elevating your career. Be aware of their true intentions and faulty contracts at this time, as they might have ulterior motives (most of which you are unaware of at the moment). Don’t worry. All will come to light when Mars ends its planetary moonwalk on the twenty-third. 
Another time to watch out for is the sun’s ingress into Pisces on February 18. This will make financial matters a bit confusing. Seek guidance before agreeing to a price on a freelance gig or a raise at work. No one knows more than you not to settle for less than you are worth, and this is the time for you to demand more. Speak up freely and without hesitation. It’s your life, and you need to ensure that you are receiving the fair end of the deal. You should be on an equal playing field financially as the members on your team and your other colleagues.
The month starts with major drama with your coworkers, all of which will reach a boiling point when Neptune connects with the North Node on February 6. You’ll be given the choice as to how you’ll want to proceed. While taking the high road seems ethical and fair, you’ll be pushed to test the waters by taking the shady road. 
Don’t flirt with being unscrupulous, Virgo. You’re better than that! And, to be honest, you know this. Be sure that you are well aware of every outcome before you begin to move into uncharted waters that will create professional issues for you in the future. This means no tattling on your colleagues, even if it feels well deserving. 
The sun’s ingress into Pisces on the eighteenth is allowing you to see your coworkers as your equals, making you regret and change your opinion from earlier in the month. You’ll be more inclined to make amends through HR and find your balance to move forward with the coworkers you had arguments with during the first two weeks of February. The new moon on February 27 is a sublime time to let bygones be bygones and start anew, as long as you all can leave the past behind you. 
All of the Aquarius energy in the beginning of February will inspire you to take great creative leaps. The key is to insert these talents into your professional aspirations. Doing this will help you expand your horizons. You’ll be cosmically pushed to make strides toward using your talents to expand your wallet. Starting a retail page to sell your art will prove to be beneficial, as you will make a ton of money, so much so that you will want to keep this going as a side hustle (or even your main gig). 
The caveat is to not be super boastful, as your colleagues at your nine-to-five might be jealous of your success when Venus enters Aries on February 3. Ignore their comments or eye rolls when talking about your art in a meeting. To be real, you totally do not need their approval. The only approval you need is from yourself. You got it all, and now the whole wide world will know of your artistic talents. 
The full moon on the twelfth opens your eyes to all the talk going on behind your back at work. But it also serves to clear up the drama and lies that are being spread about you at the office.
Your focus isn’t so much on work in the beginning of February as it is on personal matters and love. Family matters might take you away from giving your career a lot of energy because your brood needs you more than ever in the beginning of this month. 
The key to keeping up with work is to make sure that all of your contracts and agreements are in place, as there might be a lot of backtracking on them from the people you are trying to reach an agreement with. You might even walk away with a profitable agreement as a new alliance will be formed as a result of all the professional chaos that unfolds in the beginning of February. 
The sun’s movement into Pisces on February 18 gives you more power to swim forward with ease. Ironically enough, the Pisces new moon on the twenty-seventh grounds your energies and calms professional matters as March begins.
 
This is a wonderful month for you to experience tremendous healing and business changes (if you’re open to it). Your outlook will take on a new level of awareness and can shift the focus toward your personal needs, including starting something more tangible for yourself. There is a great deal of autonomy being asked of you now. 
Whether or not you own a business or you are generally working for yourself, after Jupiter’s planetary moonwalk that ends on February 4, open your mind to something out of the norm. You’ll be surprised how much you can inspire yourself to make professional moves when the sun enters Pisces on the eighteenth. This will take you into the last weeks of the month on a high. You’ll be able to elevate your personal brand and take part in exciting new projects. 
The only caveat is that you might feel unsure of what professional road to take on February 27, when the new moon heightens your insecurities and creates uncertainty in your professional world. Be careful not to make any impetuous moves at the moment, as you might second-guess yourself, which will bring a few long-term professional projects to a sudden end. 
There is literally no more hiding with all of the transits directly affecting your finances this month. It is all about getting the gist of the lesson and knowing that you have to take steps toward major change in general regarding investments. Your financial and business prosperity is counting on your ability to step out into the world and let your voice be heard. You have very strong opinions, and you cannot hide what you are thinking under these skies. 
The spotlight is directly aligned with you right now, especially as the new moon in Pisces on February 27 makes you more confident. Don’t make rash decisions regarding your finances, as you might later regret these impulsive investments. You could win at the stock market and be down a few weeks later (a sentiment felt especially hard during the full moon in Leo on the twelfth). 
You are the caterpillar turning into the butterfly right now, so it is time to spread your wings and take command. Strong alignments with the Pisces sun on February 18 and the new moon on February 27 will push you into leadership roles throughout these transits. It is up to you to decide where you direct your energy, but either way, there is no turning back from these tests of time.
Welcome to a brand-new month of surprises, Aquarius! This month brings you incredible news right off the bat as the full moon brings in new partnerships on February 12. This lovely energy is accentuated by the new moon on the twenty-seventh that brings you a whole lot of prosperity and luck. You’ll be forced to review and revisit an older professional vision that’s been lingering on your mind for some time. Talk about it with your team, management, and colleagues. After all, two or three heads are better than one. 
You will be commended for your teamwork as you head into Pisces season on February 18, which might even lead to applause from your coworkers or a raise from your boss. 
When Mars ends its post planetary retrograde on the twenty-third, you will be able to take all that you have reenvisioned and reinvigorate it at work. This time around you will prove to be successful in the projects and make major professional strides. 
The new moon on February 27 will bring you more financial stability and allow you to make money off of your visions. Luck is on your side this month, even if it feels like the odds are stacked against you.
You’re in the midst of a very enlightening retrograde cycle in the house of your secret dreams. If you are looking for a new job or business proposition, now is the time for your courageous sign to strike. Taking offers that come in that seem unconventional seem to be the best way to direct your energy. 
This holds true especially as Neptune and the North Node connect on February 6, as well as the new moon forms a brilliant connection to your sun on February 27, right after Venus lights up the financial sector of your chart on February 3. You definitely need to heed caution and keep it moving! Trusting your instincts is the name of the game, and if there is any sign meant to divert from the beaten path, that is most definitely you. 
A financial transaction can benefit you, as your drive for success will be like none other this month and will open many doors. This will take you back to the visions you began to implement and manifest last year. Now it’s time to let these major decisions transpire and take you up a whole other level along your career path.
Are you and your love interest meant to be?
Have a wish?Make it now.
Personalized Daily, Weekly & Monthly Horoscopes"
61,2025-02-01,"Canada and Mexico are the top buyers of U.S. exports in more than 72% of all export categories, according to my analysis of the latest U.S. Census Bureau data.
This would become important, both economically and politically, should the 25% tariffs President Trump said would go into effect today actually go into effect – they never actually went into effect on Colombia – and should Canada and Mexico retaliate with equally broad 25% tariffs.
The 72.38% total would have a far-reaching impact beyond the total value of exports to the United States’ two largest trade partners, $631 billion through November, which is equal to about 33% of all U.S. exports. It would affect so many more businesses, including small businesses, which would likely have a broader, less concentrated effect on the economy and, because of the effect on so many businesses, a broader, more geographically dispersed reach of families, which would affect voters.
Trump has cited three reasons for the tariffs, which would also have the effect of blowing up USMCA, the very treaty he created to replace NAFTA during his first term:
On the first two, it is not clear how success would be measured. On the third, it is not clear how success would be achieved.
The U.S. deficit has continued to grow since Trump tried to reduce it by placing large tariffs on China in his first term, tariffs still in place. Since that time, while the U.S. deficit with China has decreased, deficits with a host of Asian countries as well as with Mexico and Canada have increased.
Since Trump has repeatedly said that it is importers into the United States who pay for his tariffs, then it would stand to reason that U.S. exporters would be paying the tariffs imposed by Canada and Mexico.
While few people outside of Trump’s orbit believe foreign importers pay tariffs, it is likely to make U.S. exports to Canada and Mexico more expensive, should those countries retaliate.
Here’s how I arrived at the 72.38% figure.
Customs and Border Protection gives all U.S. imports and exports a 10-digit harmonized tariff code, as do similar agencies in countries around the world. CBP provides this data to the U.S. Census Bureau, which makes it available at the 10-digit level but also groups it into larger groups, such as six-digits and four-digits.
At my company, WorldCity, which hosts the ustradenumbers.com website, we have been relying almost exclusively on the four-digit codes for more than two decades. While the 10-digit code is extremely specific, it can become meaningless in that specificity. The two-digit code, meanwhile, is overly general for the type of analysis we do.
At the four-digit level, then, Canada ranked first in 588 export categories, everything from passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, motor vehicle engines, tractors, transmission shafts, catalytic converters and oil and air filters – all part of the highly intertwined automotive trade among Canada, the United States and Mexico – but also strawberries and blueberries.
Canada and Mexico accounted for 86% of U.S. berry exports through November, the latest data ... [+] available, dominated by strawberries and blueberries.
While the state that exports the most berries to Canada is California, a so-called blue state since it votes Democratic in presidential elections, second is Texas, a red state; fourth is Florida, a red state; fifth is Pennsylvania, a swing state won by former President Joe Biden four years ago and Trump last year; sixth is Michigan, another swing state that flipped to President Trump; and seventh is Ohio, a red state.
Should Trump actually put the 25% tariffs on Canada and Mexico in place and should Mexico and Canada reciprocate, would members of Congress and some senators from states affected feel threatened as election time rolled around? Would Republican leadership feel their majorities threatened?
And it’s not just the exports where Canada is the top market for U.S. exporters. Canada is the second-leading export market for another 306 categories and third for 82. In other words, it ranks either first, second or third for 79.29% of all U.S. export categories. The value of that 79.29% of U.S. exports to Canada was $289.73 billion through November, the latest Census Bureau data available.
With Mexico, it ranks first for 303 categories, things like motor vehicle parts, diesel engines, insulated wire and cable, compressors and pumps and engine parts – again, all part of the USMCA supply chain – but also corn, chicken and pork.
Corn exports bound for Mexico go from top-ranked Louisiana, a red state; No. 3 Texas, a red state; No. 4 Kansas, a red state; No. 5 Iowa, a red state; No. 6, Nebraska, a red state; and No. 7 Missouri, a red state.
Mexico is the top buyer of U.S. pork exports and Canada is fourth, accounting for almost 40% of all ... [+] port exports through November.
Pork exports are led by some of the same red states: Texas, a red state; Kansas (2), a red state; Arkansas (4), a red state; Florida (5), a red state; and Iowa (7), a red state.
Chicken exports to Mexico are led by Texas, Arkansas and Georgia, with the first two red states and Georgia, a state Trump flipped; Mississippi ranks fifth, Florida ranks seventh, North Carolina ranks eighth, and Tennessee ranks ninth, all of which are red states.
Mexico ranks second for another 412 categories and third for 151. It ranks first, second or third for 1,205 categories, or 70.35% of the total. That 70.35% of U.S. exports to Mexico was valued at $288.56 billion, through November.
Combined, just those U.S. exports were Canada or Mexico rank first, second or third as top markets, the total is $578.29 billion. That would represent an enormous number of voters in red states, blue states and swing states, should Trump’s tariffs move beyond threat into reality and should the Canadian and Mexican governments response in kind.



"
62,2025-02-01,"
        While it can be tempting to buy a hot stock when it's soaring in value, the returns may not be all that great if the stock is already trading at a high. If, however, you're willing to take a chance on a beaten-down stock, then the payoff could be much more attractive in the long…
    "
63,2025-02-01,
64,2025-02-01,
65,2025-02-01,
66,2025-02-01,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Buck Market Slump on Impressive Earnings, New Deals. In this article, we are going to take a look at where AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (NASDAQ:ASTS) stands against other firms buck market slump on impressive earnings, new deals.
The stock market ended the trading week in the red territory following President Donald Trump’s announcement that he would begin slapping tariffs against major US trading partners.
The Dow Jones shed 0.75 percent, the S&P 500 lost 0.50 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite dropped by 0.28 percent.
Ten companies bucked a wider market decline amid a flurry of positive catalysts that sparked buying appetite. In this article, we will take a look at which companies posted notable gains and explore the reasons behind their performance.
To come up with Friday’s gainers, we only considered those with $2 billion in market capitalization and $5 million in daily trading volume.
An aerial view of a communications satellite in orbit, beaming its signal down to Earth.
AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (NASDAQ:ASTS) jumped for a second day on Friday, adding 11.15 percent to close at $20.24 apiece after securing the Special Temporary Authority approval from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) that would enable the company to test its first five commercial BlueBird satellites.
FCC’s approval would support AST SpaceMobile’s voice, full data, and video applications and other native cellular broadband capabilities for AT&T and Verizon.
“The FCC USA regulatory approvals represent a pivotal moment for AST SpaceMobile (NASDAQ:ASTS) as we advance toward delivering seamless space-based cellular broadband connectivity,” said Vikram Raval Global Head of Regulatory Affairs of AST SpaceMobile (NASDAQ:ASTS).
For his part, AST SpaceMobile Chief Commercial Officer Chris Ivory said: “Alongside integration efforts with partner networks we are installing five gateways in the United States, and we are now accelerating our path to commercial activity, starting with testing service with off-the-shelf cellular handsets on AT&T and Verizon networks.”
Overall, ASTS ranks 4th on our list of firms buck market slump on impressive earnings, new deals. While we acknowledge the potential of ASTS as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than ASTS but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
67,2025-02-01,"Canon USA continues to have some great deals on refurbished EOS R gear, this time they have heavily discounted the EOS R8 body as well the EOS R8 w/RF24-50 kit.
The EOS R8 sells extremely well when it’s discounted like this, so act quickly, because at this price, it’s the best affordable full-frame camera on the market.
A lightweight, travel-friendly, full-frame camera body, the Canon EOS R8 Mirrorless Camera offers powerful photo and video capabilities for both photographers and multimedia content creators. Utilizing a newly developed sensor also found in the EOS R6 Mark II, the R8 features a 24.2MP CMOS sensor paired with a DIGIC X processor.
Together, this combination provides outstanding stills performance, impressive 4K 60p 10-bit video, and fast autofocus.
Though the EOS R8 camera can record impressive video straight out of camera, content creators looking to take the next step in their imaging journey have the choice of two powerful video recording options in HDR PQ or Canon Log 3 video recording. With HDR PQ recording a 10-bit color file is recorded that does not require additional editing.
This 10-bit HDR file is compatible with HDR displays such as TVs, monitors, and smartphones, which display your video with even more color accuracy and dynamic range than standard displays.
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here's how it works.
Comments are closed.

Type above and press Enter to search. Press Esc to cancel."
68,2025-02-01,"
Search the news, stories & people
Personalise the news and
stay in the know
Emergency
Backstory
Newsletters
中文新闻
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
Topic:Artificial Intelligence
DeepSeek caused a chain reaction of chaos on financial markets. (Getty Images: SOPA Images)
When China's first foray into artificial intelligence roared into the public domain, it dealt a blow straight to the financial heartland of the United States.
Billions of dollars were wiped off Wall Street in less than 24 hours after Chinese startup DeepSeek cast clouds of uncertainty over investors.
At the eye of the share market storm was Nvidia, a darling of the New York Stock Exchange whose cutting-edge chips have powered the AI revolution.
The storm eased just as quickly as it hit, and the days that followed proved the market ructions were short-lived.
What it left behind would form the basis of a new AI climate altogether.
Nvidia's technological prowess had supercharged the American company and made it one of the world's three most valuable at the end of 2024.
It had spent much of the year comfortably jostling with Microsoft and Apple for the title, and was regularly behind Wall Street's setting — and re-setting — of record highs.
In the eyes of investors, the chipmaker was the quintessential American success story, at the forefront of the next chapter of the technological revolution.
Many considered Nvidia the closest stock to resembling a sure thing.
But during the Monday trading session on Wall Street, that belief seemed to waver.
Nvidia has been one of the strongest performing companies on Wall Street. (Reuters: Andrew Kelly)
By the time the closing bell rang less than 7 hours later, Nvidia had lost almost $1 trillion in market value.
It even managed to set a record in the process, with a 17 per cent fall in its share price bestowing it the honour of having the biggest loss on a single day in the history of the US stock market.
A day later, Nvidia had regained ground. By the end of the week, it was business as usual.
But DeepSeek's arrival had an even deeper impact — and its launch signalled that the global AI race was about to go into overdrive.
Read more on DeepSeek: 
It may have only made headlines recently, but the business is the product of years of quiet work behind the scenes.
DeepSeek was founded by 40-year-old AI entrepreneur Liang Wenfeng, who was behind the launch of High-Flyer in 2015, a quantitative hedge fund.
He has been described by AI expert and University of New South Wales engineering professor Toby Walsh as a ""Chinese Sam Altman"" — the founder of OpenAI — but without the charisma.
Liang Wenfeng is now leading China in its AI revolution as the superpower attempts to keep pace with the dominant AI industry in the United States. But who is the founder of DeepSeek?
High-Flyer had hired young, smart PhD graduates for its algorithmic trading, and after apologising to investors for its underperformance in 2021, Liang seemingly changed tack.
He founded DeepSeek in 2023 and his staff pivoted to creating an AI chatbot using chips from US company Nvidia.
To do that, however, the company had to think outside the square — a year earlier, the US government banned Nvidia from selling its most advanced AI processors to Chinese customers to protect the country's industry-leading status.
It meant DeepSeek had to rely on H800 Nvidia chips to develop its technology instead of the newer, faster and more expensive alternative, the H100.
""Many people in the US had thought that's going to be enough to tie their hands behind their backs and prevent them from being able to build the state-of-the-art models. And it turned out they were wrong,"" Professor Walsh said.
""By being resourceful in writing the software, they were able to use these not-as-powerful chips with not as much memory to be able to build a state-of-the-art model.""
Nvidia has developed cutting-edge chips that have seen it dominate the AI revolution. (Reuters: Ann Wang)
That goes a way to explaining why DeepSeek made its mark, Professor Walsh said, why a small, under-resourced Chinese firm was able to create something on par with the most expensive tech in the world.
""The US tech giants aren't going to be necessarily the winners,"" he said.
 In the last couple of years, every model has been an order of magnitude more expensive, using more data to build.
""DeepSeek demonstrates that you can do it with an order of magnitude less compute if you're smart and you know how to write the algorithms.
""It's like when someone first ran a 4-minute mile. Suddenly, lots of people were then able to do it once we realised it was technically possible.""
DeepSeek is the first AI assistant developed by a Chinese-based company. (Reuters: Dado Ruvic)
DeepSeek may have become a recognisable name after rattling Wall Street, but the company's AI chatbot launched in December with little fanfare.
Its release to the public was accompanied by a paper explaining how it was created with a small budget of $US6 million ($9.66 million) and old Nvidia chips.
The chipmaker hardly moved then, and nor did it respond when DeepSeek's latest version was released almost a fortnight ago.
But come Monday, financial markets had a panic attack.
Nvidia's stock took a 17 per cent hit in response to DeepSeek. (Johnathan Raa/NurPhoto via Getty Images)
It's still not clear what set it off, but there are two main schools of thought.
It could have been as simple as DeepSeek's sudden domination of the downloads chart on Apple's app store.
The other is that the market was reacting to a note published by AI investor and analyst Jeffery Emmanuel making the case for shorting Nvidia stock, and was shared by some heavy-hitting venture capitalists and hedge fund founders.
In the post, Mr Emmanuel dissected the AI landscape and dug deep into other companies such as Groq — not to be confused with Elon Musk's Grok — and Cerebras, which have already created different chip technologies to rival Nvidia.
""At a high level, Nvidia faces an unprecedented convergence of competitive threats that make its premium valuation increasingly difficult to justify at 20 times forward sales and 75 per cent gross margins,"" he wrote.
""Perhaps most devastating is DeepSeek's recent efficiency breakthrough, achieving comparable model performance at approximately 1/45th the compute cost. This suggests the entire industry has been massively over-provisioning compute resources.""
DeepSeek appears to have debunked one of the tech world's holiest scriptures, but it may be too soon to believe the hype.
In a live interview on X on Wednesday with Bankless HQ, Mr Emmanuel said while the market expected progress, ""they expect it to be somewhat predictable"".
But his analysis exposed the speed at which other companies were successfully creating fast and reliable chips for AI training and inference — and no-one had quite grasped that, he said, until he pointed it out.
""Imagine creating an air conditioner that was three times more energy efficient — you would get huge market share,"" he said.
""It's not just DeepSeek. People were ignoring a lot of these other threats and I don't know why, these are people whose full-time job is to cover Nvidia for Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley …
""How come they weren't talking about [these] competitive threats? They certainly didn't figure out this is going to be really important.""
As quickly as it had launched, scepticism about DeepSeek's ability to create an AI chatbot that required less time, money and energy followed.
DeepSeek's AI assistant — a direct competitor to ChatGPT — has become the number one downloaded free app on Apple's App Store, with some worrying the Chinese startup has disrupted the US market. 
Rabobank senior market strategist Benjamin Picton noted that while the lower-cost AI platform had ""set the proverbial cat amongst the pigeons"", its claims had naturally attracted questions.
""A number of analysts have already suggested that the claimed costs for training the model are likely bogus, and that it is very likely that DeepSeek has in fact relied on US chips that it wasn't supposed to have and may not be able to access in the future,"" he wrote on Tuesday.
Its country of origin would also attract cynicism, he said, referring to the software as ""ChatCCP"" — a moniker combining rival chatbot ChatGPT and the Chinese Communist Party.
""Certainly the funnelling of chat prompts and user details back to Chinese servers to be perused by the Chinese government is likely to be a cause for concern in national security circles,"" Mr Picton said.
Separate concerns have been raised about DeepSeek's censorship, with The Guardian reporting that the platform appeared to censor itself when asked about the Tiananmen Square massacre in 1989 and why Chinese President Xi Jinping is compared to Winnie the Pooh.
Those who have used DeepSeek have noticed it self-censors when asked certain questions about China. (Reuters: Florence Lo)
DeepSeek's security measures have also attracted attention since the company was targeted in a large-scale cyber attack on Tuesday.
The startup hasn't been forthcoming with details about the incident, but cybersecurity researcher Aras Nazarovas has suggested it may have been a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack.
""AI companies are relatively susceptible to DDoS, as generating responses for AI prompts takes a lot of server resources,"" he said.
""[DeepSeek's] move to limit new user registrations hints at efforts to prevent its systems from being overwhelmed or further exploited by such attacks.""
The rapid pace of the platform's development might have created ""weak spots"", Mr Nazarovas said, while its use of older hardware could also be a factor.
""From a cybersecurity perspective, DeepSeek's reliance on less-advanced chips is a strategic vulnerability,"" he added.
""Given the ongoing geopolitical tensions, especially between the US and China, companies that use less advanced hardware to comply with export controls risk exposing themselves to attacks from both nation-state actors and skilled cybercriminals.""
No groups have claimed responsibility for the attack publicly, and there is no suggestion that state actors from the US or China were involved.
Silicon chips are now fundamental to modern life, incorporated into every facet of electronics and driving up share prices on Wall Street. 
Adding to the geopolitical tension are the chips themselves, which are manufactured in Taiwan based on Nvidia's designs.
On Friday, Bloomberg reported that the US was investigating whether DeepSeek purchased advanced Nvidia chips through third parties in Singapore to get around the sales restrictions.
It followed a separate report that Microsoft and OpenAI were investigating whether a group linked to DeepSeek had improperly obtained OpenAI data.
OpenAI is also subject to several lawsuits, with the tech company accused of illegally using copyrighted work to train its systems, which it denies.
DeepSeek has not commented on either of the Bloomberg reports.
Analysts and armchair investors alike questioned the sustainability of the AI-powered financial market boom, even before DeepSeek unsettled markets.
But at a tech conference in Las Vegas in early January, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang poured fuel on the fire by unveiling a suite of new products, ranging from gaming chips to a desktop computer, an AI model to train robots and self-driving cars.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang announced the innovations in front of a crowd of thousands. (Reuters: Steve Marcus)
His optimism mirrored how investors had long felt about the company. In their view, Nvidia holds the keys to the technology that will shape the future, and they want to reap the financial rewards that come with being a monopoly — pushing its share price just shy of $US150.
But Roger Montgomery, the chief investment officer at Montgomery Investment Management, said investors were naive to think Nvidia would remain unchallenged.
""I think it's wrong for any investor or any CEO to believe that competition won't emerge,"" he said.
""History is replete with the emergence of new technologies and yet, in many instances, it's the consumer that ends up the winner, not the investors in the new technology.
""This could be another demonstration of that.""
DeepSeek is powered by older — and cheaper — Nvidia chips. (Reuters: Dado Ruvic)
Investors have since returned to Nvidia and other AI-linked tech companies, with some analysts taking stock of what it means for future opportunities in the sector.
""I think that the initial market reaction was overblown,"" Armina Rosenberg from Minotaur Capital told The Business on Wednesday.
""What DeepSeek has proven is if you reduce costs, you're going to see a magnitude increase in people wanting to use that technology.""
Ms Rosenberg said the shock and subsequent rally of tech stocks on Wall Street could be a positive development, after the value of AI-linked companies saw months of exponential growth.
""I think in some cases, valuations have run far ahead of itself, and that's particularly in the US,"" she said.
""When it's come back, it gives people an opportunity to participate in those AI names at more reasonable valuations.
""I also think you're going to see the breadth extend. People have gotten a little bit more enthused about the software names that are linked to AI, and also some of the power infrastructure names that link to AI as well.
""So I think that the tech rout is probably a positive because it kind of lets the market take a breather before we continue on the next leg with the journey with AI.""
While DeepSeek is still a newer player in the competitive AI space, it has paved the way for rapid advances in the technology.
Its arrival into the public domain came days after US President Donald Trump announced a $US500 billion AI innovation project known as Stargate, but even he could see the benefits of DeepSeek, telling reporters it was a ""positive"" development that showed there was a ""much less expensive method"" available.
""The release of DeepSeek AI from a Chinese company should be a wake-up call for our industries, that we need to be laser-focused on competing to win,"" he said.
""That could be very much a positive development. Instead of spending billions and billions, you'll spend less and you'll come up with, hopefully, the same solution.""
The US was seen to have a major lead in the field of AI, and export bans in place were meant to keep it that way. China's new AI tool challenges those assumptions.
Australia's former ambassador to the United States, Arthur Sinodinos, said DeepSeek's emergence was a timely reminder for not just the president, but the country's tech giants.
""It's not all in Donald Trump's court,"" he told The Business on Tuesday.
""The Chinese have made it clear that in a number of these high-tech areas, they're going to be investing very strongly. They want to get the lead in AI, in quantum, in many of these areas, which they see, rightly, as the foundations of future industries.
""But the point is, it's a reminder that the playing field is a lot more complex than just the US thinking it can dictate to the rest of the world.""
Economist and author Shaun Rein believes DeepSeek will lead to an explosion of AI advances, but he wants to see innovation balanced with regulation.
""I think that you're going to see over the next six to 12 months, there's going to be a bevy of new emergence of models,"" he told The Radio National Hour.
""They can be good for humanity, but they can also be very dangerous because of censorship.
""I actually think governments need to come in and say, 'We need to have guardrails, we need to have better regulation.'
""Because right now, it's all being led by capitalists who are trying to make a buck.""
Topic:Women's Health
Topic:State and Territory Elections
Topic:Cricket
Topic:Unrest, Conflict and War
Topic:World Politics
Topic:State and Territory Elections
Topic:World Politics
Topic:Cricket
Artificial Intelligence
Australia
China
Company News
Computer Science
Economic Trends and Indicators
Information Technology Industry
Stock Market
United States
Topic:Women's Health
Topic:State and Territory Elections
Topic:Cricket
Topic:Unrest, Conflict and War
Topic:World Politics
Topic:World Politics
Topic:State and Territory Elections
Topic:Women's Health
Topic:Unrest, Conflict and War
We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.
This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.
AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)"
69,2025-02-01,"You may start to see your favorite foods in its aisles. 
READ MORE..."
70,2025-02-01,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Most Promising Dividend Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against the other dividend stocks.
During a time of great excitement about AI-driven capital gains, it's crucial to remember that dividends have consistently played a vital role in total returns. Over the long term, dividends become even more significant. Looking back at the past few decades, approximately 55% of market returns from 1987 to the end of 2023 have come from reinvested dividends.
Dividends are a long-term investment strategy, and the benefits take time to materialize. For example, a dollar invested in the broader market in 1927 without reinvesting dividends would be worth $243 today, but if dividends were reinvested, that same dollar would be worth $3,737. Fortunately, you don’t need a century to see the potential growth in dividend stocks, as the outlook for the near future is improving. According to a report by AGF Investments, in the second half of 2024, global monetary easing has led to lower bond yields, making fixed income less attractive compared to dividend-paying stocks. In addition, companies with high dividend payouts often have more leverage, and lower bond yields help them manage interest expenses, boosting their overall financial performance, which in turn would contribute to dividend growth.
Also read:
8 Unstoppable Dividend Stocks to Invest in
According to a report by J.P. Morgan, global equities are on the brink of a significant period of dividend growth, not just due to a cyclical rise in payouts but also because of a more permanent increase in dividend momentum. Over the past two decades, global dividends per share have grown at an annual rate of 5.6%, but J.P. Morgan’s analysts now predict this rate will accelerate to 7.6% in the future.
The main factor driving this increased dividend growth is the low starting point for payout ratios (dividends relative to earnings). In 2020, during the pandemic, an unusual number of companies reduced their dividends. In fact, global dividends dropped by 12%, a sharper decline than during the Global Financial Crisis. This response was reasonable given the uncertain environment.
Since then, equity markets have rebounded strongly, with earnings surging, particularly from Big Tech and, more recently, AI. Dividends, typically set by cautious boards, tend to lag behind earnings during these surges. As a result, payout ratios are now close to 25-year lows, meaning companies are paying out less than historical averages, as reported by J.P. Morgan. Simply returning to more typical payout levels could result in an additional 2% growth annually over the next five years. This recovery is already taking shape, as global dividend growth has outpaced earnings growth in seven of the past eight quarters.
Investors and analysts both support companies that have raised their payouts. Companies that consistently raise their dividends typically manage economic downturns better because they have strong business models, solid balance sheets, and promising earnings potential. These qualities make them attractive to investors, and historical data shows that the market tends to reward them. Stocks of companies that increase dividends often outperform the broader market while experiencing lower volatility. According to a report by AGF Investments, the companies in the broader market that grew their dividend between January 1990 and August 2024 grew by 12.1%, compared with an 11% return of companies that pay no dividends and a 10.8% return of dividend cutters. With market conditions improving, it's not surprising that an increasing number of companies are beginning to pay dividends.
Our Methodology:
To compile this article, we first scanned a list of stocks known for their consistent dividend track records and sustained shareholder payouts over an extended period. This group reflects stability and long-term performance in dividend payouts. From this list, we picked 10 companies with the highest number of hedge fund investors, according to Insider Monkey's database of Q3 2024. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of the number of hedge funds having stakes in them.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points. (see more details here).
A technician working at a magnified microscope, developing a new integrated circuit.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 128
Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) is an American multinational semiconductor company that offers a wide range of semiconductor and infrastructure software products. In its Q4 2024, the company reported revenue of $14.05 billion, which showed a significant 51% growth from the same period last year. Semiconductor revenue reached an all-time high of $30.1 billion, with AI revenue soaring by 220% compared to the previous year, totaling $12.2 billion. This exceptional growth was driven by the company’s cutting-edge AI XPUs and Ethernet networking solutions. For fiscal year 2024, adjusted EBITDA increased by 37% year-over-year, hitting a record $31.9 billion.
Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) is drawing considerable attention from investors thanks to its pivotal role in powering products in various sectors, including data centers and smartphones. Its technology supports more than 99% of internet traffic, underscoring its leadership in networking. Furthermore, the company’s acquisition of VMware, a cloud virtualization firm, a year ago has bolstered its market position. VMware's operating margin has now reached 70%, and the company is on pace to surpass its goal of generating over $8.5 billion in adjusted EBITDA within three years.
Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) leveraged its robust cash reserves to boost its dividend. In the most recent quarter, the company generated $5.6 billion in operating cash flow and $5.48 billion in free cash flow, accounting for 39% of its total revenue. With 14 consecutive years of dividend growth, Broadcom is considered one of the most promising dividend stocks. The company's per-share dividend comes in at $0.59 every quarter for a dividend yield of 1.07%, as of January 30.
Overall AVGO ranks 1st on our list of the most promising dividend stocks according to hedge funds. While we acknowledge the potential for AVGO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than AVGO but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stock To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
71,2025-02-01,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 6 Undervalued Entertainment Stocks To Buy Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where News Corporation (NASDAQ:NWS) stands against the other undervalued entertainment stocks.
Entertainment stocks provide interesting investment opportunities. Unlike many other businesses, these companies allow the retail investor to have some association with the company that makes them feel a part of it. For example, Disney was a big part of many people's childhood. Owning the company's stock is often a way for them to not only honor the company but also feel a part of the company rather than just a viewer of its content.
At the same time, these stocks can also be prone to ups and downs, largely dependent on how the public perceives the content they make. If the content is loved, the company makes money and the stock goes up. If it doesn't receive a good response from the public, the company can't make enough money, resulting in a stock price decline. Regulatory risks, innovative technologies, and high production costs continue to plague the sector. However, these issues often bring the stock down to levels where investors would love to take a position in the stock.
We look at 6 such companies that are trading at a low valuation and are a steal at these levels. To come up with our list of 6 undervalued entertainment stocks, we considered stocks with a price-to-book value of below 3.0 and a market cap between $5 billion and $30 billion.
A smiling news anchor standing in front of a news desk and a backdrop of the latest headlines.
News Corporation is an information services and media company that creates and delivers reliable and interesting content for businesses and consumers. It operates through Dow Jones, news media, book publishing, and other segments. The company trades at a price-to-book value of just above 2. The stock’s performance despite a low valuation is quite reasonable, with a 129% return in the last 5 years.
The company seems to be firing on all cylinders. While it continues to suffer from the decline in e-book sales, it is well-compensated by the rise in digital audiobook revenue. The Subscription Video Services also continue to go up while the most profitable parts of the business, the Dow Jones Energy and Risk & Compliance segments, continue to drive the major chunk of the profits.
Some of the shareholder value will be unlocked when the company closes its Foxtel sale later this year. It will receive 6% equity in the streaming giant DAZN as a result of the sale. The value of this equity may not be apparent right now as DAZN isn’t yet profitable. However, the heavy investments that the streaming company continues to make will eventually turn into profits, directly benefitting NWS investors.
Overall NWS ranks 5th on our list of the undervalued entertainment stocks to buy right now. While we acknowledge the potential of NWS as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is as promising as NWS but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article was originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
72,2025-02-01,"The New York Times crossword puzzle can be tough, even if it isn't the Sunday issue! If you're stuck, we're here to help you out with today's clues and answers."
73,2025-02-01,"The good, the bad, and the ugly.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

When heading up to NYC to check out the Galaxy S25 series ahead of its launch, I went in without any expectations. As evidenced by the 3,000+ words from my Galaxy S25 Ultra hands-on, I clearly came out on the other side with more than a few thoughts. Fast forward to now, and I've been using the Galaxy S25 Ultra for about a week, but for some reason, I'm kind of at an impasse.
I can't help but feel as though I was looking at the Galaxy S25 Ultra through Samsung's rose-tinted (or blue) glasses. Everything that was announced and demoed sounded wonderful, and in that initial two-ish hours, it was. I was excited about the chance to try out the obvious front-runner for the best Android phone of the year. And I was even more excited about the various Gemini and Galaxy AI-powered improvements that were promised.
Over the past week, there have been quite a few things that I've noticed and a few things that I would have forgotten about if it weren't for my RSS feeds and social media.

Maybe it's just because I'm used to the iPhone's design, but I actually rather like what Samsung has done with the S25 Ultra. I don't know if I like it more than the S24 Ultra, but at the very least, it's kind of refreshing to see Samsung largely use the same design language across all of its flagship phones. That includes the Galaxy Z Fold 6 and Flip 6.
I've always been a sucker for a good metal and glass sandwich, and the S25 Ultra easily checks the box. Using a phone that matches the price tag isn't always a foregone conclusion, but I still have to give credit where it's due.

Something else that I've thoroughly enjoyed is re-entering the Samsung ecosystem. Before the S25 Ultra landed on my doorstep, I managed to snag the Galaxy Watch Ultra for around $200 thanks to a random trade-in promotion. And seeing as I was already getting the itch for some new earbuds, the Galaxy Buds 3 Pro were quickly added to my cart.
A few years ago, I probably would've been one of the first to mock Samsung's attempts at imitating Apple. Now, I'm actually just grateful that the ecosystem pretty much just works. There are a few hiccups that aren't related to the S25 Ultra specifically, but I'll have thoughts on that in an upcoming article. If anything, it proved just how important having an ecosystem of products that seamlessly work together can be.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android

If you read my initial impressions, then you probably noticed that I couldn't shut up about AI. I'm going to save most of my opinions for the final review, but I have to point out how much I've actually enjoyed having the Now Brief widget on my home screen. It's become part of my daily routine, as I tap the widget, and it updates throughout the day just to see what will show up.
Having certain bits of information presented to me is really nice, especially for someone who slightly obsesses over how much sleep they get. Amplifying this ""issue"" is the Energy Score from the Watch Ultra, but that's not actually a bad thing. It just feeds into my obsession as I look forward to seeing what kind of suggestions for improvements are made.

For as quickly as Now Brief has quickly become part of my daily routine, it also didn't take long to realize one of its pitfalls. Near the bottom of the page, you're occasionally presented with news that ""you might be interested in."" However, no matter what I've tried to do, it only ever recommends news that I couldn't care less about.
I thought that it might be something to do with the Samsung News app despite never actually using it. So I went through and tried to prune the topics, but that doesn't seem to have done anything. Instead, my Now Brief dashboard still manages to show me the ""wrong"" news.
Before you ask, yes, I double-checked the Now Brief settings, as there's a ""Content to include"" section. Unfortunately, you can't change any of the topics from here and can only enable or disable the ""News"" from showing up.

As far as design goes, I appreciate the Galaxy S25 Ultra's redesign, but there's one nagging issue. See, for the first couple of days after getting the S25 Ultra, I didn't have a case for it. I'm not much of a case guy anyway, with the exception of using either a Fiberborne (formerly Thinborne) case or a Dbrand skin.
However, the Galaxy S25 Ultra is so slippery that I was constantly worried that the phone was going to slip out of my hands. Between that and seeing that a few of Samsung's first-party cases are 50% off at Best Buy, I ended up grabbing a couple of them. Unfortunately, none of my local Best Buy stores had the ""Ultra Clear Magnet Case,"" so I opted for the Silicone, Kindsuit, and Standing Grip cases.

This leads me to another annoyance, as I really wish Samsung would have adopted the magnetic portion of the Qi2 protocol. It's cool and all that the S25 series is the first to support the Qi 2.1 standard, but I don't actually care about the charging speeds aspect. What I do care about is being able to use one of the myriad of MagSafe accessories that I've accrued over the years, and not being able to is just disappointing.
As a result, I opted to slap a MagSafe adapter ring to the back of the Silicone case, just so I could use a PopSocket. Maybe this is what Samsung is hoping for because if the S25 Ultra had the appropriate magnets, I probably wouldn't have bothered to buy a case. I mean, why would I consider that using a PopSocket would have given me some peace of mind to use the phone without a case?

Lastly, I've been a bit frustrated when it comes to trying to use emulators on the S25 Ultra. Samsung isn't to blame for part of my frustration, as the Snapdragon 8 Elite just hasn't been out long enough for higher-end emulators to be properly optimized. For the most part, Switch and Winlator emulation is at the mercy of the stock drivers, which are frankly lackluster.
I'm working on something a bit more in-depth surrounding emulation on Android, but again, that's not Samsung's problem.
Something that has been gnawing away at me is that Samsung went on stage and talked about how the S25 Ultra has a ""40% larger"" vapor chamber for cooling. That's truly wonderful for mobile gaming in general, but the whole time I'm just thinking about the Apple-like storage constraints.

Having 256GB as the base configuration is great and all, but the only way to get more is by shelling out more cash to Samsung. It's also great that Samsung is basically giving you a storage upgrade for free during the pre-order phase. But that doesn't do anything for those who missed the window or just can't upgrade right now.
So, for someone who has an ever-growing library of ROMs and DRM-free games for Winlator, 256GB just isn't enough. For example, at this moment, I have less than 40GB of space left on the S25 Ultra. That might seem like a lot, but in reality, that will be gone in no time as I take more pictures with my son's first birthday around the corner.
I guess what I want to see is for Samsung to release an ""Ultra"" that spares no expense. The Galaxy S25 Ultra gets about 95% of the way there, but what's holding it back from releasing a ""Special Edition"" model that brings back the BLE S Pen and includes a microSD card slot?

Without a shadow of a doubt, the S Pen ""debacle"" has made me just want to avoid social media and my RSS feeds more than anything else. It's been a week and there's already so much ""outrage"" that it's simply pathetic. Samsung removed BLE from the Galaxy S25 Ultra's S Pen, and based on the response, you might've thought Samsung took away the headphone jack again.
Don't get me wrong, I understand the potential arguments. Samsung shouldn't be removing any features from a phone that starts at $1,200. And if you were one of the few that did use Air Commands, then it probably feels like some sort of betrayal.
Samsung didn't do itself any favors either. While the reasons were explained in my hands-on session, there was no mention of it during Galaxy Unpacked. Then, we watched as conflicting reports suggested the S25 Ultra would work with some unannounced BLE-enabled S Pen, only for others to suggest they wouldn't.

I spent more than an hour messing around with the multitude of S Pens that I could find, trying to figure out an answer. Only to come to a rather weird, yet semi-helpful, conclusion — technically you can use other S Pens with the S25 Ultra, but you can't use Air Actions, and they first have to be paired with another Galaxy device that is signed into the same Samsung account as your S25 Ultra.
Adding more fuel to the fire is that it took Samsung several days to even provide some official guidance. In that time, there have been numerous articles, and apparently, there's even a petition going around to bring BLE back to the S Pen. It's just been mind-numbing and I fear that it will only pick up once the S25 Ultra is in the hands of more people than just reviewers and influencers.

After seeing how I felt following my hands-on session, I actually thought that the S25 Ultra might be able to replace my iPhone 16 Pro Max. And since coming into my possession, it's actually been able to do that for everything besides phone calls and text messages.
The design is fantastic and just looks stunning, even with how slippery it is. Emulation woes aside, performance has been exactly what I hoped it would be, and I'm able to make it through an entire day (and then some) before even thinking about battery life. I'm also excited to see what kind of changes and improvements Samsung will bring to the on-device AI and Now Brief features.
Perhaps more surprising than anything is that I'm contemplating jumping in on the pre-order bonanza and snagging a 1TB model. Mainly because I want to see what it's like to go back to the ""one phone"" lifestyle, which would mean moving my SIM card out of the iPhone and into the S25 Ultra. And this is the first non-foldable phone that has managed to really move that needle at all for me.


Get up to $900 of instant trade-in credit, plus $300 voucher when you preorder
There's still time to save a boatload of money on the Galaxy S25 Ultra, as pre-order deals haven't come to a close. Samsung is still offering the best deal that we've seen, as you can knock $900 off instantly when trading in a phone, while also enjoying a free storage upgrade, AND up to $150 in credit for accessories.
Andrew Myrick is a Senior Editor at Android Central. He enjoys everything to do with technology, including tablets, smartphones, and everything in between. Perhaps his favorite past-time is collecting different headphones, even if they all end up in the same drawer.
Nothing teases a camera button for the Phone 3a ahead of its March reveal
Alleged OnePlus 13 'Mini' camera leak suggests more changes than expected
Verizon myPlan customers can add Google One AI Premium for half price starting today

Androidcentral is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
74,2025-02-01,"After a decade on the market, the three-wheeled, open-air, two-seat Polaris Slingshot is getting some significant changes. The focus is largely on its Batmobile-esque looks, along with its high-revving powertrain and suspension tuning.
Each of the four models of the 2025 Polaris Slingshot will have design changes. 
These begin with a slightly softened front end and some changes to components such as headlight bezels. The entry-point S model is where these features will be noticed the most, as the other models largely cover them with added graphics and paint options. Changes to those other models include lower accent lights on the SLR model and a new lower splitter on the top-end R model.
All Slingshot models will see powertrain changes that increase horsepower slightly and broaden the torque curve to deliver better acceleration. The AutoDrive transmission has been retuned to accept these changes and to smooth out the ride. This is a good thing, as clunky shifts were one of our complaints when reviewing the Slingshot in previous model years.
Suspension tuning on the 2025 Slingshot has been tweaked to improve handling and add confidence. This upgrade adds an inch (2.5 cm) of ground clearance on all but the R model, giving more maneuverability and clearance for everyday driving.
The audio options for the new Slingshot now include larger eight-inch speakers in the left and right interior panels. These are designed to counteract road and vehicle noise by adding more volume and bass. This new Rockford Fosgate Stage 2 Max Audio Package is now also available as an upgrade on 2021 and newer Polaris Slingshot vehicles
A new keyfob, gas cap tether, and security improvements are among the other changes included in this year's model.
Starting price for the 2025 Polaris Slingshot is US$24,999 plus delivery. Both manual and automatic transmissions are available.
Source: Polaris"
75,2025-02-01,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Most Promising Dividend Stocks According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) stands against the other dividend stocks.
During a time of great excitement about AI-driven capital gains, it's crucial to remember that dividends have consistently played a vital role in total returns. Over the long term, dividends become even more significant. Looking back at the past few decades, approximately 55% of market returns from 1987 to the end of 2023 have come from reinvested dividends.
Dividends are a long-term investment strategy, and the benefits take time to materialize. For example, a dollar invested in the broader market in 1927 without reinvesting dividends would be worth $243 today, but if dividends were reinvested, that same dollar would be worth $3,737. Fortunately, you don’t need a century to see the potential growth in dividend stocks, as the outlook for the near future is improving. According to a report by AGF Investments, in the second half of 2024, global monetary easing has led to lower bond yields, making fixed income less attractive compared to dividend-paying stocks. In addition, companies with high dividend payouts often have more leverage, and lower bond yields help them manage interest expenses, boosting their overall financial performance, which in turn would contribute to dividend growth.
Also read:
8 Unstoppable Dividend Stocks to Invest in
According to a report by J.P. Morgan, global equities are on the brink of a significant period of dividend growth, not just due to a cyclical rise in payouts but also because of a more permanent increase in dividend momentum. Over the past two decades, global dividends per share have grown at an annual rate of 5.6%, but J.P. Morgan’s analysts now predict this rate will accelerate to 7.6% in the future.
The main factor driving this increased dividend growth is the low starting point for payout ratios (dividends relative to earnings). In 2020, during the pandemic, an unusual number of companies reduced their dividends. In fact, global dividends dropped by 12%, a sharper decline than during the Global Financial Crisis. This response was reasonable given the uncertain environment.
Since then, equity markets have rebounded strongly, with earnings surging, particularly from Big Tech and, more recently, AI. Dividends, typically set by cautious boards, tend to lag behind earnings during these surges. As a result, payout ratios are now close to 25-year lows, meaning companies are paying out less than historical averages, as reported by J.P. Morgan. Simply returning to more typical payout levels could result in an additional 2% growth annually over the next five years. This recovery is already taking shape, as global dividend growth has outpaced earnings growth in seven of the past eight quarters.
Investors and analysts both support companies that have raised their payouts. Companies that consistently raise their dividends typically manage economic downturns better because they have strong business models, solid balance sheets, and promising earnings potential. These qualities make them attractive to investors, and historical data shows that the market tends to reward them. Stocks of companies that increase dividends often outperform the broader market while experiencing lower volatility. According to a report by AGF Investments, the companies in the broader market that grew their dividend between January 1990 and August 2024 grew by 12.1%, compared with an 11% return of companies that pay no dividends and a 10.8% return of dividend cutters. With market conditions improving, it's not surprising that an increasing number of companies are beginning to pay dividends.
Our Methodology:
To compile this article, we first scanned a list of stocks known for their consistent dividend track records and sustained shareholder payouts over an extended period. This group reflects stability and long-term performance in dividend payouts. From this list, we picked 10 companies with the highest number of hedge fund investors, according to Insider Monkey's database of Q3 2024. The stocks are ranked in ascending order of the number of hedge funds having stakes in them.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points. (see more details here).
An array of pharmaceutical pills with the company's logo on the bottle.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 106
Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) is an Indiana-based pharmaceutical company that manufactures and develops a wide range of medicines for serious ailments. The stock has performed exceptionally well in recent years, driven by the success of its glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist drug portfolio. In the past 12 months, LLY has surged by over 25.6%.
In fiscal Q4 2024, Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) generated $11.4 billion in revenue, reflecting a 20.5% year-over-year increase. The growth was primarily fueled by strong performances from Mounjaro and Zepbound, along with a notable 17% increase in non-incretin revenue. This overall expansion, driven by its oncology, immunology, and neuroscience segments, was compared to Q3 2023 results.
Aristotle Atlantic Partners, LLC made the following comment about LLY in its Q3 2024 investor letter.
“Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) is a leading pharmaceutical company that develops diabetes, oncology, immunology and neuroscience medicines. The company generates over half of its revenue in the U.S. from its leading drugs Trulicity, Verzenio and Taltz. The company operates in a single business segment: human pharmaceutical products.
In December 2024, Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) declared a 15.4% hike in its quarterly dividend to $1.50 per share. This marked the company's 11th consecutive year of dividend growth, which makes LLY one of the most promising stocks that pay dividends. The stock supports a dividend yield of 0.74%, as of January 30.
The number of hedge funds tracked by Insider Monkey holding stakes in Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) increased to 106 in Q3 2024, from 100 in the previous quarter. The total value of these holdings now exceeds $18.5 billion.
Overall LLY ranks 3rd on our list of the most promising dividend stocks according to hedge funds. While we acknowledge the potential for LLY as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than LLY but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stock To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
76,2025-02-01,"It’s been years since phone thinness was a selling point 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Galaxy Unpacked has been and gone, but we’re still basking in the glow of the Samsung Galaxy S25 lineup – check out our hands-on Samsung Galaxy S25 review, hands-on Samsung Galaxy S25 Plus review, and full Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra review for our first impressions of all three new devices.
There was, of course, a new addition to the three-phone lineup we’ve come to expect from Samsung – the Samsung Galaxy S25 Edge, which revives a moniker the company previously used for devices with edge-to-edge displays. Now, the 'Edge' designation is seemingly a reference to this new phone’s thinness.
And a thin phone it is. Though Samsung has yet to reveal any official specs about the Galaxy S25 Edge, the device is of such a svelte construction that its dual cameras have to rest on a raised protrusion – and then stick out further still – in order to fit onto the polished rear panel. The Galaxy S25 Edge is visibly slimmer than the already impressive S25 Plus, its closest sibling in the pre-existing lineup.
TechRadar’s Senior News Editor Mark Wilson isn't convinced about the new phone's design, writing in a recent feature that the Galaxy S25 Edge represents “the laziest interpretation of phone innovation."" I, however, think the S25 Edge deserves a chance to prove itself – though I share some of my esteemed colleague’s hesitation.

The S25 Edge will require some compromises. We simply cannot expect Samsung to fit the raw hardware power of its bulkier flagships into a phone that’s rumored to be just 6.4mm thick. All I’m really hoping for is that Samsung makes the right choices; that it focuses on efficiency so that the necessarily smaller battery isn’t too heavily taxed, ensures the durability holds up, and – this one’s a reach – opts for a telephoto camera for the second of the two rear-mounted snappers.
However, I’d be happy to see the S25 Edge make it to production with any combination of specs. The reason I’m already being so forgiving is that this new Galaxy phone reminds me of the very first Samsung Galaxy Fold in 2019, which launched the folding phone industry despite being visibly unpolished. I’m optimistically excited that Samsung might be about to launch another niche segment of the phone market with the S25 Edge.
It might seem hard to believe in today’s world of bulky, heavy, powerful flagships like the S25 Ultra, iPhone 16 Pro Max, and OnePlus 13, but it wasn't long ago that thinness was a major priority for phone makers. The first smartphones were positively rotund by today’s standards, and in the first ten years of the industry’s lifespan, you’d find keynote speakers talking at length about the millimeters shaved with each subsequent release.
This wasn’t without its downsides, though – Apple famously overstepped with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which shipped with flimsy designs that bent easily, a phenomenon termed “bendgate” by the frenzied media. These thin phones couldn’t hold very large batteries, either, and had limited options for cooling.
I think we’re looking at a full-on revival of thin, ergonomically-led smartphones that exist in their own lane.
It’s no surprise that we saw a reversal of the trend in the following years, which accelerated into the 2020s as phone hardware began taking some real leaps in the power, longevity, and multitasking departments. The current design language of flagship phones supports this – boxy shapes with plenty of room for cutting-edge internals.
The S25 Edge could be a one-off callback to these earlier times, but as I mentioned in my recent look at the hinted Samsung multi-fold phone, Samsung is a giant tech brand that doesn’t tend to introduce single-generation products. Unless the S25 Edge bombs hard, we’re likely to see an S26 Edge and S27 Edge in the years to come.
And if the sage sources of the rumor mill are to be believed, Apple is also working on a slimmed-down version of the iPhone 17, tentatively titled the iPhone 17 Air. I think we’re looking at a full-on revival of thin, ergonomically-led smartphones that exist in their own lane, in an offshoot of the mainstream phone market similar to folding phones.

At this point, you may be wondering why this is a good thing – I think it comes down to two main factors. Firstly, modern phones are, in general, large and somewhat heavy devices, so it’s no bad thing to have a phone entering the market that has a large display, presumably modern internals, and is also focused on a thin-and-light design. Though large handsets like the iPhone 16 Plus and Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra are lighter compared to their predecessors, they’re still noticeably hefty – the S25 Edge could offer some relief.
We could soon see a split between ergonomics and performance, with major gains made in both categories as a result.
Of course, some of the weight of modern flagships is in service of better performance, which leads to my second point. By spinning off ergonomics-focused phones into their own category, phone makers will be freer to specialize their flagships for power and slim phones for portability. We saw a similar thing happen with folding phones and multitasking – most slab devices don’t focus on the ability to run multiple apps despite having plenty of screen space, as this is handled better by booklet-style foldables. We could soon see a split between ergonomics and performance, with major gains made in both categories as a result.
The reasons I’ve explained above might mean more to the user experience, but I also commend Samsung for simply doing something different. From a personal perspective, I just like it when phone makers get weird. We’re in a time of design hegemony; each phone is a rounded rectangle with a great display, cameras, battery – the works. The S25 Edge harkens back to the days of the original Oppo Find X, with its pop-out camera, the swivel-screened LG Wing, or even the colorful iPhone 5c, by just being a bit unusual.
So, there we have it. The S25 Edge might be a little rough around the, well, edges when it launches, but with enough consumer support, I think it could springboard new innovations for the smartphone market. I’m not giving Samsung carte blanche to put out a lackluster phone – I’d rather see the Edge gain a place on our list of the best Samsung phones – but I’m willing to forgive a misstep or two if it means witnessing the start of something genuinely new.
Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
Jamie is a Mobile Computing Staff Writer for TechRadar, responsible for covering phones and tablets. He’s been tech-obsessed from a young age and has written for various news and culture publications. Jamie graduated from Goldsmiths, University of London in 2024 with a bachelor’s degree in Journalism. Since starting out as a music blogger in 2020, he’s worked on local news stories, finance trade magazines, and multimedia political features. He brings a love for digital journalism and consumer technology to TechRadar. Outside of the TechRadar office, Jamie can be found binge-watching tech reviews, DJing in local venues around London, or challenging friends to a game of Super Smash Bros. Ultimate.
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.
Samsung’s Google Messages rival isn’t dead after all – in fact, it’s just been upgraded 
Hurry! It's your last chance to save serious money on the Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra with these pre-order bonuses
Can’t buy an Nvidia RTX 5080 or 5090 GPU due to stock shortages? If you were hoping GeForce Now might provide a good alternative, we’ve got some bad news

Techradar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
77,2025-02-01,"HOUSTON, TEXAS - OCTOBER 02: Alex Bregman #2 of the Houston Astros flies out against the Detroit ... [+] Tigers in the fourth inning during Game Two of the Wild Card Series at Minute Maid Park on October 02, 2024 in Houston, Texas.  (Photo by Alex Slitz/Getty Images)
It’s a fool’s errand to choose between a top prospect and a 30-year-old who has been worth an average of 5.2 WAR every full season of his career. But fortunately for the Cubs, they don’t have to choose between Matt Shaw and Alex Bregman.
They have room for both their 2023 first-round pick and the free agent who has hit six World Series home runs for the Astros. As an added feature, they even have the payroll flexibility after trading Cody Bellinger to the Yankees and parting ways with Kyle Hendricks.
But will Tom Ricketts and Jed Hoyer make a deal with Bregman, who reportedly turned down a six-year, $156-million deal from the Astros before filing for free agency?
It’s easy to say Hoyer should add Bregman onto Kyle Tucker, who he acquired from the Astros in a trade in December. Tucker is most likely a one-year rental in Chicago — he will be eligible for free agency after the season, and could be in line for a $300-million deal — and Shaw, who is currently penciled in at third base, is versatile enough to play a Ben Zobrist role in the upcoming season.
It is fairly easy to make the case for Bregman, who is being pursued by the Cubs, Tigers, Red Sox and Blue Jays, according to reporters Jon Heyman and Bob Nightengale. There are worse problems than having a crowded lineup.
It’s worth noting the Cubs could have a ton of payroll flexibility in two years. Ian Happ, Seiya Suzuki, Nico Hoerner and right-hander Jameson Taillon — earning a combined $69.5 million this season — all are positioned to become free agents after 2026.
So the questions for Hoyer are how do you project Bregman’s production into his mid-30s and can you trust the cast of young hitters you have collected enough to pass on him.
Make no mistake: Bregman (like Tucker) is not showing major signs of slippage. He won first Gold Glove last season, which marked the first time in three seasons he didn’t receive any MVP votes. Since the pandemic season in 2020, he’s delivered a 122 OPS+ with a slash line of .262/.350/.444 and only 36 more strikeouts than walks.
The major projection models all call for Bregman to hit 21-plus home runs while playing 128-159 games next season, worth 3.4-4.1 WAR. It’s easy to imagine what that could mean playing alongside Tucker, Dansby Swanson and Hoerner, who have all turned in 4-WAR seasons within the last two years.
But Shaw is no slouch himself. He is set to make his big-league debut in March, when the Cubs visit Tokyo, but has hit 29 home runs in his 159 games as a pro, with a .906 OPS. Steamer projects him to hit .250 with 14 home runs in 130 games as a rookie.
Adding Bregman would allow Shaw to upgrade a bench that recently got an upgrade with the signing of free agent Jon Berti, who like Shaw and Bregman is a right-handed hitter. Shaw could even wind up being sent back to Triple-A, where he’d join Owen Caissie, Moises Ballsteros, James Triantos and possibly also Kevin Alcantara in a lineup loaded with Top-100 prospects.
The Cubs opened 2024 with a payroll of $214.4 million. They currently have about $180 million on the books, assuming the recent acquisition of high-leverage reliever Ryan Pressly — also from the Astros — becomes official.
The question for the Cubs with Bregman isn’t whether they can afford him. It’s how much do they want him.

"
78,2025-02-01,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published a list of 12 Best Defensive Stocks To Buy Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) stands against other best defensive stocks to buy right now.
A notable event influencing current market sentiment is the recent selloff in technology stocks, primarily driven by speculations surrounding China’s DeepSeek AI model. This incident has underscored the market’s fragility, with key indicators pointing to potential instability. For instance, heavy betting on US tech stocks and rising bond yields have made equities less appealing compared to government debts, challenging the equity risk premium. In this context, the importance of defensive stocks becomes increasingly evident. Defensive stocks, also known as non-cyclical stocks, are those that provide consistent dividends and stable earnings regardless of the state of the overall market. They are typically found in sectors such as utilities, consumer staples, and healthcare.
Read more about these developments by accessing 10 Best AI Data Center Stocks and 10 Buzzing AI Stocks According to Goldman Sachs.
For example, companies that produce or distribute essential goods like food, beverages, and hygiene products tend to maintain steady cash flow and predictable earnings during both strong and weak economies. Dividends play a crucial role in investment strategies, offering both immediate income and long-term financial benefits. They represent a portion of a company’s earnings distributed to shareholders, typically on a quarterly basis. Historically, dividends have been a substantial component of total returns in the stock market. According to S&P Dow Jones Indices, since 1936, dividends have accounted for more than one-third of the total equity return of the S&P 500, with capital appreciation making up the other two-thirds.
Read more about these developments by accessing 30 Most Important AI Stocks According to BlackRock and Beyond the Tech Giants: 35 Non-Tech AI Opportunities.
For this article, we selected stocks that have solid businesses with recurring revenue streams, reliable dividend payouts, and burgeoning growth pipelines. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A customer in a warehouse aisles, browsing the wide range of branded and private-label products.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 75  
Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) engages in the operation of membership warehouses. In the fiscal year ending September 1, 2024, Costco (NASDAQ:COST) reported net sales of $249.6 billion, marking a 5% increase from the previous year. Comparable sales growth was strong across all regions, with the US at 5.3%, Canada at 5.5%, and Other International markets at 5.7%. E-commerce sales also saw a significant rise of 18.9% during the fourth quarter. Net income was $2.354 billion, or $5.29 per diluted share, compared to $2.160 billion, or $4.86 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of the prior year. The firm has a history of providing stable and growing dividends to its shareholders. In November 2024, the company declared a quarterly dividend of $1.16 per share, resulting in an annual dividend of $4.64 per share and a yield of approximately 0.49%. Notably, Costco (NASDAQ:COST) has increased its dividend for 20 consecutive years, with a dividend growth rate of 13.64%.
Overall, COST ranks 8th on our list of best defensive stocks to buy right now. While we acknowledge the potential of COST as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for a stock that is more promising than COST but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey
Sign in to access your portfolio"
79,2025-02-01,"The weekend is here! Pour yourself a mug of Colombia Tolima Los Brasiles Peaberry Organic coffee, grab a seat by the fire, and get ready for our longer-form weekend reads: • Legal Weed Didn’t Deliver on Its Promises: Advocates touted a host of benefits and no…"
80,2025-02-01,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. "
81,2025-02-01,"A leak has offered new details on Samsung's first tri-fold phone, reportedly known as the Galaxy G Fold"
82,2025-02-01,"
            Supersized TVs are looking for their place in a world where we all have small screens in our pockets. And it might not be an easy fit.
          
This was the largest television I'd ever encountered, and I've seen plenty of bizarro TVs that will never grace store shelves. Everything from huge, curved beasts priced at $200,000 to see-through screens. But at 115 inches, this TCL 115QM891G was the real deal. And it loomed.
It had arrived at CNET's New York testing labs on loan from TCL. Weighing in at 229 pounds, this TV was trouser-rippingly heavy. So unwieldy, in fact, that it took four of us and a solid half-hour to assemble. On my own, I could barely manage to push the empty box across the room.
It was undeniably a monster, bigger than most. Yet it serves as a clear reminder that we're living in an era of bright, supersized screens calling to us from the walls of Best Buy, waiting for a place to belong.
The future is here. And the future is big.
The real question is, how big is too big? Living room entertainment has evolved dramatically, from the tiny screens and bulky stereo consoles of the '50s to the boxy cathode ray TVs of the '80s and '90s. Today, TVs are sleek slabs – just like our phones, but on a far grander scale.
Manufacturers have mastered the art of creating massive screens with modern display technologies like LCD, LED and OLED, making those big screens more affordable. At the same time, streaming quality has advanced significantly, and with innovations like 4K and HDR, content now looks stunning even on the largest screens. If you're looking to spend $400 on a quality 50-inch LCD, there are plenty of options to choose from. But if it's true immersion you're after, be prepared to pay – and probably big.
Every year at CES, the big showcase in Las Vegas for consumer electronics, TV manufacturers unveil a chorus line of ever-exciting models, and a host of emerging technologies that will inform future designs. At CES 2025, TV manufacturers announced a series of freakishly large screens, including the 98-inch TCL QM6K and a 136-inch MicroLED from Hisense. Sure, you could argue that TVs like these are only meant for millionaires, but as I write this, TCL's other 98-inch model, the 98Q651G QLED, is surprisingly affordable at $1,800. 
But not everyone can afford a huge TV. A CNET survey last month revealed that most people are looking to spend less than $1,000 on a new screen. Others may not have the space for it, or simply don't want something that big. Our survey also revealed that TVs 75 inches or smaller are the most sought after.
Complicating matters are the other screens in our lives – smartphones, tablets and virtual reality headsets. We now have countless ways to watch shows, follow Oscar nominees, play video games and stay entertained. Will we eventually retreat into our own worlds of huge, virtual screens?
Still, massive TV designs hint at where the future might take us. It's not always about a single screen – some innovators are exploring ways to integrate multiple screens throughout a room, where the TV isn't just the focal point but transforms into the room itself. This concept is already technically possible, as demonstrated at CES 2025. However, as we discovered, there is a practical limit to just how big a TV can get.
When it came time to send the TCL back home from its sojourn in the CNET lab, we called on the manufacturer to pick it up. Four people showed up – this TV was about to provide entertainment of a different kind.
""When they wrapped up, and were carting it toward the freight elevator,"" says Theo Liggians, a CNET social media producer who works in that office, ""everyone cheered and clapped it through – as if we were retiring the number of a basketball player and watching their jersey get hung from the rafters.""
This is that 115-inch TCL being brought into the freight elevator (where it barely fit) to get to CNET's lab in New York.
When I imagine the future of TV, I think of a room made up of video screens – floor, walls and ceilings – and there are 100 cable channels playing at once. Naturally, I'm smoking a cigar, wearing a sleeveless shirt and ironing. Suddenly, I'm the Old Man Logan version of Wolverine (which tracks, since Hugh Jackman, like me, is Australian). While this kind of TV technology already exists, as I'll explain shortly, it's also very expensive. 
Though having a wall-sized TV is every movie and gaming fan's dream, it's far from practical. Sam Jordan, head of computing and emerging technologies at the Future Today Institute, noted that even in a future filled with huge televisions, certain constraints will remain.
""I live in an apartment. I don't want my TV to be the entire wall,"" Jordan says. ""It's not just the scale of the screen; it's also what it would ask of us – we'd be constantly moving our heads,"" she says. ""So I think that there's absolutely a practical cutoff."" 
Living spaces won't change that much. If you live in a city, you likely have walls, doors and windows that weren't built with enormous TV screens in mind. Installing a TV in an existing living room can be a challenge, and even getting it into the property can be tricky. 
Take the case of Reddit user The_Real_Rare_Pepe. He managed to get his new 98-inch Samsung TV, still in its box, stuck in the entryway of his house. Worried about unpacking it and navigating the narrow space, he decided to send it back with the delivery crew.
Buying a big screen TV is a lot like purchasing any other large item, like a fridge or a king-size mattress, but far more delicate. A 90-inch screen is about the size of a king mattress, yet significantly heavier and far less flexible than a box spring. Moving one of these things around is difficult. If you're buying a really humongous TV, take my advice: don't even think about moving it yourself. 
TV manufacturers aren't losing much sleep over incidents like Pepe's. TCL's Executive Vice President Chris Hamdorf contends that 98 inches is the ultimate size for the living room, while 115 inches is for a dedicated space like a home cinema. 
Yet even Hamdorf acknowledges that ""when it gets to 115, that's going to start being a problem."" If you're considering a screen that size, you should do some prep work, including measuring doorways. 
In our case, even though we had the space to test the 115-inch TV in our lab, it still presented a challenge when navigating its way from the elevator. For an apartment or a modest-sized house, it's simply too big, too heavy and too much.
""Oh my gosh. There's no more room for any of the furniture,"" CNET Senior Editor Mike Sorrentino exclaimed as we were unboxing the TCL. 
Not to mention, at $20,000, it costs more than a Kia Rio or a Nissan Versa.
As TVs grow larger, another issue arises: when turned off, they become a massive black rectangle in your room. The bigger the TV, the bigger the rectangle. One solution – though not the cheapest – is to have the screen display something even when it's powered down. Models like the Samsung Frame, TCL NXTFrame and the Hisense Canvas make this feature the centerpiece of their design, with matte screen coatings making the surface appear more like an artwork. 
It's a Trojan horse: Companies are trying to normalize gallery modes now – preparing for the day when the TV is the room.
Almost everyone buying a TV today will be buying a 4K TV – from 32 inches all the way to 115 inches and beyond. Yet, the reasons people buy TVs haven't changed in 50 years. They're still used to watch sports, catch movies and shows and play games with friends. While the content has evolved and the quality has improved drastically, the core purpose remains the same. And most people can do this without needing a monumental television. 
In 2012, I reviewed a TV that I considered gigantic at the time – the 80-inch LE632 Sharp TV. Back then, this TV was priced at $5,499 and came with its flaws, including a 1080p resolution that made individual pixels clearly visible from up to six feet away. While the price of 80-inch TVs has stayed relatively steady, today's models now have much sharper 4K resolution screens. Comparing the older TV to the 115-inch TCL above, I had to have my face against the screen to see any of the 4K pixels. Yet prices of larger TVs could still be cheaper.
Unlike some of the whizz-bang TVs announced this year – with MicroLED and OLED onboard – most TVs bought now, and probably for the foreseeable future, will use LCD technology. LCD is a mature and relatively cheap technology to manufacture. (TV model names usually include a reference to the backlight type, like LCD, LED, Mini-LED or even QLED.) 
The scalability of LCD is significant when you're looking to get the maximum bang for your buck. Most people aren't looking to spend a lot of money on a new TV. According to CNET's survey, one third look to spend under $500. When you consider that you can buy a decent 50-inch LCD for less than $350, it makes a lot of sense. 
There is a benefit to going bigger, though. CNET has long used 65 inches as its default size for testing new TVs – it's a popular choice. In fact, one in five people we surveyed said 65 inches is the largest TV they'd consider for their home, even if cost weren't a factor, followed closely by 75 inches at 18%.
Furthermore, only 12% said they'd consider a 100-inch TV or larger for their home, even if money weren't a concern, but this size will likely increase as technology improves and prices drop. Unlike most other devices, TV prices typically decline over time.
""Screen sizes keep getting bigger and that has proven to drive interest and demand,"" said Steven Baker, vice president of industry analysis at NPD Group, in 2020. ""The No. 1 reason people buy a new TV is for the screen size and I don't expect that to change.""
And indeed it hasn't.
Consider Samsung's blockbuster TV from CES 2014 – a 105-inch curved screen priced at $200,000. In comparison, TCL's 2024 model is larger and costs just a tenth of that price.
When it comes to living spaces, some people have no control over factors like renting or living in an older home. That's where modular screens come in – they can be customized to fit around obstacles that would be impractical for a traditional TV. My dream of a literal ""TV room"" can be yours, too!
MicroLED, not to be confused with Mini-LED, has long promised wall-sized, modular displays. The best-known version is Samsung's The Wall, but other TV makers are getting into the MicroLED act, too. Ventana was one of several TV builders showing off modular displays at CES this year – either interlocking tiles or more traditional-looking TVs that can be tethered together. 
""We've installed displays that are basically wall to wall, ceiling to ceiling and the entire surface is the display,"" Ventana founder Jeremy Hochman says. The technology part is straightforward, he explains, and the company could ""very easily integrate into the wall in a home."" The issue then becomes whether there's content that works for the format.
""So we're getting into things like, you know, 12K, 16K, sometimes even 30K resolution,"" Hochman says. ""And so the challenge right now for going kind of that massive is, where's the content coming from, and what's the playback mechanism?"" 
Apart from physical bulk, the other factor limiting the uptake of extraordinarily big TVs is their cost. Ventana says the price of one of its displays starts in the six figure range, but the industry is taking steps to remedy this. Especially this most expensive kind.
Awall's C Series MicroLED displays, seen here at CES 2025, are modular, featuring individual blocks that together make up the display.
CNET's Geoff Morrison, who visited another modular-building company, Awall, at CES, notes that ""bright, wall-size TVs are certainly getting closer to the range where we mere mortals can afford them."" While Ventana uses tiles, Awall uses traditional-shaped TVs that fit together, and the prices are more modest, starting at $7,990 for a 75-inch display.
Compared to established technologies like OLED and LCD, MicroLED is still in its infancy – no mainstream TV using it has been released yet. MicroLED offers advantages like no image retention and exceptional brightness, but the challenge lies in the complexity and cost of constructing a TV with billions of subpixel LEDs. However, new innovations showcased at CES, such as UV MicroLED, could help bring prices down.
Even TCL – which was one of the first adopters of MicroLED – doesn't think that the screen type will challenge the popularity of existing technologies.
""MicroLED is, at least for the time being, more of a commercial or a very, very rich person product. It's very expensive. So it's not going to be mainstream anytime soon,"" says Scott Ramirez, TCL's vice president of product marketing and development for home theater.
As TVs get bigger, it's possible many people will be left behind. Wall-sized TVs may be fun and futuristic, but even with some technology tweaks, only a small percentage of people will ever be able to afford and install them. 
If you've ever been to see a movie at an Imax theater, you'll know how immersive a big screen can be – the image almost completely fills your vision. Films such as Dune: Part 2 were shot specifically for Imax, so what if you could replicate that experience at home? 
Your average Imax theater screen is a whopping 72 feet wide, and it eats 70% of your field of vision. The result is great fun for a couple of hours, but experts like the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers don't recommend watching TV like that, because you'd simply be too close to the screen. So maybe it's not what you should aspire to for your home viewing. 
The SMPTE recommends that a TV fill a minimum of just 30% of your field of vision for content such as watching TV and playing games. How do you get to that number in your own home? As Morrison explains in this sizing guide, you multiply the distance from your couch to your TV (in inches) by 0.625, and that's the screen size you need. For instance, I sit 9 feet from my TV at home and so… carry the math… I would need a 67.5-inch TV.
At CES 2025, TCL showed off its 115-inch QM7K. It hasn't yet revealed pricing or other details.
If you're a cinephile, the recommendation from entertainment technology company THX is for an even larger TV — you need to multiply the distance by 0.835. With a screen of the corresponding size, this will give you a more cinema-like feel, at 40% field of vision. Not quite Imax, but certainly less tiring on the eyeballs. If you want to experiment with sizing for yourself, FF Pictures has a great calculator that lets you configure all of the variables.
What size should you really buy, though? It's up to you, but my recommendation is to always get as big as you can afford. Manufacturers, naturally, agree.
""A lot of people ask what size TV should I buy, and I always tell people to buy one size bigger than you think you need,"" says Hamdorf.
However, there is an easy ""hack"" that lets you ""trade up"" to a bigger screen without having to buy a new TV. It seems obvious, but if you have the TV on a stand, you can simply move it, or your couch, a little closer. Bam, more screen — technically, more TV image filling your field of view.
If you have your current set wall-mounted, then it's a little more involved, but still achievable. You'll probably need to consider a new bracket — one that can extend the screen closer to you on an arm. These brackets aren't expensive, especially compared to a new TV, starting at about $70. Depending on the mount, it can bring the TV two feet closer or more to your position, which could add around 10% more screen. 
However, these brackets do need a little more care than a flush mount, as they exert more force on the wall, so if you're unsure you may consider getting it professionally installed. Admittedly, getting a new bracket isn't as elegant or exciting as a new, flush-mounted OLED, but it is affordable. 
Despite the ongoing tribulations of TikTok, the era of vertical video is steadfastly here, but can that translate to big TVs? From Instagram Stories to YouTube Shorts, most short-form and viral content is presented in a way that can be easily viewed on a mobile phone. Unfortunately, it looks terrible on a TV. That's because TVs are horizontal, while phones are generally held vertically. If you display vertical video on a big TV, you get huge swaths of unused space to either side of the image. 
Manufacturers have tried to solve the problem of vertical video on traditional sets in the past, offering up devices like the motorized Samsung Sero, a TV that can shift between portrait mode and landscape. The Sero never caught on — it was both small, at 43 inches, and expensive, at $1,500. But is a one-size-fits-all screen even necessary?
Vertical may be hot right now, but there is an almost inexhaustible amount of content designed to be watched on a traditional TV set. Ever since the invention of moving pictures, the screen has been wider than it is tall, starting with the silent film era and culminating in formats such as Cinerama (2.6:1) and HDTV (2.4:1).
The amount of studio-produced content for vertical video is currently minimal. Director Timur Bekmambetov (Searching, Ben Hur) directed ""the first feature film to be shot for vertical video,"" called V2 Escape from Hell. Yet the 2021 Russian-language movie premiered in landscape, while it's reported that a series version of the film was presented vertically. And that's it so far.
More publicly, the short-lived Quibi service back in 2020 surely sent a warning to filmmakers that the subscription model for vertical video was unsustainable. Roku ended up buying the Quibi back catalog for use in its Roku Channel. Paul Nangeroni, senior director of product management at Roku, calls Quibi ""a spirited attempt."" Yet even he admits that content like that is a better fit for mobile phones.
""The dichotomy between full-length feature films and 'snackable' content will continue, and multiscreen use cases will be more significant,"" Nangeroni says.
It's unlikely that portrait video will ever become a mainstream TV form factor. Can you imagine trying to crane your head to see a 98-inch screen — from the floor to the ceiling of your home? And you thought that putting a TV above a fireplace was bad.
So you can cross the need to buy a vertical TV off the list, but what about that other screen format looming on the horizon: 8K?
In the 20 years I've been reviewing TVs, I've seen technology progress dramatically — from SD to HD to 4K to HDR. Of these, HDR is the most significant because it adds observable benefits — better colors and better contrast. While companies will inevitably try bringing another upgrade to HDR technology in the future, it's not something anyone is talking about. Yet.
However, there is one technology that has been generating headlines for over 10 years, and it's also one you don't really have to worry about. While manufacturers have been readying 8K for a while, the big holdup is content, as neither streaming nor Hollywood is shooting or displaying in 8K. Not even movie theaters use the format, and cinema screens are bigger than any mass-market TV will ever be. 8K has four times the resolution of 4K, which sounds perfect for a huge TV (more detail!), but this also means it needs four times the data. Given that 4K is barely even a broadcast format right now, you can probably see where I'm headed with this.
8K TVs have been on the market for many years. 2018's Samsung Q900 was the first to get a wide distribution, and Samsung is still selling 8K models today, but other manufacturers are more realistic about its impact.
""I don't think 8K is going to be very important, at least in the near future. There's very little content available for 8K, and without 8K content [there's] really not much advantage for the consumer, and still a price premium,"" TCL's Ramirez says.
If your household is anything like mine, then the TV isn't the only screen operating at any time; there are probably two different displays for every person. These could consist of smart speakers, tablets and phones. Perhaps the TV won't even stay the main focus of our living space. 
""Will it be a communal form, or will it be individual?"" asks Future Institute's Sam Jordan. ""I think that with entertainment, there is something that will always be true, that we like to consume things together."" 
Some manufacturers posit that we don't even need a big, clumsy screen lousing up our living space, and those displays will be clever, too. Smart glasses promise a vast screen without the bulk, or the need for four people to lift it. For instance, the $3,499 Apple Vision Pro promises a virtual, 100-foot-wide screen and will play Cinerama movies in their native aspect ratio. Roku's Paul Nangeroni believes that devices like this could become more mainstream if they could replace a large TV for under $1,000.
Yet one could argue that the need to wear proprietary glasses was what killed 3D TV a decade ago, and it continues to hamper the uptake of virtual reality glasses. While sales of the Meta Quest 2 have been healthy – 20 million units so far – they aren't suited to people who need to wear glasses. Having to buy and fit a set of contacts just to wear a $300 headset is too far for many people.
The author trying out a homemade headset as a makeshift small-screen TV viewing experience. An instant later, the Pixel 9 phone dropped to the floor.
Devices like Xreal One try to replicate the cinema environment, and boldly promise a 300-foot screen, but I don't believe they're the answer either. Xreal's glasses look cool, but the first problem is that they aren't wireless and they need to be tethered to your phone. I found the image was similar to just holding a phone up to my face. 
Unimpressed with the Xreal, I was inspired to make my own — with two coffee stirrers and a roll of cloth tape. Of course, the ""display"" was too heavy, and it broke almost immediately. Maybe there is more to this than I thought?
Yet head-mounted displays may be onto something: Why should we be buying bigger and bigger black rectangles? What if we could make a TV that fits the space we have exactly? That's where modular displays could come in.
Future-proofing is one of the main concerns when buying a new TV, but regardless of things like 8K and vertical video – the 4K TV you buy today will still work 10 years from now. Features are secondary to good old picture quality. 
That said, technology continues to improve, and the $1,000 TV sold in 10 years will likely be better than one you buy for the same price today. It will definitely be bigger.
As to what size is optimum, it really does depend on your space and your own personal preference. There's no need for a 115-inch TV at all right now, though this size will probably be even easier to put together in the future. Taking a step down, even 98 inches seems like a stretch, and yet if you're looking for a TV now, always consider going bigger than what you need. Or stick with the one you have now and sit closer; there's no real downside. 
And as far as the effect that other devices will have on our space? What we're likely going to see is very similar to what we have today – the TV as the center of the living room. Any second screens, in whatever form they take, will become even more immersive and integrated into the home, but won't replace our need for togetherness. 
The future is still human.
Correction, Feb. 4: TCL Executive Vice President Chris Hamdorf's name was misspelled in an earlier version of this story. The 115-inch TV's name has also been corrected. 
Senior Motion Designers | Lily Yeh, Jeffrey Hazelwood
Creative Director | Viva Tung
Video production | Celso Bugatti, Jason Pepper, Carly Marsh
Project Manager | Danielle Ramirez
Director of Content | Jonathan Skillings
Editor | Corinne Reichert"
83,2025-02-01,
84,2025-02-01,
85,2025-02-01,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 12 Best Dividend Stocks Under $30. In this article, we are going to take a look at where The Western Union Company (NYSE:WU) stands against the other dividend stocks under $30.
Dividend stocks have remained a focal point for investors, especially amid market volatility and the growing need for steady cash flow. Over time, many investors have turned to dividends as a financial cushion for uncertain periods. According to a recent report by J.P. Morgan Wealth Management, dividend stocks are typically priced lower compared to the broader market. Moreover, high-quality dividend stocks tend to be less volatile, experiencing about 80% of the market’s overall fluctuations. This suggests that they offer a more stable investment option while potentially being available at a more attractive valuation.
Also read:
7 Cheap Quarterly Dividend Stocks to Invest in
This trend has drawn the attention of income-focused investors, leading to an increase in dividend income as a key component of personal earnings. According to a report by S&P Dow Jones Indices, dividend income has grown from 2.68% in Q4 1980 to 7.88% in Q2 2024, highlighting its increasing role as a source of income. The report also pointed out that since 1936, dividends have contributed to more than a third of overall equity returns, with capital gains making up the remainder.
The dividend growth approach has proven effective for long-term investors, as these stocks have delivered solid returns over time. When adjusted for inflation, dividend growth has outpaced rising prices, reinforcing their appeal. A report by WisdomTree noted that from 1957 to 2023, dividends increased at an average annual rate of 5.7%, exceeding inflation by more than 2%. The report also highlighted that dividend reductions were rare, occurring in only six of the past 64 years, and only once dropping more than 5%. In contrast, stock prices declined in 18 of those years, with the steepest drop exceeding 40% and an average decline of over 11%. Stock prices also showed more than twice the volatility of dividend cash flows, as short-term fluctuations are often driven by market sentiment, while long-term value is supported by stable cash flows.
Over the years, US companies have consistently raised or maintained their dividend payouts, reflecting investor preferences. According to J.P. Morgan's Outlook 2025 report, US profit margins remain strong, hitting all-time highs. In this decade, companies in the broader market have returned nearly 75% of their annual earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, compared to just 50% in the 2000s. While concerns about the concentration of the index in major tech firms persist, the report forecasts positive earnings growth across every sector in the broader market for 2025, a trend not seen since 2018.
Tech stocks, traditionally associated with growth, are increasingly becoming dividend payers in response to investor demand. Just a few years ago, the idea of major tech companies offering dividends seemed unlikely. However, the pool of potential dividend stocks is expanding, attracting significant capital that has been sitting in money market instruments to hedge against interest rate risks. Here are some remarks from Dividend Research Analyst Juan Pablo Albornoz told S&P Global Market Intelligence:
""Providing a dividend is a way for these profitable tech companies to prove to the market and their shareholder base that they can provide sustained regular shareholder return on a regular and predictable basis.""
This approach benefits investors who can now combine investments in both growth and income-generating stocks.
Our Methodology:
For this list, we used a Finviz stock screener to find dividend stocks with share prices below $30 as of the close of January 30. From the initial list, we selected 12 companies with dividend yields above 4% and a history of regular dividend payments, indicating sustainable dividends. The stocks are ranked according to their share prices. We also considered hedge fund sentiment around each stock using Insider Monkey’s data for Q3 2024.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points. (see more details here).
A close-up of hands counting bills, depicting the payment services the company offers.
Share Price as of the Close of January 30: $10.4
The Western Union Company (NYSE:WU) is a Colorado-based multinational financial services company that offers online payment services in over 200 countries and territories. Over the past year, the stock has dropped more than 17%. Once a dominant force in its industry, the company lost its competitive edge with the emergence of PayPal and other fintech rivals offering faster, more affordable, and convenient digital payment solutions. In addition, the growth of blockchain technology and cryptocurrency-based transfer services has posed a significant challenge to traditional money transfer businesses.
Despite these challenges, The Western Union Company (NYSE:WU) has attracted investor interest through its commitment to returning value to shareholders. The company’s board recently authorized a $1 billion stock repurchase program with no set expiration date, noting that the timing and amount of buybacks would depend on factors such as market conditions and stock performance. The company has a track record of actively repurchasing shares, having allocated approximately $308 million for buybacks in 2023, with annual repurchases ranging from $240 million to $553 million between 2018 and 2023.
The Western Union Company (NYSE:WU) is one of the best dividend stocks on our list as the company has been making regular dividends to shareholders since 2006. The company's quarterly dividend comes in at $0.235 per share and has a dividend yield of 9.08%, as of January 30.
At the end of Q3 2024, 27 hedge funds tracked by Insider Monkey held stakes in The Western Union Company (NYSE:WU), compared with 32 in the previous quarter. The consolidated value of these stakes is nearly $400 million.
Overall WU ranks 3rd on our list of the best dividend stocks under $30. While we acknowledge the potential for WU as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than WU but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stock To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
86,2025-02-01,Square parent Block and Shopify are trading around buy points despite market volatility.
87,2025-02-01,"Login

ivan
,     

	
    31 January 2025


Samsung Android Featured In for review

The Samsung Galaxy S25 is easily the go-to compact Android phone to get. Yes, you can find small phones with better camera systems - Xiaomi's 15 and vivo's X200 Pro mini come to mind - but those aren't as readily available and we'd argue that they won't be to everyone's liking.
After years of dominating the smartphone market, Samsung feels comfortable to users, an advantage it shares only with the iPhone, which will make the Galaxy S25 an easy choice for the person looking for a new compact Android flagship.
There are no surprises in the retail package. The Galaxy S25 ships with a USB-C cable and a SIM eject tool. Supply your own case and charger. The phone starts off at 128GB for €899/£799/$799  but the 256GB is going for the same price as part of the pre-order bonus (€899/£799/$799/INR 80,999), and there's a 512GB model as well - INR 92,999.
We're impressed by this Navy model. It's a deep and beautiful color and the matte surface takes in and diffuses light. The Galaxy S25 is also impeccably made. It feels solid and premium in a way only matched by the iPhone 16 Pro.
And there's something to be said about software complementing hardware - One UI 7 feels like a substantial step up from version 6. The UI is prettier and more balanced, and it's also tangibly smoother and faster. Well done, Samsung!
Off we go to test the battery life, display and camera quality and everything you can find in a GSMArena review!
Samsung Galaxy S25





These are the best offers from our affiliate partners. We may get a commission from qualifying sales.




128GB 12GB RAM$ 799.99$ 799.99256GB 12GB RAM$ 809.99$ 809.99Show all prices
""You're wasting your time"" 
 
Talking about yourself here, I see. 
 
""The behaviour you are witnessing is not normal. Imagine if NOT Samsung it is targeted an individual, group, gender, class etc."" 
 
It's a compan...
I'm fully aware of what I'm doing, I would love to say positive stuff about Samsung, but they made it impossible I'm sorry.
I was hoping Motorola releases a nice compact phone at 200 range (with slightly less specs)



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS feed
Youtube
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram


© 2000-2025 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use
Change Ad Consent
Do not sell my data
"
88,2025-02-01,
89,2025-02-01,
90,2025-02-01,"Hair of the Dawg It’s the final day of Dry January. I tried it, didn’t last. I’m now drinking (again) like a Pan Am pilot in the seventies. Anyway, the 22% of U.S. adults who abstained from alcohol this month will get a personality upgrade just in time for th…"
91,2025-02-01,Samsung's Android skin is getting its biggest revamp in years
92,2025-02-01,"Join Nvidia’s free Developer Program and unlock 19 self-paced courses

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Nvidia has announced it will be offering free access to 19 self-paced technical courses each worth up to $90.
The initiative is part of the Nvidia Developer Program, which aims to empower developers and tech enthusiasts with cutting-edge knowledge in artificial intelligence and data science.
The courses cover a wide range of topics in five categories including Generative AI and Large Language Models (LLMs), Graphics and Simulation, Accelerated Computing, Data Science, and Deep Learning.
Each course is designed to be self-paced and lasts between two to eight hours. For instance, the Generative AI and LLMs category includes the highly sought-after ""Prompt Engineering with Llama 2"" course, which teaches users how to interact with and optimize large language models effectively.
Meanwhile, the Deep Learning category offers eight courses, making it the most extensive section of the program.
To take advantage of this opportunity, you’ll need to join Nvidia’s free Developer Program. Once registered, you’ll gain access to the full catalog of courses, allowing you to learn at your own pace.
The announcement coincides with the rise of DeepSeek R1, a Chinese AI model making headlines for its impressive capabilities, low training costs, and its ability to be run locally with performance, rivalling OpenAI’s own ChatGPT.
Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed!
DeepSeek recently caused turmoil in the stock market with Nvidia suffering a record-breaking $600 billion share price drop, the largest single-day drop by any company in U.S. history.
While DeepSeek R1 was reportedly trained by the company using Nvidia’s H800 GPU, it relies on Huawei’s Ascend 910C GPU for inference, reducing its dependence on American technology.
Efosa has been writing about technology for over 7 years, initially driven by curiosity but now fueled by a strong passion for the field. He holds both a Master's and a PhD in sciences, which provided him with a solid foundation in analytical thinking. Efosa developed a keen interest in technology policy, specifically exploring the intersection of privacy, security, and politics. His research delves into how technological advancements influence regulatory frameworks and societal norms, particularly concerning data protection and cybersecurity. Upon joining TechRadar Pro, in addition to privacy and technology policy, he is also focused on B2B security products. Efosa can be contacted at this email: udinmwenefosa@gmail.com
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.
Adobe’s 70% discount on Creative Cloud All Apps for students is first-class in my opinion
Global tablet sales saw a huge rise in 2024 - and one company keeps dominating
DeepSeek AI app should be banned from US government devices, lawmakers say

Techradar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
93,2025-02-01,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
(Bloomberg) -- The US labor market probably kicked off 2025 with another month of solid growth, while highly anticipated annual revisions are likely to showcase a noticeably more moderate pace of hiring over the past few years.
Most Read from Bloomberg
When French Communists Went on a Brutalist Building Boom
How the 2025 Catholic Jubilee Is Reshaping Rome
New York’s First ‘Passive House’ School Is a Model of Downtown Density
Trump Paves the Way to Deputize Local Police on Immigration
Historic London Elevator Faces Last Stop in Labour’s Housing Push
Payrolls increased by 170,000 in January after larger advances over the prior two months, when the labor market was recovering from the impacts of hurricanes and a major strike, according to the median projection of economists surveyed by Bloomberg.
The monthly jobs report on Friday will also include annual revisions from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The agency will align the level of payrolls from March of last year to a more comprehensive job count from a quarterly survey derived from unemployment insurance programs.
In August, a preliminary estimate from the BLS indicated its payrolls count in the year through March was overstated by more than 800,000. Revisions to the quarterly survey since then, however, show a smaller adjustment is likely.
The benchmark revisions will also include adjustments for business births and deaths which play a role in BLS payrolls revisions since March.
What Bloomberg Economics Says...
“As part of the BLS’s annual benchmarking exercise, the employment level for March 2024 will likely be revised down by about 700k — less than the preliminary benchmark estimate of -818k. Updated forecasts for the ‘birth-and-death’ model should lower December’s employment level by another 234k. Altogether, last year’s average monthly job growth should fall from 182k to an estimated 148k after the revisions.”
—Anna Wong, Stuart Paul, Eliza Winger, Estelle Ou & Chris G. Collins, economists. To read the full note, click here
For Federal Reserve officials, the expected outcome of the January jobs report and the benchmark revisions will likely be consistent with their view that labor demand is moderating, though still strong enough to underpin the economy.
Policymakers, nodding to resilient employment growth, kept interest rates unchanged on Wednesday as they await further progress on inflation before reducing borrowing costs further. A number of Fed officials, including governors Philip Jefferson, Michelle Bowman and Adriana Kugler, speak in the coming days.
Among other data, a BLS report on Tuesday is expected to show about 8 million job openings in December, little changed from a month earlier. The Institute for Supply Management will release January manufacturing and services surveys on Monday and Wednesday, respectively.
Meanwhile, policymakers and investors will be watching for the broader fallout after President Donald Trump unleashed the first salvo of his tariff war. Canada and Mexico vowed to hit back at US levies with tit-for-tat measures, while China vowed “corresponding countermeasures,” without announcing any new tariffs.
For more, read Bloomberg Economics’ full Week Ahead for the US
In Canada, the January labor force survey will show whether surprisingly strong job gains continued into the new year. Trade data for December will reveal the latest surplus with the US, which Trump views as an irritant despite being driven by cheap Albertan crude shipments.
Elsewhere, likely rate cuts from the UK to India to Mexico, and inflation data from the euro zone to Turkey, will be among the highlights.
Click here for what happened last week, and below is our wrap of what’s coming up in the global economy.
Asia
In Asia, factory output data on Monday from a number of countries, including Australia, Japan, South Korea and Indonesia, will provide an insight into manufacturing activity at the start of the year.
Also on Monday, Australia’s retail sales for December will show if the shopping spree seen in the second half of 2024 continued.
Indonesia will release its consumer price data for January — the month it surprised investors with a rate cut. Thailand and the Philippines also report inflation this week.
On Wednesday, Caixin PMI from China will show if activity stayed strong following a rapid expansion in December that was helped by Beijing’s stimulus blitz. Singapore and India report PMIs for January the same day.
In New Zealand, quarterly jobs and wages data will provide an indication of the health of the country’s labor market. The data will be a key input for the Reserve Bank of New Zealand’s February policy meeting, when it’s expected to continue cutting rates aggressively.
Japan will release wage data for December on Wednesday, amid a focus on whether upcoming pay negotiations between companies and unions will lead to the kind of strong outcome that the Bank of Japan expects to see.
Thursday will see trade data from Australia and Vietnam. The latter will also publish figures on consumer prices, retail sales and industrial production.
On Friday, the Reserve Bank of India is expected to embark on an easing cycle with a cut in its repurchase rate to 6.25%.
For more, read Bloomberg Economics’ full Week Ahead for Asia
Europe, Middle East, Africa
The Bank of England is likely to deliver its third rate reduction of the current cycle, another cautious step toward easing constriction on the British economy.
With services inflation at still more than twice its 2% target and pay growth buoyant, UK central bank officials are weighing the need to aid expansion against the danger of letting consumer-price pressures return. Investors will watch for signals on the pace of future moves, as well as for the vote tally, showing how strong a consensus officials have on the need for easing.
In the euro zone, where the European Central Bank just cut borrowing costs for the fifth time, the first inflation reading of 2025 will be released on Monday. With January results for German and France stable, the overall number for the region is likely to stay unchanged, at 2.4%.
Also of note will be national manufacturing data. In Germany, factory orders on Thursday and industrial production on Friday will show if the multi-year downturn in Europe’s largest economy is bottoming out. Trade figures will reveal the extent of its surplus with the US — a sore point for Trump.
French industrial numbers are scheduled for Wednesday, followed by Spain’s report on Friday.
Comments by ECB officials in the wake of the rate decision may also draw attention. Chief Economist Philip Lane will speak on Tuesday, while Vice President Luis de Guindos is on the calendar for Friday.
Speaking on Sunday, Dutch central bank chief said that “inflation is well on track to return to the desired 2% later this year” and getting to the ECB’s price target will allow to “gradually” take “our foot off the brake” of restrictive monetary policy.
In the Nordics, Sweden’s Riksbank on Tuesday will release minutes of its Jan. 29 decision, when it cut borrowing costs and signaled a halt to easing for now. Consumer-price data will be published two days later, revealing if the inflation measure targeted by officials remains comfortably below 2% for an eighth month.
Looking south, data on Monday will probably show Turkish inflation slowed to 41% in January. The central bank is hoping that it weakens rapidly to hit 21% by year-end, enabling it to continue an easing cycle that started in December.
For more, read Bloomberg Economics’ full Week Ahead for EMEA
Aside from the BOE, several other monetary decisions are due in the region:
The Bank of Mauritius on Tuesday will likely cut rates, as inflation is within its 2%-to-5% target range and is expected to remain benign because of lower global oil prices and a stronger rupee.
The Polish central bank will probably keep borrowing costs unchanged on Wednesday. Governor Adam Glapinski briefs reporters the following day.
Also on Wednesday, Icelandic policymakers are likely to cut rates. Local lenders Landsbankinn hf and Islandsbanki hf each predict a half-point reduction.
Kenya may also lower borrowing costs on Wednesday. Its real rate is one of the world’s highest, and inflation is forecast to stay below the 5% midpoint of the target range for the next couple of months.
Uganda will likely be less bold when it delivers its decision on Thursday, leaving the benchmark unchanged at 9.75% as price growth continues to inch up.
Also on Thursday, the Czech central bank is widely anticipated to reduce its rate by a quarter point. Czech Prime Minister Petr Fiala weighed in on Sunday, saying he favors faster monetary easing than is currently anticipated.
Rate meetings are also scheduled in Armenia and Moldova.
Latin America
Chile posts December GDP-proxy data, likely to confirm that the economy is losing momentum. Fourth-quarter growth may undershoot central bank forecasts even as sticky inflation readings have sidelined the central bank for now.
Seventeen of 30 analysts surveyed by Citi expect Banxico to deliver a fifth straight quarter-point rate cut, while the other 13 see a 50 bps cut. With inflation back in the target range and the economy downshifting, policymakers have indicated they’ll consider larger rate cuts.
One big caveat: Trump’s move to go ahead with tariffs on the US’s No. 1 trading partner now means an outright pause is hardly out of the question.
Meanwhihle, Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum nominated Jose Gabriel Cuadra Garcia to the central bank’s five-member board.
Brazil’s central bank on Tuesday posts the minutes of its Jan. 28-29 meeting, the first overseen by new chief Gabriel Galipolo.
After delivering a second straight 100 basis-point hike, to 13.25%, the board repeated prior guidance that at the very least they’ll maintain that pace at their next meeting in March. Twelve-month inflation expectations in the central bank’s Jan. 24 Focus survey surged 51 basis points, the biggest weekly increase since 2003.
Consumer prices likely sped up in Chile last month while edging lower in Colombia and slowing dramatically in Mexico.
None of the economies is expected to have inflation back to target before the second quarter of 2026 at the earliest.
For more, read Bloomberg Economics’ full Week Ahead for Latin America
--With assistance from Shamim Adam, Laura Dhillon Kane, Monique Vanek, Piotr Skolimowski, Paul Wallace, Ragnhildur Sigurdardottir, Robert Jameson, Swati Pandey and Tom Rees.
(Updates with Czech premier in EMEA section)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Elon Musk Inside the Treasury Department Payment System
The Internet Almost Killed Barnes & Noble, Then Saved It
Indy Pass, the Anti-Vail Seasonal Ski Ticket, Is Gaining Fans
What America's Tech Billionaires Really Bought When They Backed Donald Trump
Musk Pitches New Narrative as Tesla Sales Fall
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
94,2025-02-01,"The Ampace Andes 1500 can run your heater in the cold, A/C in the heat, or your cooktop at the campsite"
95,2025-02-01,"
Sometimes a rumor is just a rumor. And other times it's a precursor of fact.
Friday night was evidence of the latter as the New York Rangers and Vancouver Canucks finally pulled off a long-discussed deal that sent disgruntled center J.T. Miller to Broadway as the highest-profile piece of a transaction involving four other players and a draft pick.
J.T. Miller has been traded to the New York Rangers, according to multiple reports. <a href=""https://t.co/UvdmP6oZma"">pic.twitter.com/UvdmP6oZma</a>
It's a return to Madison Square Garden for the 31-year-old Miller, who was picked 15th overall by the Rangers in 2011 and spent parts of six seasons there before he was traded to Tampa Bay in February 2018, then subsequently moved to Vancouver in June 2019.
It's the latest in a flurry of activity kicked off by the blockbuster that sent winger Mikko Rantanen to Carolina as part of a three-team deal with Colorado and Chicago on January 24.
The B/R hockey team took a deep dive and came up with a definitive list of winners and losers on the Miller trade. Take a look at what we came up with and drop a thought or two of your own in the app comments.

It's a little early for a full-fledged victory lap.
Still, it was a pretty good night for GM Chris Drury.
The Rangers haven't exactly performed to expectations while running up a .520 points percentage through 50 games, a season after they'd won the Metropolitan Division and earned their first Presidents' Trophy since 2015.
But acquiring a player coming off a 103-point season–not to mention a 20-year-old prospect and a former first-round pick with nearly 300 games played that came along with him–makes the team better and deeper and instantly boosts their playoff hopes.
Considering the primary cost for Miller was Filip Chytil, a good, young player but one who's had recurring issues with concussions, and given that New York held on to defenseman Ryan Lindgren, there's plenty of reason for Drury to celebrate.

Let's just say the Canucks weren't in a position of strength.
The rift between Miller and Elias Pettersson was enough for GM Patrik Allvin and hockey operations boss Jim Rutherford to ponder the market for each player, and for Rutherford to tell The Globe and Mail that there was ""not a good solution"" to keep the group together.
So it's no surprise, then, that the haul they were able to get in return for Miller isn't exactly what one might expect for a player who's coming off a 100-plus-point season and signed through 2029-30.
Chytil has maxed out at 22 goals and 45 points across parts of seven seasons since he was drafted 21st overall in 2017, while complementary part Victor Mancini has five points and a minus-3 rating through 15 games in his first season since he was drafted in 2022.
And given Miller's likely impact on the Rangers, it's unlikely the first-round pick now owned by Vancouver this summer will result in a sure-fire impact player given that the draft is not considered as deep as others in recent years.

The Rangers don't have a recent history of handling youth too well.
And it's presumably no different here given that they're acquiring a 31-year-old center in exchange for a 25-year-old center who was drafted in the first round, a defensive prospect who's just 22, and a first-round pick in the upcoming 2025 draft.
It's not the sort of haul that'll get statues erected for either Allvin or Rutherford, but there is a risk for Drury if Chytil blossoms in British Columbia, if Mancini turns into a long-term serviceable NHL'er, or if the first-rounder becomes something more than a name on a list.
And lest we forget, the deal comes just a few weeks after the Rangers sent former second-overall pick Kaapo Kakko, a 23-year-old winger, to Seattle and watched him produce more points in his first 20 games with the Kraken (15) than he did in 30 games in New York (14).

All of a sudden, it's not so bad to be J.T. Miller.
He'll make $8 million annually from now through 2029-30, he's coming off a 103-point season in which he played in the All-Star Game, and now that the deal has gone through he's returning to a team and a market he knows quite well.
The Ohio native was drafted by the Rangers in 2011, played minor-league hockey with the franchise's affiliate in Connecticut for two seasons, and scored his first two NHL goals in his first game at Madison Square Garden exactly 12 years ago this week.
He joins a team with a perennial MVP candidate in Artemi Panarin, former Norris and Vezina Trophy winners in Adam Fox and Igor Shesterkin, and a host of talented complementary players like Chris Kreider and Mika Zibanejad. And upon arrival, he makes them better.
Sure, British Columbia is beautiful. But there are worse things than playing on Broadway.

Maybe it makes the Canucks better. Maybe it doesn't.
But either way, you've got to think Elias Pettersson is smiling just a bit.
The issues with Miller weren't going to go away until someone was moved, and the Swedish forward was on record saying his preference was to remain in Vancouver.
So the Canucks brass dispatched Miller instead, brought in a few pieces in his place, and essentially gave Pettersson the on-ice keys to the franchise with which he signed an eight-year, $92.8 million contract extension last March.
Sure, there's some pressure to show the 55-point pace he's on through 44 games was due in part to the Miller conflict, but, c'mon, what's better than watching an enemy pack his bags?

For the New Jersey Devils, he's the one that got away. Again.
GM Tom Fitzgerald was rumored to be on the hunt for Miller for several weeks, but Drury's eventual trigger-pull on Friday took another high-profile target off the wish list.
The Devils had 63 points through 53 games and seem safe as far as the playoff chase goes, but watching the Rangers get a 103-point player just days after another Metropolitan rival, Carolina, snatched Mikko Rantanen and Taylor Hall in the same deal, doesn't exactly stoke Garden State optimism once the tournament gets started.
Fitzgerald has done a stellar job remaking his roster over the past few seasons and he may yet find a willing partner for an eventual deadline move, but it's a bit harder to imagine at this point now that Miller is out of play."
96,2025-02-01,
97,2025-02-01,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 AI Stocks on Analysts' Radars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where F5 Inc. (NASDAQ:FFIV) stands against the other AI stocks.
Despite DeepSeek and Qwen 2.5 disrupting the global tech sector, investors welcomed the impressive Q4 AI revenues from leading US tech firms like International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM). The company’s stock price reached an all-time high of $261 on January 30th as it reported GenAI's book of business surpassing $5 billion since the segment's inception.
""Three years ago, we laid out a vision for a faster-growing, more-profitable IBM. I'm proud of the work the IBM team has done to meet or exceed our commitments. With our focused strategy, enhanced portfolio, and culture of innovation, we're well-positioned for 2025 and beyond and expect revenue growth of at least five percent and free cash flow of about $13.5 billion this year,” said IBM CEO Arvind Krishna.
While the S&P 500 sharply fell from its record high of 6,118 on January 23rd to 6,012 on January 27th, the benchmark index appears to have momentum in the past few days, climbing to 6,071 on January 30th.
However, several concerns remain about the adoption of AI, in terms of security and job losses. Code.org Founder and CEO Hadi Partovi said at the World Economic Forum that the risk isn’t people losing their jobs to AI, but losing work “to somebody else who knows how to use AI. That is going to be a much greater displacement.”
""It's not that the worker gets replaced by just a robot or a machine in most cases, especially for desk jobs, it's that some better educated or more modernly educated worker can do that job because they can be twice as productive or three times as productive,"" he explained. “The imperative is to teach how AI tools work to every citizen, and especially to our young people.""
We selected AI stocks by reviewing news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. We listed the stocks in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiment taken from Insider Monkey’s database of 900 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A network engineer gazing intently at computer monitors, surrounded by servers and storage systems.
F5 Inc. (NASDAQ:FFIV) offers application security, multi-cloud management, online fraud prevention, network security, and application delivery networking (ADN) services to secure, optimize, and deliver applications in cloud environments. The company specializes in protecting and managing APIs across different platforms for financial institutions, governments, and large enterprises. The F5 AI Data Fabric platform is a collection of models and APIs that make ML and AI highly accessible to users, offer enhanced app delivery and API protection, and ensure faster adaptability and response to cybersecurity threats. Meanwhile, the company’s AI Assistant within its F5 Distributed Cloud Services enables swift query-resolution, obtains relevant recommendations, and creates dashboards on a new-age natural language interface using the collective knowledge of the F5 ecosystem.
On January 31st, BofA increased F5 Inc.’s (NASDAQ:FFIV) target price to $260 from $180 but maintained an “Underperform” stock rating. The brokerage analyzed the company’s Q1 results earlier this week and inferred that it sees ""a better near-term growth outlook."" However, analysts said most growth drivers are driven by temporary factors, the multiple is back to its historical high, and Q1 ""may have been the best quarter for the year.”
Overall FFIV ranks 8th on our list of the AI stocks on analysts' radars. While we acknowledge the potential of FFIV as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than FFIV but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stock To Buy Now and Complete List of All AI Companies Under $2 Billion Market Cap.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
98,2025-02-01,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Stocks for Beginners with Little Money According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against the other beginner-friendly stocks.
Uncertainty sweeps across the US with the incoming administration’s potential policies. Simultaneously, the Federal Reserve has decided to pause its rate-cutting cycle and the decision to resume easing is doubtful amidst Trump's trade policies which are being deemed inflationary. Tariffs on foreign imports are considered a risk of reviving inflation. According to Reuters, Dustin Reid, chief strategist of fixed income at Mackenzie Investments in Toronto, reiterated the uncertainty looming as follows:
""Everything that is going on right now, from economic data to markets news and tariffs, adds up to a lot more uncertainty across all markets""
Recently, technology stocks benefitting from the business potential of AI witnessed a deep shock as Chinese startup DeepSeek revealed a large language model that can compete with American AI giants but at a fraction of the cost of OpenAI’s, Google’s, or Meta’s popular AI models. DeepSeek unveiled a free, open-source large language model that it claims took only two months and less than $6 to build.
The event raised a lot of concerns over America’s leadership in the AI sector and how big tech giants are investing heavily in AI models and data centers while DeepSeek somehow developed a highly competitive model without having as much compute as U.S. hyperscalers, as pointed out by Srini Pajjuri, semiconductor analyst at Raymond James. While the US has been trying to limit China’s access to the chips powering advanced AI systems, the news about DeepSeek’s chatbot making it to most-downloaded free app in the US on Apple’s App Store demonstrates the country’s rapid gains in the sector.
Our Methodology:
In order to compile a list of the 10 best stocks for beginners with little money according to hedge funds, we used a consensus of similar rankings as well as blue-chip ETFs. Moving on, we shortlisted the top 10 stocks from our list which had the highest number of hedge fund holders. The 10 best stocks for beginners with little money according to hedge funds have been arranged in ascending order of their hedge fund holders as of Q3.
At Insider Monkey we are obsessed with the stocks that hedge funds pile into. The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A customer entering an internet retail store, illustrating the convenience of online shopping.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 286
Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is a leading e-commerce company that has grown in a variety of businesses such as its core e-commerce operations, cloud services, as well as digital advertising. Additionally, Amazon manufactures and sells electronic devices such as Kindle, Ring, Blink, Fire tablet, Fire TV, and Echo.
Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) serves as a global leader in e-commerce, cloud computing, and digital streaming. The company posted better-than-expected earnings and revenue for its most recent quarter, with Amazon’s cloud and advertising units showing strong growth. Ahead of the new earnings for Q4 2024 which are to be released on February 6, several Wall Street firms agree the e-commerce and cloud giant boasts the strongest setup among the mega-cap tech companies going into the earnings season, as reported by CNBC.
Jefferies analyst Brent Thill maintained a Buy rating on the stock and set a price target of $275. On January 24, Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) also got a Buy rating from Scotiabank’s Nat Schindler. Lisa Schreiber from Gradient Investments emphasized Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) being one of her top picks for 2025 as follows:
“It’s the leader in online retail and is very well-diversified with its cloud-based business, where it’s also a leader. Additionally, its ad business is gaining momentum and doing very well. Together with the fact that the path to AI monetization seems clearer for Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) compared to other big names, we just have to recall their latest commentary around their cloud business, where they plan to introduce their own AI chip, which could potentially rival Nvidia down the road. The introduction of their AI agents is also increasing efficiency in their online retail. I think all of that presents great opportunities for 2025.”
Overall AMZN ranks 1st on our list of the best stocks for beginners with little money according to hedge funds. While we acknowledge the potential of AMZN as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some deeply undervalued AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for a deeply undervalued AI stock that is more promising than AMZN but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
