,date,content
0,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published a list of the 10 Best Cancer Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE:TMO) stands against other best cancer stocks to buy.
Cancer is the second leading cause of death across the globe, second to cardiovascular disease. According to data by the American Cancer Society released in January 2023, the United States was expected to have around 1,958,310 cancer patients by the end of 2023 alone. This reflects a 28% increase from 2010. More than 2 million new cases of cancer were likely to be diagnosed in the US in 2024, with more than 600,000 deaths from the ailment expected in the same year. Like the increasing number of cancer patients, the cost of treating cancer is on an upward trajectory as well. While it cost around $200 billion to treat cancer in the US in 2020, the total expense is anticipated to exceed $245 billion by 2030.
According to the “Oncology Pharmaceuticals Market 2024” report, global funding for cancer research has grown exponentially over the past two decades. The FDA approved 161 new cancer therapies between 2017 and 2022, which reflects the fast pace with which treatment in the field is advancing. These statistics make oncology one of the most comprehensive sectors of the life science space. The oncology sector covers the entire cancer care process, from diagnosis to treatment.
Pharmaceutical and biotech companies around the world are continuously striving to develop more effective cancer treatments. According to Fortune Business Insights, this endeavor is expected to continue increasing in magnitude in the coming future. The global oncology drugs market was valued at around $201.75 billion in 2023. It is anticipated to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 11.3%, going from $220.80 billion in 2024 to $518.25 billion by 2032.
Some of the primary factors driving the growth of the oncology drugs market include the advancements in targeted immunotherapies for cancer care and the increasing prevalence of cancer across the globe. This growth rate makes investment in oncology-related companies a lucrative bet. North America is the most dominant geographical region in the global oncology drugs market. It held a 45.92% market share in 2023.
READ ALSO: 12 Best Stocks to Buy in 2025 for Beginners and 12 Undervalued Defensive Stocks for 2025. 
The precision oncology market reflects similar trends. The National Institutes of Health (NIH) defines precision oncology as a form of treatment where medical professionals choose treatments by keeping the DNA signature of an individual patient’s tumor in view. Statistics from Grand View Research show that the global precision oncology market size was valued at $115.8 billion in 2024.
It is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of 8.05% between 2025 and 2030. This growth is attributed to the increasing demand for diagnostics products, technological advances, avoiding particular drug resistance, and the increasing minimizing of the side effects of therapies in cancer patients.
The adoption of AI in the oncology sector is increasing dramatically. According to a report by Mordor Intelligence, the AI in oncology market size is expected to be around $1.98 billion in 2025, and is anticipated to reach around $9.04 billion by 2030. This reflects growth at a CAGR of 35.51% between 2025 and 2030.
The increasing adoption of AI to diagnose, analyze, and treat complex datasets related to oncology is helping reduce the burden on physicians and hospital infrastructure, streamlining the process. While the largest market for AI in oncology is North America, the fastest-growing sector market is the Asia-Pacific region.
We sifted through stock screeners, online rankings, and ETFs to compile a list of 30 cancer stocks. We then selected the top 10 stocks most popular among elite hedge funds. We sourced hedge fund data from Insider Monkey’s database. The stocks are sorted in ascending order of the number of hedge fund holders that have stakes in them as of Q3 2024.
Why do we care about what hedge funds do? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A workstation in a research lab stocked with laboratory products and services.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 98
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE:TMO) provides analytical instruments, reagents, equipment, software, and other services for analysis, research, diagnostics, and discovery. It operates through the Analytical Instruments, Life Sciences Solutions, Laboratory Products and Services, and Specialty Diagnostics segments. It offers multiple solutions to diagnose and predict cancer.
The company is on a solid growth trajectory. It reported $11.4 billion in revenue in fiscal Q4 2024, reflecting a 5% year-over-year growth. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE:TMO) holds a competitive market position due to its leadership in life sciences, long-term customer relationships, and high switching expenses. Its consumables and equipment are especially useful in drug development.
It also has a strong dividend yield, with seven consecutive years of growth. The company outperformed the sector median of two years by 250%, reflecting its ability to return value to its shareholders. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE:TMO) expects to continue its consistent growth, and management forecasts high-single-digit revenue growth in the coming years. The company’s strong cash position further bolsters its standing, as it generated over $7.3 billion in free cash flow in fiscal 2024.
Overall, TMO ranks 3rd on our list of the best cancer stocks to buy according to hedge funds. While we acknowledge the potential of TMO, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than TMO but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
1,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published an article titled Why These 15 AI Stocks Are Skyrocketing So Far In 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Digital Turbine (NASDAQ:APPS) stands against the other AI stocks.
AI stocks were hit hard by DeepSeek’s announcement, but it seems to be that DeepSeek is only causing more optimism in the long run for many AI companies. This is because cost has been a big problem for AI companies, and if they can make progress on this front, it will let AI companies make much more powerful models with the existing hardware they have.
DeepSeek is open source, so most AI companies can learn from its efficiency and integrate it. Moreover, companies and VCs are still willing to put money into AI companies and are doubling down on their bets. This likely means that AI companies will be able to make even more progress in the long run.
The real action has been spreading into many AI companies beyond the familiar names. Plus, we’re seeing the rise of agentic AI. These stocks crushed the market last year, and despite the DeepSeek catalyst this year, they are still doing well.
Methodology
For this article, I screened the top-performing AI stocks year-to-date. Stocks that I have covered recently will be excluded from this list.
I will also mention the number of hedge fund investors in these stocks. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds invest in? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points. (see more details here).
A row of mobile phones, highlighting the company's mobile growth platform.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q3 2024: 19
Digital Turbine (NASDAQ:APPS) is a mobile growth platform. It has pre-installed app services and content monetization for device manufacturers and carriers. It also has products for advertisers and publishers.
The stock has gained significantly in 2025 due to its announcement of a program that aims to achieve over $25 million in annual cost savings. This includes a focus on alternative app ecosystems through its acquisition of ONE Store International.
Digital Turbine will be able to diversify its revenue and reduce its reliance on legacy products. It has also partnered up with Xiaomi.
In Q2 FY2025 (ended September 30, 2024), Digital Turbine reported $118.7 million in sales, down 17% year-over-year. It also reported a $25 million GAAP net loss, though this was an improvement over the $161.5 million loss in the same quarter the previous year. Non-GAAP adjusted net income came in at $5 million.
Adjusted EBITDA was $15.3 million, down 45% year-over-year but up 6% sequentially. It had a cash balance of $32 million as of the quarter’s end.
The consensus price target of $2.38 implies 5.4% downside risk.
APPS stock is up 42.6% year-over-year.
Overall APPS ranks 11th on our list of the AI stocks that are skyrocketing so far in 2025. While we acknowledge the potential of APPS as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than APPS but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: Why These 15 Stocks Are Skyrocketing in 2025 and 10 Hottest Smid-Cap Stocks So Far In 2025
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
2,2025-02-02,"You’ve probably noticed that everywhere you go — the doctor’s office, hotels, or retail shops, there are tiny PCs everywhere. These small PCs often show up on the surplus market for a very good price, but they aren’t quite full-blown PCs. They usually have little option for expansion and are made to be cheap and small. That means many of them have custom and anemic power supplies. We aren’t sure if [bm_00] needed a regular power supply to handle a graphics card or if the original power supply died, but either way, the HP small-form-factor box needed a new power supply. It took some clever work to be able to use a normal power supply in the little box.
At first, we thought this wouldn’t be much of a story. The motherboard surely took all the regular pins, so it would just be a matter of making an adapter, right? Apparently not. The computers run totally on 12V and the motherboard handles things like turning the computer on and off. The computer also was trying to run the power supply’s fan which needed some work arounds.

Granted, you could just wire the power supply to be on all the time, but it is nice to be able to turn everything off. The plan was to use the always-on 5V standby rail to drive a pair of relays. One relay senses the computer’s on/off switch and triggers the ATX power supply to turn on.
The problem is the computer wants to draw a little 12V power all the time. So, in an odd turn of events, a small boost converter changes the 5V standby voltage to enough current to drive the PC in the “off” mode.  When the power supply’s 5V rails turn on, they throw the other relay to disconnect the boost converter and supply the real 12V supply.
There’s only one problem with that. The motherboard sees a power glitch when the switch occurs. So, there’s a hefty capacitor to smooth out the transient. Well, there’s another problem. In some cases, though, the boost converter couldn’t provide enough power for the motherboard before the boot process.
Honestly, we think we would just put a switch or a power strip in the supply’s AC cord and have been done with it. But we admire the tenacity and ingenuity.
Then again, you could just put the PC in the power supply. Around here, old power supplies usually get benched.
I’m old enough to remember when an “HP” logo on a device mean you had purchased the very best–or at least one of the very best– of that piece of electronics gear.
These days, the only ‘hack”  better than replacing proprietary HP computer subassemblies with generic ones is to throw out the HP junk entirely and vow never buy another.
Those were the years “B.C.” (Before Carly)
+1
Their printers in the last 20 years are hot garbage too.
The build quality, both hardware and software-wise is shocking and they run Windows CE!
(The ones at work have a natty little sticker on the back that says “Powered by Windows CE” :P
“Toner low” when the b****y thing has half a cartridge left too!
I’ve got a secondhand Laserjet 1100 from the last century that came from a fleamarket 15-odd years ago and it is still working absolutely fine. It was from a veterinary practice originally so I was told and is just ticking over on the last of the toner carts it came with. Replacements aren’t too expensive either so I might just keep hold of it for a while longer.
HP used to be a trusted name. The only HP I’ll trust these days is the sauce! XD
LaserJet 5 here. Got it (broken fuser and feed gears) for free and rebuilt it myself over COVID wfh. Has been sitting on the network, printing when needed since then. Could not be happier with it.
1200 with RPi Zero W running CUPS here. New toner is like $2. I pay more for having it shipped.
Bought LaserJet 6mp used on eBay in 2005. Running strong 30k pages later, replaced toner three times. Only gripe is electricity usage.
Back when HP started going down the toilet, the Test Equipment division broke off and became Agilent.
Agilent now focuses on clinical lab equipment, and general test equipment split again into Keysight.
Keysight make some nice gear. HP? Not so much.
I know Intel shortly waffled on about a power supply standard they propped up that eliminated any 3.3v, 5v and negative voltage rails.
Knowing HP, they just copied Intels homework, changed a few things (pin-out and physical dimensions) and then rolled with it.
It’s the same with Dell Optiplexes, Lenovo Thinkcentres, and even later Acer Veritons.
There’s actually prebuilt 3rd-party PSU adapter cables (with 5v -> 12v boost converter) for HPs and Dells at least.
Is this really a proprietary power supply in these SFF systems? Or is it just the ATX12VO standard with a proprietary connector?
This type of PSU predates the ATX12VO standard though. The HP Elitedesk 800 G1 (Haswell/Intel 4th gen) from over a decade ago already had it, just like the Dell Optiplex 9020 (same generation). If anything, ATX12VO merely standardized something the OEMs were already doing.
I recently replaced a power supply in a Lenovo office computer that seemed to be just like a standard SFF ATX12VO PSU but with a very slightly nonstandard connector…to be fair it looks like the ATX12VO standard was still being ironed out when this computer hit the market. If I wasn’t able to find an exact replacement, swapping the connector on a standard one would’ve been an option.
This seems like a lot of work for something that should be simple. If it just expects a basic 12 V power supply then just give it a basic 12 V power supply.
If it’s all proprietary and designed to be as small and low cost as possible then it probably doesn’t have any normal connectors like PCIe either so it’s unlikely you would plug in anything else that would need an ATX power supply.
It’s not a basic 12V power supply, but more like a regular ATX PSU but with notable changes:
standby voltage is now 12V (up from 5V)
5V and 3.3V voltage rails removed, motherboard supplies those voltages.
I can think of three interconnected reasons why this approach was made:
simplify PSU design (lower costs)
improve conversion efficiency (older SFF PSUs weren’t even 80 Plus compliant)
increase rated output
Description of “standby voltage is now 12V (up from 5V)
5V and 3.3V voltage rails removed” describes ATX12VO
Or, after connecting the necessary wires to the motherboard connectors, just install another switch at the front panel to bridge Green+GND and start the PSU. Then press the second ( the original ) button to start the computer.
Or putting a 555 timer into service to activate the power button for you.
Use a latching pushbutton for the Power Switch if you like, or be fancy and use a momentary button and a latching relay that will release when the power LED goes out.
im still a fan of mains switches. that way you can make sure the damn thing isnt spying on you when its “off”.
Ah, the big awesome lever switches on some old AT PCs – nice clunk to them.
Or the ones on the AT PSU but inside the case – mechanically extended to the front. ;-)
I vaguely remember needing a key to turn those on. There was a “key” pin on the power supply connector, another  actual cylinder key to lock the case, the power, and the keyboard,
I remember some whip’s on first conversations where there were 3 possible meanings for the word key , and several for the word lock all related to hardware.
Maybe I’m confusing it with PDP8s and PDP 11s
I vaguely remember needing a key to turn those on. There was a “key” pin on the power supply connector, another  actual cylinder key to lock the case, the power, and the keyboard,
I remember some whip’s on first conversations where there were 3 possible meanings for the word key , and several for the word lock all related to hardware.
Maybe I’m confusing it with PDP8s and PDP 11s
Concern for ‘spying’, sure.  But even just spontaneous self-starts for no reason (or, not MY reason).  And phantom loads.  And leakage current.  And the threat of a power surge frying your supply even when the equipment is turn ‘off’.
Soft switches even (usually) have the fundamental bad design of having the same action (push the same button) to start and stop the machine.  Even worse, sometimes it’s a long-press or a double-tap, and a loooong-press is ‘reset’.  Arrgh.
Hard switches are good.
I recently ran into this same problem except I went with a larger case and a standard 1200 watt. Power supply with a $10 adapter from Amazon  the power supply fan error message can be easily corrected by jumping a couple of pins
At first glance I thought this hack was for a HP Mini PC, but it is for a HP Elitedesk SFF (small form factor). Cos those minis need a genuine HP laptop supply to even POST.
I think the original hacker may have been barking up 2 wrong trees:
1. Have the power button circuit engage the PSU directly, then after a slight delay signal the motherboard to come on.  (This may be a little tricky due to the power switch being on the PCB in these types of systems.  But it’s an excellent excuse to try a custom round metal lit power button.)
The power changeover situation (which shouldn’t happen with solution #1 above) can be solved with a small FET board called an ‘ideal diode’.  Most systems are rated for 1-2Amps of sleep current, so it shouldn’t require a very expensive board.  The purpose is to fail over to the highest voltage, possibly with some configuration to delay switchover to prevent oscillation.
On the subject of what power supply to use, I have been getting FlexATX FSP500-30AS power supplies originally meant for NUC Extreme computers for $20 each with shipping on eBay (they accept offers, might as well get 2).  I have one powering a 12700KF and RTX3080 right now after adapting it to 24-pin ATX.  It has niceties like 2x 8pin PCIe power, and an ATX 12v 8-pin.  You will have to solder onto a circuit board internally to bring out 5V, but since this project doesn’t even need 5V you should be fine.
Looking into the 10pin from the connector side with the clip on top:
_________Latch__________
3.3v Gnd PWOn Gnd Gnd
3.3v Gnd 5Vsb 12v 12v
A bonus with the FlexATX is you can position it so more airflow can reach the video card fans instead of being blocked by the power supply.
That looks a lot like the HP power supply I picked up dirt cheap at a local thrift store. After figuring out that it needed a PWM signal to keep the fan from screaming at full speed, it made a good power supply for some 12V LED strips. The one I got was built pretty well and RF quiet.
Please be kind and respectful to help make the comments section excellent. (Comment Policy)
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

						By using our website and services, you expressly agree to the placement of our performance, functionality and advertising cookies. Learn more"
3,2025-02-02,
4,2025-02-02,"Shelling at a busy market near Sudan's capital has filled a mortuary with bodies, medical charity Doctors Without Borders (MSF) says.
MSF and the Sudanese authorities said the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) were responsible for Saturday's attack in the city of Omdurman, which killed and injured more than 100 people - a claim the RSF has denied.
The majority of those killed at the market were women and children, the Sudanese Doctors' Union says.
The RSF and Sudan's army have been locked in a civil war that, over 22 months, has killed tens of thousands and sparked what the UN describes as one of the world's worst humanitarian disasters.
In the past few weeks, the army has stepped up its offensive in Omdurman, which lies across the River Nile from capital city, Khartoum, aiming to regain complete control from the RSF.
Eyewitnesses told the AFP news agency that Saturday's artillery shelling had come from western Omdurman, where the RSF remains in control.
Saturday's explosion caused ""utter carnage"" at the nearby Al Nao hospital, which was overwhelmed with injured patients, MSF general secretary Chris Lockyear said.
The Sudanese Doctors' Union appealed for nearby medics to assist at the hospital, saying there was an ""acute shortage of medical staff"".
It added that one shell had fallen ""metres away"" from the hospital on Saturday.
One survivor of the market attack told the AFP news agency: ""The shells hit in the middle of the vegetable market, that's why the victims and the wounded are so many."" 
Both sides have been accused of targeting civilians, including health workers, and indiscriminate shelling of residential areas.
The recent skirmishes have forced emergency response rooms to shut several health centres, affecting the provision of medical services to thousands of residents.
Go to BBCAfrica.com for more news from the African continent.

Follow us on Twitter @BBCAfrica, on Facebook at BBC Africa or on Instagram at bbcafrica
The White House said South Africa's new law amounts to race-based discrimination.
As M23 rebels advance in DR Congo, regional players meet to defuse the escalating crisis.
A collection of some of the best outfits from the State of the Nation Address.
A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond.
Militants in the mountains of north-eastern Somalia have become the beating heart of Islamic State in Africa.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
5,2025-02-02,
6,2025-02-02,"Business Insider Edition 
The war for hedge fund talent cuts across all levels and positions, with firms like Citadel, Point72, and Millennium constantly competing to gain an edge in a cutthroat industry.

        These behemoth funds are now putting serious time and resources into recruiting for internship and training programs to create a steady employee pipeline. Steve Cohen's Point72 and Ken Griffin's Citadel recently opened applications for their 2026 summer internships to undergrad students.
    

        Eye-popping pay, challenging work environments, and the promise of working with some of the best investors in the industry can make them an attractive employment option.
    

        Internships at quant fund D.E. Shaw, for example, can pay up to $22,000. Salaries for entry-level analysts and software engineers are often in the six-figure range. Portfolio managers with winning strategies can take home millions.
    

        Business Insider has talked to some of the biggest hedge-fund managers about how they attract talent, as well as their advice to prospective hires.
    

        Here's everything we know about getting a job at a large hedge fund.
    

        Years ago, the opaque and secretive world of hedge funds might not have been an obvious career choice for most college graduates. However, these investing behemoths are now investing in getting young, diverse wunderkinder, especially mathletes, familiar with their brands as soon as high school.
    

        Internships are another talent pipeline for some of the biggest multi-strategy hedge funds, which employ armies of traders and engineers. Programs can be uber-competitive and harder to get into than many top Ivy League schools.
    

Citadel's summer internship program, for example, has become increasingly competitive. Last year, the hedge fund accepted around 300 interns to spend 11 weeks at Griffin's hedge fund or his market maker, working with stock-pickers, quants, engineers, and more. The firm told BI that there were more than 85,000 applicants for the programs, with an acceptance rate of roughly 0.5%.
    

        We also spoke to Point72 and D.E. Shaw about what they looked for in interns and how to stand out for a potential job offer down the line.
    

        In the past, hedge funds acquired investment talent from investment banks. Increasingly, however, the industry's top players are recruiting college students through intensive training programs that can lead to jobs straight out of college.
    

        Creating a pipeline of portfolio managers has been an increasingly popular strategy for hedge funds locked in an increasingly expensive battle for top talent.
    

        Hedge funds have long been competing with the finance industry and top tech companies for top technologists. Engineers and algorithm developers are key to helping researchers, data scientists, and traders develop cutting-edge investment strategies and platforms. Quant shop D.E. Shaw also has a unique approach to finding talent.
    

        Here's a look at how some firms find and vet new employees, what skills and qualities they're looking for 
    
Inside the spycraft hedge funds use to vet multimillion-dollar traders,which is edging into murky legal territory
... and a rundown of some of the gatekeepers to know:
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
7,2025-02-02,"Business Insider Edition 
This as-told-to essay is based on a transcribed conversation with Steven Wang, a 22-year-old entrepreneur in New York. The following has been edited for length and clarity.

        My parents immigrated to the US from China before I was born. Watching them build new lives and careers inspired me to try new things.
    

        I've always loved creating, which has manifested into different entrepreneurial projects throughout my life, from selling origami cranes in first grade to leaving high school for around two years to launch a VR education company.
    

        I eventually completed high school and went to Harvard for college. Eight months into my freshman year, when a new product idea came my way, I dropped out of full-time education again to work on a copy-trading platform called Dub.
    

Dropping out of college was the right decision. Throughout my life, I've traded my social life to pursue ideas I believe in. Even though I've missed out on some things, like the college experience, I don't regret it.
    

        The VR wave took off in the mid-2010s when I was in high school. I started working on Realism, a VR education company, with two friends, and we got into an accelerator program at MIT.
    

        We raised money, which convinced me to drop out of high school at 16. My friends and I moved to Boston from Michigan and lived together in a one-bedroom apartment for a year on stipends from the money we raised.
    

        Realism was acquired in 2020. This experience showed me you have to work hard and give up everything to pursue what you want.
    

        In 2019, I also got a full-time engineering project manager job at Apple. As a kid, I was a Steve Jobs fanboy and wanted to learn how Apple built teams and managed people. I remember making mock-up designs for new versions of the Apple Watch and bringing them to the interview.
    

        I was lucky to get an offer despite little prior employment experience. At 17, I was the youngest person I met while working there.
    

        During my break from school working on Realism and at Apple, I lived in Boston and California with roommates and mentors. After about eight months at Apple, I decided to return to high school and complete my senior year at age 18.
    

        I'd missed out on a lot of the social development that school offers, so I viewed going back as a personal challenge. COVID-19 hit around that time and ruined the second half of my senior year, but before that, I enjoyed building new relationships from the ground up.
    

        During high school, I took some philosophy classes that opened my eyes to different ways of viewing the world. There was a whole new world of academia that I wanted to explore in more depth.
    

        I applied to a few colleges and was lucky enough to get into Harvard. I was drawn there because of its strength in humanities, but I knew I wanted to return to entrepreneurship after earning my degree. I worked part-time as a product manager for a friend in Silicon Valley who needed help with a project during my studies.
    

        My time at Harvard coincided with an exciting stock market period, during which meme stocks and crypto took off. This experience got me back into investing, which I'd been interested in from a very early age.
    

        I wanted to build a product around the big retail investor movement I witnessed in college, so I started working on a project in my second semester as part of a business class. The product lets retail investors copy the trades of other investors automatically.
    

        There was a demo day at the end of the semester where you pitched your product in front of mentors and venture capitalists. I invited some of Realism's investors to watch. They told me they were keen to back whatever I did next.
    

        In June 2021, I left Harvard to focus on the product. I'd been studying for eight months.
    

        I didn't tell my mom I'd dropped out at first. She was very against me leaving high school, but she saw the same spirit in me that moved her and my dad to come to the US. I think her immigrant mindset helped her accept it. This time, she only knew I left school after I'd relocated to New York in July.
    

        I've been focused on building Dub ever since. We have a team of around 25 and have raised over $17 million, including from Uber's CEO and Robinhood's founding chief operating officer. I had three cofounders at one point, but we've since parted ways, and I've been a solo founder for the past 2  years.
    

        Think of Dub as a brokerage where you can trade, but instead of trading single stocks, you pick other investors you can copy-trade. When the person you copy makes a trade, the platform automatically mirrors that for you. We want users to be able to invest in the ideas and people they believe in.
    

Dropping out of Harvard was the right choice for me. I've never been happier. My company's growth means there are so many things to do, which exhilarates me. I feel blessed to spend every waking minute on it.
    

        I saw my friends finish college and sometimes felt jealous of their experience. I fantasize about going back to study philosophy, but for now, I've traded my personal life to pursue something I believe in.
    

        If the investor craze hadn't happened, I'd probably have finished my degree and entered the workforce. Building great products gives me the most joy in life, and when I saw the opportunity to do that, I couldn't let it go.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
8,2025-02-02,"When Christin Carter found out she was becoming a mother in 2002, she decided it was time to buy a home. While many families make the same calculation, Carter was particularly determined: she wanted to make sure that her children would not know the kind of housing instability that she experienced growing up in Southern California.
“The poverty that I come from was catastrophic, to be honest, and I knew that I had to break this cycle. I didn’t know how, but I had to break it,” Carter says.
She was priced out of the regular market, and as a single parent, she knew she needed help. Eventually, Carter’s Section 8 housing—a federal government program that provides rental assistance to low-income families—case manager sent her to an information session with Proud Ground, a Pacific Northwest nonprofit designated as a Community Land Trust (CLT).
The typical CLT model relies on the nonprofit buying and developing plots of land.  Individual buyers or renters then buy a house or unit on that land at an affordable price and in a long-term (often 99-year) renewable lease. CLTs like Proud Ground often provide other services that differ from the typical landlord-renter relationship.
Proud Ground gave Carter the guidance she was missing without a family member who had bought a home, informing her and communicating with her about the process. The typical CLT leadership style is a tripartite board: One third is made up of professionals, including lawyers and business people who can provide financial and legal insight. Another third is made up of community members, and the final third is made up of leaseholders, who are people living on or using CLT land. In this way, leaseholders are ingrained in the decisionmaking of what happens to the land that they are on.
“I love that the community and homeowners have a role in the organization, because who's more of an expert on housing than the person who's going to live there, right?” says Kristin King-Ries, an attorney who represents CLTs, and is currently organizing a CLT legal collaborative on behalf of the International Center for CLTs.
Carter, 42, bought her home in Portland with Proud Ground in 2011, and as a first-generation homeowner, she says the impact it has had on her family’s life goes far beyond finances.. “Being a part of the community has just been so beneficial,” Carter told TIME. “Being able to draw tick marks up the wall as my kids get taller… the gift of stability and pride is just something that I could never repay.”
Proud Ground is just one example of CLT models in America. According to a report from the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy, there are 308 CLTs in 48 states, D.C., and Puerto Rico as of January 2024—as opposed to 289 in 2021, 225 in 2018, and 162 in 2006. (The report was co-written by King-Ries.) Though CLTs are still relatively rare, King-Ries says there’s been an “explosion” of interest in the model since she started the work in 2017, with larger cities beginning to get involved in creating CLTs and providing funding and grants to the nonprofits in their area.
“I hear so much interest from people all over the country wanting to use the legal tools for a variety of things, not just housing, but community, businesses and farmland and green space,” she says.
She sees the CLT model of housing as a way to address the mounting affordable housing crisis, which received significant attention in the lead-up to the 2024 election.
While CLTs are growing in popularity, the model isn’t new. CLTs’ roots can be traced back to the Civil Rights Movement in the South, as a response “to our country’s long history of racist housing policy and social and economic injustice,” according to Christie Peale, CEO and Board Chair of the Interboro Community Land Trust in New York City.
The grassroots organization New Communities in Albany, Georgia, founded in 1969 as a collective farm to prevent displacement of Black communities through community-owned land, is often credited as the original model for CLTs. Though CLTS have evolved, Peale says “community control and empowerment” continue to be central to the system.
“It provides stability. It's mine. I'm a homeowner. I can pass it to my children,” Carter says. “Before we closed on the house, we would drive through the neighborhood, and I would just cry that my kids were growing up in this neighborhood.”
Read More: What Trump’s Win Could Mean for Housing
Many federal programs used to incentivize building low-income housing “time out.” Many affordable housing developments financed using the Low Income Housing Tax Credit have a 30-year affordability window—a window that is closing for many low income developments. In fact, the National Low Income Housing Coalition estimates that nearly 500,000 LIHTC-financed units, representing nearly a quarter of all such units in place, will reach the end of their 30-year limit by the end of the decade. Once those affordability windows time out, King-Ries says: “The people who've been living there and built a life and a community… Suddenly they're not welcome anymore. They can't afford to live there.”
With CLTs, long-term affordability is ingrained in the DNA of the model, with their long-term leasing structure the leadership model embedded within the structure of the nonprofit.
CLTS also preserve affordability through their community ownership model: instead of determining affordability as a fraction of the market rate, CLTs sell units to owners at a rate equivalent to one-third of the local median income, ensuring that they will remain accessible to low-income residents. And when a CLT owner sells their unit, the owner must follow the same pricing principle to ensure the unit is kept affordable. “It doesn't mean that your home can't be a source of wealth building, but it means it's not a stock,"" King-Ries says. “It's not an investment for somebody from another part of the country or another part of the world.”
According to the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy, home ownership is the “most robust explanatory factor” of wealth in low-income and minority households. Many studies also show the mental and financial benefits of homeownership, including increased household wealth, greater financial stability, increased job participation, greater involvement in political and social activities, and health benefits.
Peale says the CLT model allows for much lower rates of foreclosures, because the tenants are a part of decision making, and work closely with the CLTs who own their land to ensure that they can be guided through the housing process. “During the 2008 foreclosure crisis, homeowners on CLTs had much lower rates of delinquency and foreclosures than others, because CLTs not only provide good quality homes that are responsibly underwritten, but also because CLTs have a unique role as stewards, and build and maintain relationships with residents,” Peale says.
The close relationship the nonprofit has with the tenants allows for more personal communication: a resident misses a housing payment, the CLT is able to catch that problem early on, step in, and provide the resident with access to housing counseling and other services to stabilize the homeowner and head off foreclosure.
CLT homeownership can be a stepping stone; according to a report published by the Lincoln Institute in 2021, 60% of people who were CLT homeowners were then able to buy a market-rate home.
Read More: Why Housing Is a Frontline Defense Against Climate Change
Proud Ground is an example of a more “typical structure”—single family ownership on a CLT— according to Peale, but in cities like New York City, the model can also be used for more community, co-op style facilities.
Brian H. is in his sixth year as a tenant at 248 Arlington Avenue in Brooklyn. The building with 21 units was officially purchased in March 2024 by the East New York Community Land Trust (ENYCLT). This property was ENYCLT’s first property, and Brian H. and his fellow tenants spent years working with the nonprofit to take the property from their previous landlord.
“There was a ground movement of residents saying, ‘Enough is enough; we don't have quality services. Our landlord is not present,’” says Boris Santos, President of the ENYCLT. “And then one of the tenant leaders was actually already a member of the Community Land Trust, so there was cross synergy there.”
Since they bought the property, ENYCLT is working with architects and engineers to fix up the building—they’ve cleaned the basement and lobby, added security cameras, and are “converting the property from a landlord rent rental model to a cooperative model,” says Santos.
Every decision made in 248 Arlington now includes every tenant—and building a community mindset among all those living in the building ensures that interpersonal battles don’t get in the way of creating a space that everyone feels comfortable in. Santos says that ENYCLT works not only to change the physical living situation of tenants, but to involve them in the process, and empower them to make decisions.
“We’re not taught how to have cooperative economics. We're taught that there is a person in charge, and then you are beholden to them,” Santos says. “What if you were to do away with all of that? And instead, there's stakes for everybody, and you're all beholden to each other in a more equal sense.”
Brian H. says the tenants of 248 Arlington are starting to “put roots down” in a building they can call home. “We’ve got something that is ours, now,” he says. “And we all get credit because we all live here.”
Contact us at letters@time.com"
9,2025-02-02,"After a dramatic week of AI stock swings and major tech earnings, it’s time for another round of tech results. Despite cooling inflation, the Fed has stayed quiet on potential rate cuts. That puts this week’s employment data in the spotlight, as the central bank will gauge the labor market’s strength and could shape its timeline for easing rates.
Let’s see what this week has in store.
The week kicks off with Palantir’s (PLTR) earnings on Monday. Known for its advanced AI-driven analytics, particularly in defense and intelligence, the company has gained prominence amid the ongoing AI boom. 
Tuesday brings a packed earnings slate featuring tech giant Alphabet (Google’s parent company) (GOOGL) alongside consumer goods powerhouse PepsiCo (PEP), semiconductor leader Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), pharmaceutical giant Pfizer (PFE), restaurant chain Chipotle (CMG), and payments firm PayPal (PYPL). 
On Wednesday, Novo Nordisk (NVO), the pharmaceutical company behind the blockbuster weight-loss drug Ozempic, will release its earnings, followed by Chinese e-commerce behemoth Alibaba (BABA), entertainment giant Walt Disney (DIS), and chipmaker Qualcomm (QCOM). 
On Thursday, all eyes will be on Amazon (AMZN) as it reports its quarterly performance, offering a glimpse into the state of e-commerce and cloud computing. Additionally, pharmaceutical heavyweights Eli Lilly (LLY) and AstraZeneca (AZN) will release their earnings, shedding light on developments in the biotech and drug markets.
On Monday, the January auto sales report will be released, providing insights into the state of car sales in the country. The job openings report for December will offer information about the labor market on Tuesday.
On Wednesday, ADP (ADP) will publish its employment report, offering an early glimpse into private-sector job growth for January. The same day, the U.S. trade deficit report for December will be released, shedding light on the nation’s trade balance for the month.
On Thursday, the weekly initial jobless claims report will be released, providing an update on the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits.
Finally, on Friday, the employment report for January will be published, detailing job creation and the unemployment rate. This report is a key gauge of the health of the labor market. On the same day, the preliminary consumer sentiment report for January will be released, offering a snapshot of consumer confidence.
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
10,2025-02-02,"
Tee Higgins could be due for a massive contract this offseason.
Per ESPN's Jeremy Fowler, the Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver's market is expected to be around $30 million per year.
""The over/under on Bengals receiver Tee Higgins' market is $30 million per season, and the majority of team personnel that I spoke with believe he'll hit or clear the over,"" Fowler wrote. ""The lowest estimate I heard was somewhere slightly above DeVonta Smith's three-year, $75 million deal. The rest saw him breaking into the $30 million range, based on his status as a No. 1-caliber receiver and the number of teams desperate for pass-catching help.""
Higgins performed well on his rookie deal and the franchise tag contract the Bengals gave him this season. He had 908 receiving yards and six touchdowns as a rookie before posting back-to-back 1,000-plus receiving yard seasons in 2021 and 2022. He dealt with injuries last season, limiting him to 12 games, 656 yards and five touchdowns.
This season, Higgins once again played just 12 games but racked up 911 yards and 10 touchdowns. He posted those kinds of numbers while playing behind the Bengals' No. 1 option Ja'Marr Chase, who led the league in receptions, receiving yards and touchdowns this year.
Assuming Higgins is given the reigns as a No. 1 receiver, he could put some of the best numbers in the league.
It seems Higgins has no plans to elongate his free agency this offseason. The Athletic's Dianna Russini reported on her podcast, Scoop City, that Higgins ""wants to have an answer"" about his contract ""very soon.""
That could give the advantage to the Bengals since they'll be working from the inside.
Staying in Cincinnati might prevent Higgins from being the No. 1 option, but he, Chase and Burrow have had past success and could perhaps be the trio that brings the Bengals a championship.
As much as staying loyal to a team might appeal to Higgins, a massive contract from another team might be too much to turn down."
11,2025-02-02,"

Last Updated: January 19, 2025

Fact Checked


		This article was co-authored by wikiHow staff writer, Elaine Heredia, BA. Elaine Heredia is a staff writer at wikiHow. Elaine graduated with a B.A. in English from Texas Tech University in 2017. Since 2020, she has been writing articles on a wide variety of topics for a diverse range of clients, from business thought leaders to marketers to hobby shop owners. Elaine now writes and edits content at wikiHow, where her goal is to craft useful, enjoyable articles that answer readers’ most pressing queries. She enjoys expanding her knowledge alongside wikiHow readers and adding new topics of interest to her writing quiver.

			
			There are 18 references cited in this article, which can be found at the bottom of the page.

			
			This article has been fact-checked, ensuring the accuracy of any cited facts and confirming the authority of its sources.

			
			 This article has been viewed 27,148 times.

			
Learn more...

Would you believe that a LEGO minifigure can be worth thousands or even hundreds of thousands of dollars? Its value all depends on how rare it is, i.e., how many were made, and how many are still left on the market. Take a peek into the fascinating world of LEGO collecting and discover 20 rare minifigures – some of which are from fan-favorite franchises like Star Wars and Marvel! We also cover how to determine the value of your own minifigures and where you can find rare and valuable ones to add to your collection.

The rarest LEGO minifigures in the world are the 14K solid gold C-3PO (valued at $300,000), the Wooden Wu minifigure from The LEGO Ninjago Movie (worth $104,500), and the three figurines aboard NASA's Juno spacecraft: the Roman god Jupiter, his wife Juno, and Galileo, the famous real-life astronomer (priceless).

Follow Us
Don’t miss out! Sign up for
wikiHow’s newsletter
"
12,2025-02-02,"Stock Trading
Maximise Returns by Investing in the Right Companies
By - The Economic Times, Get Certified By India's Top Business News Brand
Stock Trading
Market 104: Options Trading: Kickstart Your F&O Adventure
By - Saketh R, Founder- QuickAlpha, Full Time Options Trader
Stock Trading
Technical Analysis for Everyone - Technical Analysis Course
By - Abhijit Paul, Technical Research Head, Fund Manager- ICICI Securities
Stock Trading
Stock Markets Made Easy
By - elearnmarkets, Financial Education by StockEdge
Stock Trading
Renko Chart Patterns Made Easy
By - Kaushik Akiwatkar, Derivative Trader and Investor
Stock Trading
Candlesticks Made Easy: Candlestick Pattern Course
By - elearnmarkets, Financial Education by StockEdge
Stock Trading
Market 101: An Insight into Trendlines and Momentum
By - Rohit Srivastava, Founder- Indiacharts.com
Stock Trading
Markets 102: Mastering Sentiment Indicators for Swing and Positional Trading
By - Rohit Srivastava, Founder- Indiacharts.com
Stock Trading
Market 103: Mastering Trends with RMI and Techno-Funda Insights
By - Rohit Srivastava, Founder- Indiacharts.com
Stock Trading
Dow Theory Made Easy
By - Vishal Mehta, Independent Systematic Trader
Stock Trading
ROC Made Easy: Master Course for ROC Stock Indicator
By - Souradeep Dey, Equity and Commodity Trader, Trainer
Stock Trading
RSI Made Easy: RSI Trading Course
By - Souradeep Dey, Equity and Commodity Trader, Trainer
Stock Trading
Heikin Ashi Trading Tactics: Master the Art of Trading
By - Dinesh Nagpal, Full Time Trader, Ichimoku & Trading Psychology Expert
Stock Trading
RSI Trading Techniques: Mastering the RSI Indicator
By - Dinesh Nagpal, Full Time Trader, Ichimoku & Trading Psychology Expert
Stock Trading
Introduction to Technical Analysis & Candlestick Theory
By - Dinesh Nagpal, Full Time Trader, Ichimoku & Trading Psychology Expert
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Go, Goa, (not) gone? This is what a realty check on Goa will tell you.
With more cash in pocket, will the missing urban consumer return to the shops?
Defence, PSE stocks: Why yesterday’s market darlings may not be the stars of tomorrow
Now that tariffs are here, what's in store for the WTO?
Falling market share to record Jan sales, things that can make Maruti great again
A serious concern: India’s desperate need to induct a new air defence system
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Commodities
Top Definitions
Private Companies
Top Prime Articles
Top Story Listing
Top Slideshow
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 35% off on ETPrime







₹

90 Days Prime access worth Rs999 unlocked for you
Stories you might be interested in"
13,2025-02-02,"
					
						
						Please create an account to participate in the Slashdot moderation system
					
				

Nickname:



Password:



Nickname:



Password:



The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them.  We are not responsible for them in any way.

If this is Tmobile-specific, I will move my service elsewhere.  Simply avoiding the service would not be enough.
So if you're out hiking and suddenly find yourself lost, and all you have is your phone but no towers in range, you're going to say ""fuck Elon, I'd rather die out here""?
I'm an adult, I already know how to avoid your ignorant hypothetical.  There is no conceivable situation where I'd allow myself to become dependent on a sadistic sociopath for my life, at least not willingly.  Fact is, the entire world finds itself in that situation today, thanks to people like you.
I'm an adult, I already know how to avoid your ignorant hypothetical.People who end up in these kinds of situations say this a lot. They tend to give themselves and those around them a false sense of security, and drag others into bad situations with them.There is no conceivable situation where I'd allow myself to become dependent on a sadistic sociopath for my life, at least not willingly.You have no idea what these words even mean. There's no evidence I've seen that indicates he is a sadist or a sociopath. In fact, I've only ever seen evidence of the opposite. A sadist is somebody who gets pleasure out of inflicting physical pain on another person. Most sadists do it with the other person's consent. A socio 
I'm an adult, I already know how to avoid your ignorant hypothetical.
People who end up in these kinds of situations say this a lot. They tend to give themselves and those around them a false sense of security, and drag others into bad situations with them.
There is no conceivable situation where I'd allow myself to become dependent on a sadistic sociopath for my life, at least not willingly.You have no idea what these words even mean. There's no evidence I've seen that indicates he is a sadist or a sociopath. In fact, I've only ever seen evidence of the opposite. A sadist is somebody who gets pleasure out of inflicting physical pain on another person. Most sadists do it with the other person's consent. A socio 
There is no conceivable situation where I'd allow myself to become dependent on a sadistic sociopath for my life, at least not willingly.
You have no idea what these words even mean. There's no evidence I've seen that indicates he is a sadist or a sociopath. In fact, I've only ever seen evidence of the opposite. A sadist is somebody who gets pleasure out of inflicting physical pain on another person. Most sadists do it with the other person's consent. A socio 
 ...the current smartphones made for terrestrial cellular systems, there are going to need custom built smarphones made to communicate with satellitesTFA didn't mention anything about which phone models were eligible. it mentioned an iOS version which might only work on recent models.Is anyone else amazed a cell radio intended to transmit to a tower a at most a few kilometers away can reach a satellite in LEO? The receivers in Starlink satellites must be astoundingly sensitive. The numbers I saw said they orbit around 500 km up. That's on the order of 100 times further than a cell tower, meaning 1/10,000th of the power receiving the satellite.
...the current smartphones made for terrestrial cellular systems, there are going to need custom built smarphones made to communicate with satellites
TFA didn't mention anything about which phone models were eligible. it mentioned an iOS version which might only work on recent models.
Is anyone else amazed a cell radio intended to transmit to a tower a at most a few kilometers away can reach a satellite in LEO? The receivers in Starlink satellites must be astoundingly sensitive. The numbers I saw said they orbit around 500 km up. That's on the order of 100 times further than a cell tower, meaning 1/10,000th of the power receiving the satellite.
They have bigger antennas and, most importantly, directional antennas which can focus much more tightly onto a particular handset.  In comparison, cell tower antennas use a pretty wide beam.  Starlink also needs to modify the frequencies it uses depending on how quickly it's moving towards or away from each customer, because of the Doppler effect.  There's some very fancy signal processing going on to make all this work.
There's also generally nothing in between the satellite and the ground (assuming you're standing outside)... A cell tower a mile away can have hundreds of buildings providing obstacles or sources of interference.
""I think satellites are too far away to be effective for communication with the current smartphones made for terrestrial cellular systems, there are going to need custom built smarphones made to communicate with satellites""
Phones with faster electromagnetic rays? :-)
Starlink is betting pretty big that your thinking is wrong, and they've probably even done the link budget calculations to back this up.  Those direct-to-cell satellites are worth much less if everyone needs custom hardware for access.  Expanding the range of handset models they're testing also sounds like they're pretty confident about how testing is going so far, though they did originally hope to have the service operational by the end of last year.  Those traditional satellite phone companies look to be 
this is just as bad faith and stupid as the people you are critisizing
very few if any here thought Starlink wouldn't work from a technical perspective, there's really no reason to think it couldn't, the problem was never technological with a service like that but logistical which SX happened to be in a position to solve.
no what people have criticized is the business use case in which here on slashdot has been the  opposite of what you say here; i've seen so many on here take the musk-bait hook line and sink 
A Nazi saluter who is best friends with Netanyahu?This quote seems to fit.You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain
A Nazi saluter who is best friends with Netanyahu?
This quote seems to fit.
You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain
While I feel that this is great progress toward, what is to me, a utopian end. Full satellite service with a ""standard"" cell phone.
As someone who has to rely on satellite service from time to time do to remote areas, oceanic locations, and third-world countries, current satellite access requires special equipment, is SLOW, and expensive. It sucks! And this is one step down the road toward ubiquitous and relatively inexpensive access.
But, Starlink is playing catch up here. Apple has already rolled out such a service using Globestar, who they have heavily invested in. Also, Vodafone recently demonstrated a  video call using a standard cellphone via satellite. [vodafone.com]
But, Starlink is playing catch up here. Apple has already rolled out such a service using Globestar, who they have heavily invested in.They rolled out a service that uses a separate radio, and which probably won't ever support much more than text messages and low-quality voice calls unless Globalstar launches a whole new satellite network, because their current-generation satellites are limited to just 256 kbps for data.Also, Vodafone recently demonstrated a  video call using a standard cellphone via satellite.  [vodafone.com] This one is a real competitor, because it works with any modern cell phone using the normal cellular radio, which means it theoretically could have the same capabilities as a cell tower, rather than being extremely bandwidt
But, Starlink is playing catch up here. Apple has already rolled out such a service using Globestar, who they have heavily invested in.
They rolled out a service that uses a separate radio, and which probably won't ever support much more than text messages and low-quality voice calls unless Globalstar launches a whole new satellite network, because their current-generation satellites are limited to just 256 kbps for data.
Also, Vodafone recently demonstrated a  video call using a standard cellphone via satellite.  [vodafone.com] This one is a real competitor, because it works with any modern cell phone using the normal cellular radio, which means it theoretically could have the same capabilities as a cell tower, rather than being extremely bandwidt
Also, Vodafone recently demonstrated a  video call using a standard cellphone via satellite.  [vodafone.com] 
This one is a real competitor, because it works with any modern cell phone using the normal cellular radio, which means it theoretically could have the same capabilities as a cell tower, rather than being extremely bandwidt
They rolled out a service that uses a separate radio, and which probably won't ever support much more than text messages and low-quality voice calls unless Globalstar launches a whole new satellite network, because their current-generation satellites are limited to just 256 kbps for data.G.722, which provides pretty good audio quality, works fine over 64kbit. FM radio broadcasters relied completely on ISDN lines for syndication using G.722 since at least the early 90s, though no doubt some no longer do, likely instead doing IP over leased dedicated circuits.
They rolled out a service that uses a separate radio, and which probably won't ever support much more than text messages and low-quality voice calls unless Globalstar launches a whole new satellite network, because their current-generation satellites are limited to just 256 kbps for data.
G.722, which provides pretty good audio quality, works fine over 64kbit. FM radio broadcasters relied completely on ISDN lines for syndication using G.722 since at least the early 90s, though no doubt some no longer do, likely instead doing IP over leased dedicated circuits.
Oh, yeah, the ""low-quality"" bit was outdated info.  When I first looked it up, I was looking at their first-generation satellites, which were capped at 9.6 kbps, and that's where that came from. :-)
There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead.
Honda's New US Factory Will Mass-Produce EVs - But Can Also Build Gas-Powered Cars
DeepSeek AI Refuses To Answer Questions About Tiananmen Square 'Tank Man' Photo
""Ada is PL/I trying to be Smalltalk.
-- Codoso diBlini"
14,2025-02-02,"
        Zinger Key Points- Karp warns DeepSeek's rise could challenge U.S. AI dominance and affect Palantir's stock growth amid increasing global competition.- Palantir's growth hinges on AI demand, but DeepSeek's low-cost success raises questions about future tech investments and market…
    "
15,2025-02-02,"The trade that sent Luka Doncic to the Lakers and Anthony Davis to the Mavericks had swift, drastic implications on the sports betting markets."
16,2025-02-02,"The market chaos that battered the most dominant tech stocks on Monday may have been a welcome event for other corners of the market.
Although China's DeepSeek AI app initially crushed investor confidence in US mega-caps, with traders worried about a supposedly cheaper chatbot that can compete with Silicon Valley rivals, some sectors might consider it a net positive.
That may have been hard to fathom at the start of last week. The tool is said to cost a fraction of what US AI hyperscalers have spent, challenging the idea that US firms need to pour massive investments into the technology and the energy infrastructure to run it. AI chipmaker Nvidia sank 17% on Monday, a plunge mirrored by other AI, nuclear, and utility stocks.
With investors now debating what's next for these sectors, traders shouldn't overlook under-the-market winners minted by the DeepSeek episode.
According to Bank of America, one big implication is that AI capabilities could now come at a lower cost, a bullish takeaway for software. Since revenue-generating apps are contingent on the AI models that run them, cheaper and improved models should ramp up AI adoption in the first half of 2025, and turn into meaningful revenue by 2026.
The bank highlighted large-cap beneficiaries such as Salesforce, Adobe, ServiceNow, and Intuit.
JPMorgan agreed that AI investment momentum is shifting from hardware beneficiaries, such as chipmakers, toward an app-and-services phase.
""The lower cost of technology historically democratized opportunities for innovators and entrepreneurs with hardware eventually becoming a commodity compared to higher-margin Services with more sustainable growth (e.g., Software eclipsed Desktops and Chipmakers, Internet Service Providers surpassed Telecom Equipment and Services),"" the bank wrote Tuesday.
Other market analysts are also picking up on the pattern.
In commentary this week, Gabelli Funds portfolio Manager John Belton cited an implied drop in computing costs that could also deliver positives for financial, internet, and healthcare stocks. Some, such as Laffer Tengler Investments CEO Nancy Tengler, have acknowledged a portfolio shift toward the application side of AI.
Since Monday's opening bell, the iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF has gained 4%.
Meanwhile, Chris Zaccarelli, chief investment officer at Northlight Asset Management, has added exposure to power companies after the DeepSeek jitters. While this sector tumbled amid a fear that more efficient AI would require less power, he told Business Insider that rising energy consumption is just dependent on AI, there are other reasons to stay bullish on power.
Similarly, BofA noted that some non-AI IT hardware stocks slumped in the DeepSeek sell-off, creating a buying opportunity. That includes names such as Hewlett Packard, Western Digital, and Seagate Technology.
The DeepSeek saga may have given stock-pickers new areas to monitor, but this week's crash may also have a silver lining for the broader stock market.
Long-momentum equities suffered their third-largest decline in forty years on Monday, but 70% of S&P 500 stocks actually gained during the session, JPMorgan reported.
""While the sell-off erased almost ~$1 trillion of market-cap from US equities, we view the rotation and higher dispersion as healthy given equity crowding was becoming increasingly stretched and unsustainable,"" the bank said.
In other words, the crash appears to have encouraged a long-awaited rotation out of tech. The so-called ""Magnificant Seven"" tech names rallied aggressively on AI momentum last year, growing so big as to account for around a third of S&P 500 returns.
""We're in a little bit of a stretched phase,"" Zaccarelli said, pointing out that the Mag Seven stocks have a percentage weight in the index on a market cap basis that almost doubles their weight on a profits basis.
That's made Wall Street anxious and eager to see the rally broaden out toward value stocks.
Although DeepSeek did not dispel the over-concentration issue — Mag Seven stocks have regained amid a flurry of earnings reports his week — Goldman Sachs noted that the market is likely facing the start of a longer broadening period.
The bank has been tracking a rising mix between value and growth investing, a balance not seen in years.
Macro conditions should support this. In a note authored January 24, Franklin Templeton outlined expectations for the rally to keep broadening, as historically happens amid a strong economy and as markets expect interest rate cuts.
Zaccarelli noted that a gradual cooldown in economic growth is what's typically needed for investors to reposition, allowing ""more money to flow into some of the other sectors, you know, ""like healthcare, like financials, like industrials, not just tech, consumer discretionary and communication.""
Indices
Commodities
Currencies
Stocks"
17,2025-02-02,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. "
18,2025-02-02,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. "
19,2025-02-02,"DJT rises keep reversing
The Trump election and inauguration effects on Trump Media’s stock appear to be over. So now Trump Media’s business activities and results take on more importance.
By the end of February, the company will furnish its 2024 annual report. Besides the revenues, earnings, cash flow, and other material information, investors should expect fulsome descriptions of management's views, strategies, and outlooks.
However, management has provided little such information in the past quarterly reports. That absence makes the coming annual report especially important. Will it finally reveal actual growth results? One possible potential indicator of the answer is the stock’s performance - particularly, its inability to break above the major $35 barrier. (The Friday, January 31, closing price was below $32.)
Here is the picture of the daily price moves from January 2024.
The daily DJT moves from January 2024 through January 2025 show the potential weakness 
Here is another view using a candlestick graph of weekly price movements.
Note: Green means the stock rose from the week's opening price to the week's closing price. Red means it declined. Important: In examining a stock's action, a move in one week can be misleading. It takes two consecutive weekly moves to confirm a possible shift. With Trump Media, it has built a record of failures to break above the $35 barrier. Therefore, be wary of owning the stock until it can produce a confirmation of an uptrend.
The DJT weekly candlestick chart provides a good indication of the stock's trends
With Trump Media stock having a much lower fundamental valuation than its price, those two charts are key indicators of the stock’s trend. Therefore, the stock’s inability to break through the major barrier of $35 is a negative sign, perhaps based on weak company operations and low potential growth. Moreover, that means further price deterioration may increase investors concern that a new downtrend is in the making.

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
20,2025-02-02,"Vaccine for cancer as oncology treatment.  
Biotech investing can be tricky. Often, the drugs that these fledgling companies produce don’t pan out, and shareholders take a drubbing. But at OSE Immunotherapeutics, which aims to prevent cancers via vaccines, the news is encouraging.
The French company recently announced that it has launched a global Phase 3 trial for its cancer vaccine, Tedopi, which is taking place in the U.S., United Kingdom, Canada and Europe. The trial brings OSE a step closer to regulatory approval for cancer immunization treatment. (There are four phases in the approval process.) OSE in April secured a $9.3 public funding for Tedopi.
Meanwhile, the firm has forged a partnership with pharma giant AbbVie to develop a treatment for chronic inflammation, which came with a $48 million investment from the major drug outfit, a sum that could expand to as much as $665 million if the project meets certain progress milestones. Plus, OSE has expanded its partnership with another big pharma player, Boehringer Ingelheim, centered on therapies for cancer and cardio renal metabolic diseases.
Over the past 12 months, Paris-traded OSE stock has increased 66%. That’s almost triple what the S&P 500 gained. The gamble for investors is whether it will continue to rise. Odds are OSE will, as its product is vitally needed and stands to be in the vanguard of cancer treatments.
“Every day, the immune system is fighting and eliminating cancer cells,” said Nicolas Poirier, OSE’s CEO, in an interview. “Immunotherapies have revolutionized cancer treatment, offering cures for some, but not all types of cancer. We must continue to push on the gas pedal.”
Overall, biotech stock has had uninspiring results lately, which frankly is typical for this volatile investment class. The last time the SPDR S&P Biotech exchange-traded fund, the benchmark for the sector, had a good year was in 2020, when it logged a 48% advance amid the launch of vaccines to thwart Covid-19. It was in the red in 2021 and in the single digits ever since. Higher interest rates are partly to blame, yet so is over-exuberance.
Still, maybe the trend is turning for biotech. Thus far this year, the index ETF is up 2.7%, ahead of the broad-market S&P 500’s 2.3%. Sure, these early numbers are hardly a blowout. But the outlook for biotech overall is positive, if not dazzling.
The pattern for small biotech outfits releasing big news is for a huge vault in stock price, then a falloff. If the post-excitement stock slide leaves it significantly higher than its pre-news price, that usually is a good sign. Such was the case with Viking Therapeutics, whose obesity drug showed good data last February, coming out of trials. The shares more than tripled for the full year, and now have backed off. They still, however, are higher than the pre-news level.
“The biotech landscape has experienced significant volatility over the past few years but now appears to be moving into a more normalized environment,” noted Wellington Asset Management’s Nilesh Kumar and William Craig, in a research piece. In their view, broadly speaking, “companies that have unique assets with derisked and understood biology should continue to find favor among public investors and succeed regardless of market conditions.”
That seems to encompass the likes of OSE. As with other small biotechs, OSE (market cap: $149 million) is not profitable. Nonetheless, investment firm Edison Group projected in a research note that its earnings per share should turn positive for 2024, once it reports, and continue in the black for 2025.
“We are very well positioned,” said CEO Poirier.

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
21,2025-02-02,"
        Competition has loomed over Jersey Mike’s push into Canada from the start.The U.S. sandwich chain revealed its Canadian ambitions just over a year ago on the same day as rival Jimmy John’s. And when Jersey Mike’s opened its first Toronto store in Union Station, fellow American fast-food…
    "
22,2025-02-02,"WTF?! Nvidia's highly anticipated RTX 5090 and 5080 graphics cards launched on January 30, but the release was marred by severe stock shortages, leading many to label it a paper launch. Despite warnings from Nvidia earlier in the week about potential supply issues, the scarcity of available units has left many eager customers disappointed and frustrated. 
Nvidia's launch day saw long lines of enthusiasts camping outside retailers, hoping to secure one of the coveted GPUs. However, many stores had minimal stock, and some locations never received RTX 5090 allotments.
Micro Center's Tustin, California store got the largest allocation with 67 RTX 5090s and 199 RTX 5080s, but it was an outlier. Most Micro Center locations had to make do with just a handful of cards, some having as few as four or five RTX 5090s.
The shortage extended beyond brick-and-mortar stores, with online retailers like Best Buy and Amazon quickly selling out of their initial stock. The scarcity has led to a surge in second-hand market prices, with some RTX 5090 cards listing on eBay for over $5,000 – more than double the $1,999 retail price.
YouTube channel GamersNexus reported on the shortages, noting that even major system integrators struggled to obtain inventory. One builder reportedly received just a single RTX 5090 on launch day, while another received none. This scarcity has raised questions about Nvidia's production capabilities and allocation strategies, especially considering the company had reportedly halted production of the previous-generation RTX 4090 to focus on the new 50-series.
The impact of the shortage has rippled across the GPU market. Prices for older models, such as the RTX 4090, have seen significant increases, with some units now selling for around $2,500 on the second-hand market – a stark increase from the $1,600 price point seen at the end of 2024.
As frustrated buyers seek alternatives, some retailers have resorted to creative methods to combat scalpers and bots, such as listing cards in ways that trick automated purchasing systems. Meanwhile, Nvidia stated that they and their partners are ""shipping more stock to retail every day"" to meet the overwhelming demand.
The RTX 5090 and 5080 shortage could persist for months, with some UK retailers suggesting that new stock may not arrive until April or May. This situation leaves many PC enthusiasts and gamers in a difficult position, forced to patiently wait for restocks or consider alternative options in the highly competitive graphics card market.
TECHSPOT : Tech Enthusiasts, Power Users, Gamers
TechSpot is a registered trademark. About Us Ethics Statement Terms of Use Privacy Policy Change Ad Consent Advertise
© 1998 - 2025 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved."
23,2025-02-02,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank Marshmallows
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank EmptyJay
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank strenghtthroughpeace
 This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. 
 This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 This comment has been rated as unhelpful by Slickdeals users. "
24,2025-02-02,"
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The Shokz OpenFit 2 take the promising template of their predecessor and sprint to the finish with key improvements to comfort, audio, controls, and efficiency. I depended on the first-gen earbuds for my workouts, but the OpenFit 2 have become good enough to wear in other contexts, especially whenever you need to stay aware of your surroundings.
Unimpeded, relaxed ears for situational awareness
Fantastic, surprisingly loud audio hits highs & lows much better than before
New button a vast improvement over touch controls
Fixes 1st-gen problem with inconsistent charging
Thinner hook easier to wear with glasses
Reliable IP55 dust/water protection and 11-hour battery life
No noise cancellation (by design) and some audio bleed
No wear detection/ auto shut-off
No Find My feature
Why you can trust Android Central 


Our expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. Find out more about how we test.
The Shokz OpenFit 2 wireless earbuds were designed specifically for me. I don't know how Shokz's engineers managed to pander to my lifestyle so perfectly; I suspect they hired spies, or my fiancee is a sleeper agent.

In this weekly column, Android Central Wearables Editor Michael Hicks talks about the world of wearables, apps, and fitness tech related to running and health, in his quest to get faster and more fit.
Ever since I reviewed the first-gen Shokz OpenFits in 2023, I've worn them for hundreds of runs, walks, and hikes, no exaggeration. My ear canals have had an unprecedented break from workout earbuds jammed into them, saving me from buds falling out during hard runs (which causes the sound to get worse), impacted ear wax, and the artificial hissing of transparency modes.
But using them for over a year made me well aware of the OpenFit's many flaws, from an obnoxious charging issue to finicky touch controls and average sound quality. So, I'm thrilled that the Shokz OpenFit 2 immediately fixed or improved on almost all of my complaints.
Shokz is best known for its bone conduction headphones, and I'm no audiophile to judge how the Shokz OpenRun Pro 2 sound quality compares to the OpenFit 2's air conduction. All I know is that I prefer the latter's ""natural"" sound while still giving me (mostly) unimpeded situational awareness during runs and races. And now, I'm much more likely to use the OpenFit 2's multipoint pairing and wear them in non-fitness contexts.

My appreciation for the original OpenFit was how its ear hook placed the speaker directly over my ears without impeding them; I could safely hear approaching cyclists or ""on your left"" runners and even the sounds of nature if listening to quieter content like audiobooks. They've never once fallen off. I forget they're there aside from light pressure on the back and side of my ear, and the audio quality was good enough.
The Shokz OpenFit 2 retains the same concept and target audience (athletes) but with minor tweaks that began with the Shokz OpenFit Air — which were more comfortable but too budget-focused to be ""better"" than the originals.
The OpenFit 2 has a thinner outer hook that rounds into a softer, wider silicone edge than the original model. It's hard to describe the difference between the two, but the OpenFit 2 somehow sits more naturally in its over-ear position, while the original OpenFit feels as if it's pressing harder against my skin to stay in place. Plus, the thinner hook makes it take less ear-top space, sliding gracefully under my glasses temples without the same pressure as before.

Basically, you got used to the Shokz OpenFit's fit for abbreviated workouts, but you'll enjoy wearing the OpenFit 2 for longer stretches.
The Shokz OpenFit design has no ANC and minimal passive blocking, but that's the whole point. I wear these while reading or doing chores around the house because I never miss my partner or cat calling for attention.
There's some noise pollution for bass-heavy songs if you put the volume loud enough — so it may not be the best fit for an office environment — but at the normal 25% volume I use indoors, people only hear something if they fully disregard my personal space and lean in.

Equally important to comfort is sound, and the OpenFit 2 needed an upgrade. I noted that you ""shouldn't necessarily expect a symphony for your ears"" with the original OpenFits, defaulting to the Bass Boost option to offer reasonable low-end oomph and tolerating having to pump up the volume to the upper levels just to hear phone calls or podcasts clearly. At least for ""normal"" music, the sound sounded better than you'd expect, thanks to the ""DirectPitch"" tech.
Shokz directly addressed these issues with the OpenFit 2, adding a larger low-frequency driver and an independent high-frequency unit for ""DualBoost Technology.""
Ditching the marketing speak, I feel much more comfortable using the stock EQ setting because it hits highs and lows in a balanced, rich way; ""luther"" by Kendrick Lamar & SZA sounds rich and harmonious for both the deep and high portions, while Tommy Richman's ""MILLION DOLLAR BABY"" hits those falsetto notes and low beat with equal quality.
For folks seeking that alternative (or emo) feel, Billie Eilish's ""WILDFLOWER"" or Bon Iver's ""Holocene"" no longer sound quite as tinny as they did on the first-gen earbuds; in fact, the OpenFit 2 hits hard enough that even 50% volume is too loud for me for these quiet songs (unless I'm outside and dealing with ambient noise).
Now that I've started using these earbuds for my daily work grind, I do use the Treble Boost or Voice EQ settings for my instrumental & lo-fi soundtracks or my YouTube Let's Plays, but they generally sound quite lovely.
Honestly, the only negative to this audio boost is that when the music is loud enough, it'll get in the way of hearing your surroundings a bit. But as long as you're not blowing up your eardrums, you'll be bopping to the beat, and you'll remain alert.
Other key OpenFit 1-to-2 changes include a more energy-efficient Bluetooth chip, new physical buttons for touch controls, and one IP-level boost to water resistance.
The jump from Bluetooth 5.2 to 5.4 lets the OpenFit 2 sit in a low-power mode for much longer in case you forget to put them in the charging case, as well as stay strongly connected in busy signal areas. The original OpenFit earbud had the same capacity, and yet the OpenFit 2 is rated to last 11 hours, a four-hour jump. In my experience, they did last easily across an entire workday of streaming, and ultramarathoners can depend on the OpenFit 2 more.
By improving from IP54 to IP55 protection, Shokz made the OpenFit 2 capable of withstanding water jets; they're shower-proof and easier to safely clean under a strong sink, in other words. Your OpenFits are going to get gunked up with sweat over time, and the better resistance might make them last a bit longer before the speaker and mic quality are affected.
My favorite upgrade is the new physical button, however. The first-gen OpenFit solely used touchpad controls, and I can't tell you how often they failed to recognize double-taps or made me accidentally hang up on people when I merely wanted to adjust their fit.
By contrast, the new elevated buttons are easy to find and activate — but no longer something you'll press by mistake. They blend into the silver finish of the earbud, so they don't look tacky or old-fashioned. And most importantly, the touchpad only has one optional-on feature for Gemini or Siri, eliminating any confusion and frustration.
The most important Shokz OpenFit 2 change isn't something Shokz put in its specs sheet. After my initial review period, I noticed that the OpenFit would stay connected to my phone inside the charging case, meaning they weren't charging. I can't tell you how often I'd find one earbud dead and the other fully charged the next day. I'd have to wipe down the magnetic pins and shift the buds around, then close the case and check the app to see if both had successfully disconnected.
I asked Shokz about this issue since many OpenFit owners had similar complaints. They assured me that the OpenFit 2 had fewer contact points (2 vs. 3) and a much stronger magnet than the last-gen buds. You're still supposed to ""keep the pins dry and clean during use to avoid any residue affecting proper contact,"" and it'll take months to see if a similar problem pops up; for now, though, I'm very optimistic, as I can feel how securely the OpenFit 2 snaps into place when inserted.
I still have requests for the Shokz OpenFit 3, most notably wear detection — so they turn off and don't take calls when sitting outside the case — and a way to ping the charging case. If you buy the black OpenFit 2, choose a consistent place to put the case after workouts, or you will lose them constantly. Plus, the Shokz app should ideally notify you when the case hits 0%.
But these complaints feel more nitpicky compared to the fundamental issues with the first-gen OpenFit. By and large, the Shokz OpenFit 2 sound fantastic, feel natural when worn with glasses, and let you keep your ear canals open instead of having hard plastic shoved into them for hours at a time.
The Shokz OpenFit 2 won't match your wireless headphones or even normal wireless earbuds for surround-sound quality or ANC, so they may not be the right choice if you're looking for an all-day choice for every scenario that closely syncs with your smartphone. It's still a niche and fairly expensive product.
That said, I fall within the target Shokz OpenFit 2 niche, and I'm supremely happy with them!


Built for runners
Fans of bone conduction headphones know and love Shokz, but the Shokz OpenFit 2 switches to air conduction while keeping the same driving principle: enjoy music without relying on transparency modes or having your ears crammed with bulky earbuds for hours on end. They're my new favorite wireless earbuds, both for running and for everyday life.
Michael is Android Central's resident expert on wearables and fitness. Before joining Android Central, he freelanced for years at Techradar, Wareable, Windows Central, and Digital Trends. Channeling his love of running, he established himself as an expert on fitness watches, testing and reviewing models from Garmin, Fitbit, Samsung, Apple, COROS, Polar, Amazfit, Suunto, and more.
SK Hynix's 2TB Beetle X31 is my new favorite external SSD
Samsung Galaxy S25 Plus review: Like an old dog with new AI tricks
Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Review: So close to perfection

Androidcentral is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
25,2025-02-02,"Business Insider Edition 
Gen Z may be ""Generation Stay at Home,"" but some of them are rich — and more confident than other generations in their ability to build up wealth.

        And, like generations before them, those who can afford it are doing luxury in their own way.
    

        While their millennial elders are obsessed with kitting out laundry rooms, spoiling pets, and getting Botox, affluent Gen Zers are inclined to spend money on luxury brands and experiences that align with their values.
    

        Here are six ways they're flexing their spending power.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
26,2025-02-02,"Palworld developer Pocketpair launched a new publishing arm last week and has since received more than 150 game pitches within a single week, with manager John Buckley saying he received over 1,500 LinkedIn requests within the first 24 hours. In that time, the company has already signed on at least one third-party project from Surgent Studios, developer of Tales of Kenzera: Zau. There have also been hints that two other games are in development, but they lack any official announcement.
Despite this initial wave of interest, Pocketpair said its applications are always open and that interested developers can find more information on their website. “We’re blown away by the interest we have received from YOU, the developers, and we’re doing. our best to review each request and pitch,” the company wrote on X. “Of course, we cannot help everyone, but we’re determined to help as many great games get made as possible.
Pocketpair Publishing opened its doors one week ago!
In that time, we have received:400 emails150 pitches2,000+ LinkedIn requests
We are blown away by the interest we have received from YOU, the developers, and we&#39;re doing our best to review each request and pitch.
Of… pic.twitter.com/tN0LF774wT
&mdash; Pocketpair Publishing (@PocketpairPBLSH) January 29, 2025
The original title from Surgent Studios will be a horror game, although there are no specifics as of yet. Surgent Studios is owned and operated by actor Abubakar Salim, a man you might recognize as the voice of Bayek from Assassin’s Creed: Origins. Despite the lack of details, the game is on track to release this year, according to Pocketpair.
Palworld has been a runaway success in the year since its launch, despite numerous allegations of copyright infringement and an ongoing lawsuit with Nintendo. The studio managed to take the monster-catching concept and add something unique to it, allowing Palworld to stand out in an otherwise relatively crowded market. While it’s still early days for the company’s publishing arm, Pocketpair is in the perfect position to help dozens of games see the light of day.
The new season of Fortnite has begun, bringing players to a Mad Max- and Fallout-style wasteland full of ridiculous vehicle features and new items, including a War Bus you can work to control.
The ""story"" of Fortnite Chapter 5, Season 3, which is out now, revolves around a huge sandstorm has swept over the battle royale island. This has ushered in the ""Wasteland Warriors,"" who rode in with the storm and transformed the south of the map with new locations. One is the Brutal Beachhead, a beached ship with what looks like a huge bitemark in the front.
Aaron Moten plays Maximus in Amazon's Fallout series. Amazon
When the first trailer for Amazon’s Fallout dropped, the internet was hit by a familiar wave of eye rolls. Every aspect of it was scrutinized, from its Power Suit design to its title card gags. Now, days after the entire series was released on Amazon Prime Video to rave reviews, those preemptive haters are eating irradiated crow.
Your Pals may look a little too close to Pokemon in some instances in Palworld, but they do have some important mechanical differences. Yes, they all have elemental types that give them advantages over other Pals, just like a pocket monster, but your Pals can't and won't evolve just by battling and earning XP. Instead, the only way to get new and improved Pals outside of catching higher-level ones in the wild is through breeding. However, Pals aren't all that keen on producing offspring without you setting up the right conditions first. If you don't know what will get your Pals in the mood, it may be impossible to guess. Let's talk birds and bees with a full breakdown of how breeding works in Palworld.
How to breed Pals
Pals aren't just going to breed without privacy, requiring you to build a special Breeding Farm. This will unlock once you hit level 19 and shows up in the Technology section of your menu. It costs 100 Wood, 50 Fiber, and 20 Stones to construct. Build it up and place it in your base. But wait, Pals are a bit more romantic than that. Sure, the farm is great, but you need something more to sweeten the deal -- a cake. Cakes require 5 Flour, 8 Red berries, 7 Milk, 8 Eggs, and 2 Honey to create, and you will need plenty of cakes, so make sure to gather as much as you can.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks."
27,2025-02-02,"
The best defense stocks often have strong revenue growth records, competitive operating margins and ... [+] a full range of products and services.
Deloitte’s 2025 Aerospace and Defense Industry Outlook predicts higher defense spending globally, prompted by geopolitical tensions. Additionally, a defense-friendly president has recently moved into the U.S. Oval Office—though some experts wonder if a conflict will arise between President Trump's pro-defense stance and the Department of Government Efficiency's spend-cutting aspirations.
If you expect President Trump to add to an already positive outlook for defense spending, you can gain from adding defense exposure to your stock portfolio. Read on for a review of six promising defense stocks for 2025 and beyond.
Established defense companies need a consistent track record of revenue growth plus high operating margins. Consistent revenue growth hints at a high-value product offering and good customer retention. Strong margins allow for financial flexibility and reinvestment into growth initiatives.
These best defense stocks were identified by screening sector stocks on three-year revenue growth performance, number of revenue growth years and operating margins. The criteria are:
Note that the starting point for this screen is defense sector stocks. These companies have been generating a high percentage of sales from defense-related products and services.
In an interview, Arne Noack, regional investment head at Xtrackers, Americas at DWS notes that this backward-looking approach could be limiting. If the stocks on this list don't serve your needs, look for more options by researching innovative companies with offerings that will serve defense initiatives in the future. For example, the Deloitte outlook predicts technology will reshape many aspects of defense. As an investor, you can gain from that shift with early identification of promising new solutions.
The table below shows six defense stocks meeting the above screening criteria, ordered from highest to lowest operating margin. All six stocks are rated buy or strong buy according to analysts.
Below is a closer look at each of these stocks. Recent earnings metrics are sourced from corporate releases. Analyst forecasts and price targets come from Stockanalysis.com.
For more investing ideas, see best stocks for 2025 and best growth stocks.
Transdigm Group makes aftermarket parts for commercial and military aircraft, ranging from passenger seatbelts to electrical components. The company consists of 50 independently run operating units. Growth is achieved through acquisitions and ongoing development of value-add products.
TDG has top margins within the defense space. The fiscal year 2024 operating margin of 45% is impressive relative to competitors and the company’s history. A few years ago, TDG's operating margin was as low as 35%.
The company’s structure and acquisition prowess are also appealing. With dozens of individual business units serving various niches within aerospace and defense, Transdigm operates almost like a sector fund. The company's leadership team has also proven its ability to complete accretive acquisitions, which enhances the growth outlook.
Transdigm's consensus price target is $1,462, or 8.8% higher than the current stock price.
HEICO makes replacement aircraft components and specialty electronics products such as assemblies, memory modules, power suppliers and amplifiers. The company has two reporting segments, Flight Support Group and Electronics Technologies Group.
Like Transdigm, HEICO has used acquisitions to expand its footprint and business results.
HEICO’s standout feature is its revenue growth record. Annual sales grew nearly 28% on average between fiscal years 2022 and 2024. The company's operating margin is lower than TDG's at about 21%, but it has been consistent for at least seven years. That is impressive, given that HEI has completed more than eight acquisitions in that time.
In fiscal 2024, HEI delivered record revenue and operating income. Chairman and CEO Laurans A. Mendelson cited ""exceptional operating performance at the Flight Support Group and notable contributions"" from recent acquisitions.
The average analyst price target for HEICO is $270.20, or 14.5% higher than the share price.
Curtiss-Wright sells engineered products and services to the aerospace and defense, commercial power, process and industrial markets. The diversified offering includes high-performance radars, hot-air valves for engine propulsion systems and coolant pump technology used in nuclear reactors.
Curtiss-Wright regularly beats analysts’ expectations for revenue and earnings. In the last three quarters, the EPS outperformance has averaged over 13%.
The company has strength in the aerospace and defense markets, where third-quarter 2024 sales increased 15% on higher demand for defense electronics and higher submarine and aircraft carrier revenue.
Curtiss-Wright also grew its backlog 16% to $3.3 billion in the first nine months of 2024. The strong year-to-date results prompted an increase to the company’s full-year outlook for revenue, operating income, diluted EPS and free cash flow.
Analysts are targeting a share price of $382.67, or upside of 13%.
Woodword sells fuel pumps, air valves, thrust reverse actuation systems and other parts used in aircraft, rotorcraft and guided weapons. The company also sells actuators, valves, pumps, electronics and software for industrial applications. Customers are OEMs, suppliers, distributors and contractors.
Pure defense sales can be inconsistent, as government budgets change with geopolitical trends. Woodward serves two markets: aerospace and industrial equipment. This provides revenue diversification, which can be helpful if the defense outlook changes.
The broader business model has not been limiting. The company grew fiscal year 2024 sales and adjusted EPS by 14% and 45%, respectively. The performance contributed to a 30% increase in WWD’s stock price over the last 12 months.
Note that management and analysts expect WWD’s fiscal year 2025 sales growth to slow. The average analyst prediction is 3.5% revenue growth in 2025, with an improvement to 8.1% in 2026.
The consensus price target for WWD is $195.38, or 5.25% higher than the current stock price.
BWX designs, makes and sells nuclear components for government and commercial customers. The product offering includes reactors, fuel, proprietary valves and manifolds, steam generators and heat exchangers.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says there is global momentum for nuclear expansion. Nuclear energy is gaining popularity as a low-carbon source of electricity. The defense sector also relies on nuclear energy to power highly efficient submarines. IAEA projects world nuclear capacity will more than double by 2050.
Increasing interest in nuclear energy and capacity growth benefit BWX, a leader in naval nuclear reactors and commercial reactor components. BWX is also the only U.S. business licensed to handle special nuclear materials. This licensing provides the company access to high-value programs for the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy.
Analysts have set an average price target of $127.50 for BWX. This is 13.74% higher than the stock’s current price.
If you are interested in targeted energy sector exposure, see this list of best energy stocks for 2025.
Cadre Holdings makes and sells safety equipment including body armor, blast sensors, bomb suits, forensic products and crowd control products. Customers include state and local law enforcement and federal agencies.
Cadre has built a good business from its portfolio of safety gear brands, with increasing revenue and solid cash flow. Complementary acquisitions have been a key part of the company’s growth.
In the first three quarters of 2024, Cadre increased period-over-period revenues 9.4% despite a tough third quarter. The earnings release identifies ""recent acquisitions and higher demand for armor and duty gear products"" as key factors.
In January 2025, Cadre announced it would acquire Carr’s Engineering division from Carr's Group PLC. The brands in this division provide in-demand products and services for nuclear safety and protection. The deal significantly expands Cadre's total addressable market and client roster. Carr's high-quality client list and long-term revenue contracts are added highlights.
The consensus price target for Cadre is $39.75, which amounts to 2.8% upside from CDRE's current stock price.
The prevailing outlook for the defense sector is positive. If government defense spending is on the rise, targeted investment exposure to this segment can give your portfolio a nice boost. The best defense stocks often have strong revenue growth records, competitive operating margins and a full range of products and services."
28,2025-02-02,"
Supply is expected to be short even after launch. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

A supply update from OCUK (Overclockers UK) indicates that users who've purchased an Nvidia GeForce RTX 5090 might need to wait for up to 16 weeks to receive their GPU. Following global RTX 50 sellouts, this news suggests that retailers' struggles with Blackwell inventory will not be easing up anytime soon. We advise you to stick to your current GPU if you're looking to upgrade, at least until supply improves.
Just a few hours into the embargo's lifting saw virtually every RTX 50 GPU fly off shelves almost instantly. Newegg reports that its RTX 50 inventory evaporated in just 20 minutes, while most GPUs were already gone in the first five. Just two days before launch, even Nvidia admitted: ""stock-outs may happen."" We've seen scalpers proudly offering these GPUs at 2x-3x the MSRP on marketplaces like eBay. With the RTX 5070 family debuting this month, we can only hope availability doesn't plague its launch as well. Jensen's infamous claim of an RTX 5070 matching the RTX 4090 (with MFG) is bound to lure unsuspecting customers. At near similar core counts, Blackwell offers a modest 10% bump in rasterization performance without any frame generation, so you can already imagine how the RTX 5070 will hold up to Jensen's boast.
In its tweet at X, OCUK explains that its entire RTX 50 inventory has been depleted and pre-orders have been halted for the time being. Customers who have not received a dispatch confirmation email have been added to a pre-order queue, supply for which is expected within 3 to 16 weeks for the RTX 5090 and within 2 to 6 weeks for the RTX 5080. OCUK is holding off on new Blackwell orders until the uncertainty surrounding supply clears up. The retailer also apologized for a website outage around the RTX 50 launch frenzy. You can expand the tweet below to view the full statement.
RTX 50 Series Stock Update 31/01/2025Stock UpdateRTX 5090 sold out and pre-orders ceasedRTX 5080 sold out and pre-orders ceasedDue to incredibly high demand and limited stock, all 50 Series cards sold shortly after launch with some pre-orders taken in restricted quantities.…January 31, 2025
All things considered, the responsibility of ensuring availability at launch rests with Nvidia and AIBs. Each consumer-grade RTX 50 GPU produced means one less data-center Blackwell accelerator, as they use the same wafers from TSMC. Enthusiasts wanting the best-in-class can only turn to Nvidia this generation since AMD's RDNA 4 will primarily focus on the mid-range to the budget segment of the market. With a possible RTX 5060 series arriving next month for the mainstream segment, where the bulk of the market resides, let's hope Nvidia and its partners can get the supply situation under control.
Get Tom's Hardware's best news and in-depth reviews, straight to your inbox.
Hassam Nasir is a die-hard hardware enthusiast with years of experience as a tech editor and writer, focusing on detailed CPU comparisons and general hardware news. When he’s not working, you’ll find him bending tubes for his ever-evolving custom water-loop gaming rig or benchmarking the latest CPUs and GPUs just for fun.  
Asus China compensates and assists owners with damaged GPUs due to PCIe Q-Release Slim mechanism — confirms revision on the way
Asus rolls out golden RTX 5090 for buyers with deep pockets — ROG Astral GeForce RTX 5090 Dhahab OC Edition for the Middle Eastern market
HyperX's Cloud III gaming headset is now only $65 — balanced soundscape on a budget

Tomshardware is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
29,2025-02-02,"
Search the news, stories & people
Personalise the news and
stay in the know
Emergency
Backstory
Newsletters
中文新闻
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
analysis
Topic:Artificial Intelligence
The world's business people are dreaming of a new era of legitimate slavery — free workers. (Reuters: Dado Ruvic/Illustration)
Watching the global frenzy about the new Chinese artificial intelligence model, DeepSeek, last week, I remembered the Statement on AI Risk published by the Center on AI Safety and signed by 350 experts, on May 30, 2023.
It's an archaic curiosity now, like the Assyrian stone tablet from 2800 BC that predicted the end of the world.
That statement, now signed by twice as many concerned citizens, warned about the risk of human extinction from AI, which was perhaps a bit of an overreach, because … well, extinction? Come on! That's just a movie with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
What they should have warned about was jobs — the redundancy and destitution of most of humanity, unless there's some kind of universal income funded by taxes on robots.
What no-one talks about, as the AI revolution unfolds in stock market hype and scientific gung-ho, is what they're all really trying to do.
They're trying to replicate the human brain.
The rewards from doing this are expected to be greater than from any previous technological breakthrough in history.
Tesla CEO and X owner Elon Musk, pictured at a Trump rally in 2024, says AI will put us out of work. (Reuters: Rachel Wisniewski/File)
The world's business people are dreaming of a new era of legitimate slavery — free workers.
Typically succinct, Elon Musk told a tech conference last year: ""Probably none of us will have a job.""
""If you want to do a job that's kinda like a hobby, you can do a job,"" Musk said. ""But otherwise, AI and the robots will provide any goods and services that you want.""
Economists Laura Tyson and Michael Spence wrote, more soberly: ""What will happen to a system based on a key premise that most people gain their income by selling their labour, when the labour of a large share of working-age population regardless of their education is rendered technologically redundant or no longer commands an income adequate to provide minimally decent or socially acceptable standard of living.""
And the founder of Netscape, Marc Andreessen said: ""A world in which human wages crash from AI — logically, necessarily — is a world in which productivity growth goes through the roof, and prices for goods and services crash to near zero.""
DeepSeek rattled the financial heartland of the US and damaged a stock market darling when it burst into public view. The Chinese startup was not a secret but it has now changed AI forever.
Businesses are spending hundreds of billions of dollars a year training AI machines to think, and with that in their spreadsheets, investors are putting values on the companies in the trillions.
The company whose semiconductors are good for training AI machines, Nvidia, has increased in value by close to $5 trillion since that Statement on AI Risk called on everyone to slow down in May 2023.
Nvidia and its four main customers — Microsoft, Meta, Amazon and Google, plus Tesla and Apple — account for 20 per cent of the entire global stock market. The value of the so-called ""Magnificent Seven"" US technology stocks is approaching $30 trillion.
Where do investors think the revenue to justify these valuations will come from? Certainly not from the chatty bots that many of us are now using to find stuff out more easily than searching on Google.
It's from selling enterprise AI systems to companies so they can replace workers and reduce costs.
And the emergence of a cheaper Chinese AI has accelerated that.
In the process, it knocked a trillion dollars off the value of Nvidia last Monday, causing a fright that rippled through global stock markets and prompting predictions that the AI bubble is over. Far from it.
Read more on DeepSeek: 
DeepSeek released its AI reasoning model, R1, on January 20, a week before the market woke up to it with a fright last Monday. R1 was built on top of an inference model called V3 that had been released in December, so the arrival of DeepSeek as a serious AI contender should not have been a surprise.
Nvidia has increased in value by close to $5 trillion since 2023. (Reuters: Andrew Kelly)
What seems to have happened is that a more accessible paper on the R1 model was published last weekend and it was put together with a paper published on December 29 that contained the following statement: ""… our total training costs amount to only $5.576M.""
AI training typically costs 20 times that.
By the way, ""inference"" in AI is the straightforward application of algorithm parameters to data, whereas ""reasoning"" takes it a step further towards replicating the human brain, with complex logical processes that include handling uncertainty, abstract thinking, and hypothetical scenarios.
There's an argument now about the real cost of DeepSeek's technology as well as the extent to which it ""plagiarised"" the US pioneer, ChatGPT. But whatever the cost and extent of copying, it's pretty clear that this is an example of China doing what China does.
The other example currently is electric vehicles (EVs). China has become the world's largest maker and exporter of cars because it is making good, cheap EVs that are beating Germany, Japan and Korea at their own game.
Liang Wenfeng is now leading China in its AI revolution as the superpower attempts to keep pace with the dominant AI industry in the United States. But who is the founder of DeepSeek?
Another way of looking at it is that DeepSeek has brought forward the cost-reducing deflationary phase of AI and signalled an end to the inflationary, speculative phase.
I don't know whether Elon Musk is right and AI leads to mass unemployment. After all, robots have taken over manufacturing and we've still got 4 per cent unemployment.
Maybe everybody who is replaced by an AI robot will find a job doing something that only humans can do, like … err, I can't think of anything right now but I'm sure something will come to me.
But given the way business and capitalism work, wherever AI can be used to reduce costs and paperwork because you don't have to employ human beings, it definitely will be used.
As everyone knows, the British Empire and the United States were built on slavery, including some of the great fortunes of history. And AI and robots are, after all, just a new type of slave.
I don't know whether AI developers will take the next step and achieve what's called the ""singularity"", where AI fully exceeds what the neurons and synapses of the human brain are doing, but I think they will. And I have no idea what will happen then, but it will be a big deal.
Too much money is being spent on that project for it not to happen.
In the meantime, all human-staffed call centres will disappear, including the cheap ones in the Philippines. Routine tasks such as assessing insurance claims, preparing quotes and, well, writing news articles and essays like this, will be taken over by AI — it's already happening.
The deflationary human-replacing phase of AI has begun. It will lower costs and reduce inflation and therefore interest rates.
Which will be just as well since we may not have a job.
Alan Kohler is a finance presenter on ABC TV News and he also writes for Intelligent Investor.
Topic:Women's Health
Topic:State and Territory Elections
Topic:Cricket
Topic:Unrest, Conflict and War
Topic:World Politics
Topic:State and Territory Elections
Topic:World Politics
Topic:Cricket
Artificial Intelligence
Australia
Stock Market
Topic:Women's Health
Topic:State and Territory Elections
Topic:Cricket
Topic:Unrest, Conflict and War
Topic:World Politics
Topic:World Politics
Topic:State and Territory Elections
Topic:Women's Health
Topic:Unrest, Conflict and War
We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.
This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.
AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)"
30,2025-02-02,"
Says it will continue to supply recordable Blu-ray, DVD, and CDs to the Japan market.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Verbatim and I-O Data have pledged to continue to support the recordable optical media market. In a press release on Verbatim's Japanese site, the storage brand wrote (machine translation) that it ""will respond to the trust of customers through stable supply of optical disks in the Japanese market and continuing sales."" It also signaled that this statement had been precipitated by worried customers hearing about the withdrawal of other major manufacturers.
It is evident that Verbatim was stirred into making its reassurances after Sony's recent public withdrawal from the recordable Blu-ray, MiniDiscs for recording, MD data for recording, and MiniDV cassette markets. Sony will shutter its last Japanese facility where it manufactured these data storage media sometime this month. It had already stopped supplying recordable Blu-rays to consumers last summer, and it has now drawn a line under commercial supplies with the factory closure.
In its press release, Verbatim said that the stable supply of high-quality optical recordables to Japanese customers is ""a top priority."" It recognizes that the market is now at a major turning point with other suppliers pulling out, but repeated several times that it will continue to provide these once hugely popular optical discs to the Japanese market. This Japanese language PR highlights that particular geographic market, but it does mention the global scale of Verbatim's operations at least once.
Scooting over to the Verbatim North America site, we don't see any news releases that would worry us with regard to recordable optical supplies dwindling. Rather, we see the company proudly declare that it is ""the No. 1 Optical Brand in the World."" It also maintains a comprehensive ranges of many product lines, so you can buy CD-R discs in five colors, with inkjet labels, or finished to look like vinyl records, for example.
Another encouraging sign for optical disc devotees is that Verbatim has recently launched new optical disc reading/writing hardware. A new Verbatim branded Slimline Blu-ray Writer was showcased at CES 2025, and it is described as ""a 4K writer equipped with Ultra HD Blu-ray playback and powered by a USB cable."" Pangs of nostalgia were felt when we read that the drive comes bundled with 'Nero' software and is compatible with PC systems packing an ""Intel Pentium III / AMD Duron 900 MHz or higher.""
Get Tom's Hardware's best news and in-depth reviews, straight to your inbox.
Mark Tyson is a news editor at Tom's Hardware. He enjoys covering the full breadth of PC tech; from business and semiconductor design to products approaching the edge of reason.
Expand your storage with a 4TB WD Black SN850X M.2 SSD for only $269 at Amazon 
Seagate responds to fraudulent hard drives scandal, says resellers should only buy from certified partners
Asus China compensates and assists owners with damaged GPUs due to PCIe Q-Release Slim mechanism — confirms revision on the way

Tomshardware is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
31,2025-02-02,"WASHINGTON, DC - MAY 22:  Thomas Homan, acting director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, ... [+] testifies before the House Homeland Security Committee's Border and Marine Security subcommittee on Capitol Hill on May 22, 2018 in Washington, DC. Republican House members are calling for reform to asylum processes. (Photo by Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images)
Mass deportation of undocumented immigrants will have serious consequences for the United States economy and job market. Economists predict that large-scale deportations could cause a significant economic contraction.
A report from the American Immigration Council estimates that deporting one million undocumented immigrants per year could cost around $88 billion annually, totaling nearly $1 trillion over a decade. This includes the costs for arrests, detention, legal processing, and deportation logistics.
Although the U.S. immigration system is somewhat broken, immigrants are important to growing the labor force, which helps the overall economy. Immigrants have helped expand the labor supply, driving costs down, and also contributing to paying nearly $580 billion a year in taxes, according to the Joint Economic Committee.
A reduction in labor will cause higher wages, as there will be fewer workers in sectors such as agriculture and construction. However, wages might increase in these sectors due to the reduced labor supply. Some jobs might remain unfilled or lead to increased automation. There's concerns over whether or not these jobs would be taken by the U.S.-born workers. Most people say that native Americans won’t want to work in grueling manual labor. In that case, employment will fall.
The impact would be felt in industries like agriculture, construction, and hospitality. With fewer workers, there may be labor shortages. This can contribute to a reduction in production, increased operational costs, and higher consumer prices. As prices rise, consumer spending might decrease. This leads to lower business revenue along with higher prices due to the shortages.
In a 60 Minutes CBS News interview, Homan said ""It's not OK to enter a country illegally, which is a crime."" He added, ""That's what drives illegal immigration, when there's no consequences.""
According to reporting by the BBC, there are about 11.3 million undocumented immigrants in the US. Searching, rounding them up and deporting them would create a huge logistical and financial challenge. There will be a big need for law enforcement, border control agents, and other government agencies.
Tom Homan, the ""Border Czar"" appointed by President Donald Trump, intends to vigorously pursue deportation efforts. The Trump administration aims to remove as many undocumented immigrants as possible. The initial primary targets for deportation include illegal alien gang members and those who engaged in violent activities.
Homan states that all undocumented immigrants, even those without criminal records, should be concerned about potential arrest. The Border Czar pledged to conduct what he describes as the ""biggest deportation operation this country has ever seen,"" focusing initially on those deemed to be ""public safety threats"" and ""national security threats,"" which includes individuals with criminal records or those considered threats to national security. For the first time in U.S. history, the U.S. government has employed military aircraft to repatriate migrants, which will now occur daily.
Homan acknowledges that not all undocumented migrants will be removed, as the success of the deportation plan depends on congressional funding. His approach might broaden over time and include undocumented immigrants without criminal histories.
There's an expected increase in workplace raids, targeting both undocumented workers and their employers. The actions can potentially disrupt industries reliant on undocumented labor like agriculture, construction, and hospitality services. There could be ""collateral arrests"" where others present during operations get detained.
The cost of mass deportation would be astronomical, estimated between $114 billion and $303.7 billion. This expense would be compounded by the loss of tax contributions from immigrant households and the broader economic slowdown. Moreover, approximately one million immigrant entrepreneurs would be removed, disrupting local economic ecosystems and service industries.
The human and economic ripple effects would be extensive. Mixed-status households would see their incomes potentially halved, pushing many families into poverty. The housing market could become destabilized due to mortgage defaults, and overall consumer spending would decline dramatically.

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
32,2025-02-02,
33,2025-02-02,"HONG KONG, CHINA - JANUARY 28: In this photo illustration, the DeepSeek logo is seen on a phone in ... [+] front of a flag of China on January 28, 2025 in Hong Kong, China. Global tech stocks have plummeted following the emergence of DeepSeek, a Chinese AI startup that has developed a competitive AI model at a fraction of the cost of its US rivals, sparking concerns about the high valuations of tech giants like Nvidia. This development has led to significant declines in tech shares across Asia and Europe, with markets in both regions experiencing notable losses as investors reassess the AI landscape and its potential impact on the industry's future. (Photo illustration by Anthony Kwan/Getty Images)
As is well known now, Nvidia shares tumbled something like 17% last Monday. Was this bad news from the Fed about its plans for interest rates? The question isn’t serious.
Stock prices are a reflection of market expectations about all the dollars companies will earn in the future. Nvidia in particular shows us why the Fed narrative, one that suggests its rate cuts are like opium for the addict, is utter nonsense.
See Nvidia’s market cap since it went public in 1999. It was rather flat for a very long time.
Please think about the flat, price-depressed quality of Nvidia shares in relation to the popular view within the various economic religions that an allegedly “easy” Fed is the source of stock-market vitality. Shouldn’t Nvidia have soared in the early 2000s until 2007, and once again when the Fed was at “zero” from 2008 until 2015? In truth, Nvidia’s shares only started to look $1 and $2 in the mirror in 2015, the year that the Fed exited “zero.”
More recently, the Fed raised its funds rate 525 basis points starting in 2022, and aggressively so through 2023. Did this sap the strength of Nvidia’s shares? Not in the least. They rose 239% in 2023 alone.
Which is but a reminder once again that fundamentals drive the price of shares, not central bank fiddling. And improving fundamentals are frequently a reflection of dynamic change in the marketplace whereby the bad to mediocre are replaced by the good to great. In other words, markets gain strength from weakness as the future replaces the past.
That’s why Nvidia shares did so well at a time when former investor darling Intel wasn’t doing so well. Which is important to think about.
If it were true, as is so often said, that equity markets are yet again addicted to Fed “ease,” then it would be true that all shares would be on the rise when the Fed is in rate-cutting mode. Intel’s laggard ways show us why this isn’t remotely true, and that if it were true, equity markets would be too depressed to be worth writing or reading about. Think about it.
If the Fed could prop up stocks, then its interventions would be good for Nvidia and Intel. How terrifying if so, for the economy and markets as Intel hogged capital to the detriment of the good and great. It would mean that the Fed could suffocate dynamism borne of the future replacing the past, which is the source of market strength.
The above is rooted in the truest of all Wall Street truisms, that the past is a lousy predictor of the future. Thought of in corporate terms, AOL, GE, Intel, and Yahoo were once blue chips. Now they’re not. There’s your market strength as the Nvidia’s of the world run roughshod over the past.
Last Monday, Nvidia’s shares corrected not because of worries about what the Fed might do, but due to near-term investor worry that its ongoing ability to earn the dollars associated with its valuation was less certain than before. DeepSeek’s ability to do so much in the AI space at so little cost called into question Nvidia’s future. At least for a time.
What’s ahead? As Barry Ritholz has said, nobody knows anything. All we know is that present continues to rewrite the future in bullish ways as the future replaces the past. That’s the stuff of market strength as commercial advances reorient investment yet again away from the bad and mediocre to the good and great. And the good and great will inform this future, not the Fed. As always, if the Fed could dictate the future, the present would be too bleak to contemplate.
"
34,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
Superloop's significant individual investors ownership suggests that the key decisions are influenced by shareholders from the larger public
The top 25 shareholders own 46% of the company
 36% of Superloop is held by Institutions
If you want to know who really controls Superloop Limited (ASX:SLC), then you'll have to look at the makeup of its share registry. With 54% stake, individual investors possess the maximum shares in the company. Put another way, the group faces the maximum upside potential (or downside risk).
Individual investors gained the most after market cap touched AU$1.2b last week, while institutions who own 36% also benefitted.
In the chart below, we zoom in on the different ownership groups of Superloop.
 Check out our latest analysis for Superloop 
Institutions typically measure themselves against a benchmark when reporting to their own investors, so they often become more enthusiastic about a stock once it's included in a major index. We would expect most companies to have some institutions on the register, especially if they are growing.
Superloop already has institutions on the share registry. Indeed, they own a respectable stake in the company. This suggests some credibility amongst professional investors. But we can't rely on that fact alone since institutions make bad investments sometimes, just like everyone does. It is not uncommon to see a big share price drop if two large institutional investors try to sell out of a stock at the same time. So it is worth checking the past earnings trajectory of Superloop, (below). Of course, keep in mind that there are other factors to consider, too.
We note that hedge funds don't have a meaningful investment in Superloop. Looking at our data, we can see that the largest shareholder is Argo Investments Limited with 6.1% of shares outstanding. In comparison, the second and third largest shareholders hold about 4.9% and 4.6% of the stock.
On studying our ownership data, we found that 25 of the top shareholders collectively own less than 50% of the share register, implying that no single individual has a majority interest.
While studying institutional ownership for a company can add value to your research, it is also a good practice to research analyst recommendations to get a deeper understand of a stock's expected performance. There are a reasonable number of analysts covering the stock, so it might be useful to find out their aggregate view on the future.
The definition of company insiders can be subjective and does vary between jurisdictions. Our data reflects individual insiders, capturing board members at the very least. Management ultimately answers to the board. However, it is not uncommon for managers to be executive board members, especially if they are a founder or the CEO.
Most consider insider ownership a positive because it can indicate the board is well aligned with other shareholders. However, on some occasions too much power is concentrated within this group.
Our information suggests that Superloop Limited insiders own under 1% of the company. We do note, however, it is possible insiders have an indirect interest through a private company or other corporate structure. It seems the board members have no more than AU$6.8m worth of shares in the AU$1.2b company. Many investors in smaller companies prefer to see the board more heavily invested. You can  click here to see if those insiders have been buying or selling. 
The general public, who are usually individual investors, hold a substantial 54% stake in Superloop, suggesting it is a fairly popular stock. This size of ownership gives investors from the general public some collective power. They can and probably do influence decisions on executive compensation, dividend policies and proposed business acquisitions.
It seems that Private Companies own 3.4%, of the Superloop stock. Private companies may be related parties. Sometimes insiders have an interest in a public company through a holding in a private company, rather than in their own capacity as an individual. While it's hard to draw any broad stroke conclusions, it is worth noting as an area for further research.
Public companies currently own 5.2% of Superloop stock. We can't be certain but it is quite possible this is a strategic stake. The businesses may be similar, or work together.
While it is well worth considering the different groups that own a company, there are other factors that are even more important.
I always like to check for a history of revenue growth. You can too, by accessing this free chart of historic revenue and earnings in this detailed graph.
If you would prefer discover what analysts are predicting in terms of future growth, do not miss this free report on analyst forecasts.
NB: Figures in this article are calculated using data from the last twelve months, which refer to the 12-month period ending on the last date of the month the financial statement is dated. This may not be consistent with full year annual report figures.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
35,2025-02-02,"Despite overall better earnings and resilient U.S. economic growth, the announcement of DeepSeek ... [+] development and President Trump’s threatened tariffs against China, Canada, and Mexico caused crosscurrents in the markets. There remain many unanswered questions about DeepSeek, but there are some crucial investment implications of the technology regardless of the issues. (Photo illustration by Anthony Kwan/Getty Images)
This week is the busiest of the fourth-quarter earnings season, with 130 S&P 500 companies scheduled to report. Seventy-seven percent of S&P 500 firms reported better-than-expected earnings for the quarter. Four of the Magnificent 7 reported earnings last week, with another two coming this week. The Magnificent 7 consists of Microsoft (MSFT), Meta Platforms (META), Amazon.com (AMZN), Apple (AAPL), NVIDIA (NVDA), Alphabet (GOOGL), and Tesla (TSLA).
S&P 500 Earnings Season
Despite overall better earnings and resilient U.S. economic growth, the announcement of DeepSeek development and President Donald Trump’s threatened tariffs against China, Canada, and Mexico caused crosscurrents in the markets. The S&P 500 fell 1% for the week, and the Magnificent 7 lost 0.8%.
Market Returns
Though DeepSeek’s artificial intelligence large language model was released in December 2024, it rattled the technology sector when it became the most downloaded application on the Apple store last week. There remain many unanswered questions about DeepSeek, but there are some crucial investment implications of the technology regardless of the issues.
While DeepSeek almost certainly spent more than disclosed and may have utilized others’ intellectual property, their artificial intelligence model seems to provide competitive performance at a lower development cost using less electricity and less powerful semiconductor chips. Because DeepSeek is a Chinese company, its LLM is not likely to be used directly by U.S. companies. Still, it is open-source, so others here will undoubtedly use its innovations to build their models quickly.
Before DeepSeek, the development of artificial intelligence was an arms race, with the thought that massive spending on infrastructure, electricity, data, and bleeding-edge semiconductor chips was needed to compete. Nvidia (NVDA) was the most direct beneficiary of this environment, as the company is dominant in providing the most advanced AI chips.
The innovations from DeepSeek have opened a new path for lower-cost AI models. While these models are less powerful, they could be offered to customers in a low or no-cost model. This has shifted the balance of market power between the developers and suppliers to large language models, and the companies are utilizing those models internally or offering them to consumers to favor the latter more than previously thought. The most striking example of this shift is the decline in Nvidia (NVDA) last week, while Amazon (AMZN) and Apple (AAPL) rose.
All is not likely lost for companies like Nvidia, however. There should still be robust demand for Nvidia’s high-end chips because the most advanced AI applications will still require that computing power. In addition, the lower the price of artificial intelligence services, the more demand there will be over time. The shift is a reminder of capitalism's creative destruction, especially regarding new technology.
DeepSeek - Tech Sector Impact
According to FactSet data, the communication services and technology sectors contributed most significantly to last week's earnings growth improvement, while the industrials sector was the largest detractor. Meta Platforms (META) was the most significant contributor to communication services, with Microsoft (MSFT) and Apple (AAPL) being the most critical contributors to the technology sector. On the other side of the ledger, earnings misses by Boeing (BA) and Lockheed Martin (LMT) were the most significant detractors within industrials.
The financial sector is expected to show the most rapid year-over-year growth rate in the S&P 500, followed by technology and communications services. The energy sector is at the bottom, with a forecasted almost twenty-nine percent decline in year-over-year earnings.
Fourth-Quarter Estimated Earnings Growth By Sector
Sales growth is closely tied to nominal GDP growth, which combines after-inflation economic growth (real GDP) with inflation. At this point in the earnings season, sales growth at 4.6% has met expectations, with the tailwind from 5% year-over-year nominal GDP growth.
Fourth-Quarter Estimated Sales Growth By Sector
Due primarily to the robust earnings growth for communication services and banks, the blended earnings performance improved last week and has outperformed expectations at the end of the quarter. Combining actual results with consensus estimates for companies yet to report, the blended earnings growth rate for the quarter is at +13.2% year-over-year, above the expectation of +11.9% at the end of the quarter.
S&P 500 Earnings Estimate Summary
Because these companies are a critical driver of earnings growth and a significant percentage of the S&P 500’s market capitalization, the Magnificent 7 remain the group to watch this earnings season. Microsoft (MSFT), Meta Platforms (META), Tesla (TSLA), and Apple (AAPL) reported last week, with all but Tesla besting consensus estimates. Market reaction was more mixed as Microsoft’s cloud earnings growth was disappointing, and the promise of Tesla robotaxis helped cushion the missed earnings. In addition, the DeepSeek introduction added to the difficulty in attributing this week’s price performance to earnings. This week, Alphabet (GOOGL) and Amazon (AMZN) report after the close on Tuesday and Thursday, respectively. The forward earnings guidance and implications for artificial intelligence spending will be watched closely.
Beyond the Magnificent 7, other notable companies reporting are Merck (MRK), Pfizer (PFE), PepsiCo (PEP), Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), Walt Disney (DIS), and Eli Lilly (LLY).
Magnificent 7: Earnings Growth
Last week, headline economic growth was reported at a below-consensus 2.3% in the fourth quarter, but the details painted a prettier picture of the economic situation. Final sales to private domestic purchasers, which excludes government spending, exports, and any change in inventories, grew by 3.2%, which is evidence that spending by households and businesses remained robust in the quarter.
GDP: U.S. Economic Growth
As widely expected, the Federal Reserve did not change short-term interest rates. Due to good economic momentum and above-target inflation, the Fed is not expected to alter monetary policy until mid-year. Currently, expectations are for a total of two 0.25% reductions in 2025.
The monthly jobs report on Friday will be closely watched as jobs are the canary in the coal mine for economic growth. Struggling economic growth outside the U.S. and the possible impacts of tariffs adds further uncertainty to any outlook.
Expected Fed Rate Cuts
The earnings from technology and communication services didn’t disappoint, but the story was upended by the DeepSeek news. Two more Magnificent 7 companies, Alphabet (GOOGL) and Amazon (AMZN), report earnings this week, and their earnings and forward guidance will be crucial. DeepSeek shows that the end of the artificial intelligence story has not yet been written so that investors will monitor the situation closely. In addition to being the busiest week of the earnings season, the tariffs on China, Canada, and Mexico, along with Friday’s monthly jobs report, could add to the market volatility.
Disclosure: Glenview Trust holds many stocks mentioned in this article within its recommended investment strategies.
"
36,2025-02-02,"The Kansas City Chiefs had the best record in the NFL this season, and two seasons ago, and a couple of years before that, and across the last seven years in aggregate. They won championships in the 2019, 2022 and 2023 seasons and, with a victory on February 9, can become the first team in NFL history with a Super Bowl three-peat.
But while the Chiefs are 1.5-point favorites for next Sunday’s game against the Philadelphia Eagles, they are longtime financial underdogs.
On Forbes’ most recent list of the NFL’s most valuable teams, Kansas City ranked 24th at $4.85 billion—16 spots and $1.75 billion behind Philadelphia (No. 8, $6.6 billion). The disparity would be even more glaring going off the Eagles’ sale of an 8% stake last month at a reported $8.3 billion valuation (with the caveat that prices of small slivers of teams generally do not translate to the numbers in control stake transactions).
Regardless of which big number you use, the Chiefs have not won the two teams’ head-to-head financial battle since 2001, two years before Lincoln Financial Field opened in Philadelphia and transformed the Eagles’ economics. And despite building a dynasty over the past decade, Kansas City has fallen below the average NFL valuation every year since Forbes began ranking pro football teams in 1998.
That might be a surprise to anyone who knows the Chiefs primarily for the star power of quarterback Patrick Mahomes and tight end Travis Kelce—marketing darlings who each earned a place among the NFL’s 10 highest-paid players this season—or has watched Kansas City steamroll its on-field competition, with 10 straight playoff appearances and five trips to the Super Bowl in the last six years. In the NFL, however, winning doesn’t guarantee big numbers on the financial scoreboard, and losing isn’t always bad for business. Look no further than the Dallas Cowboys, who last won a title 29 years ago but are the only sports team in the world worth more than $10 billion.
“Some revenues are going to be sensitive to team performance,” says Steve Vogel, managing director of the sports finance group at U.S. Bank, “but the model that the NFL has enables there to be less volatility. And so teams can absorb the bad times a lot easier than you might experience in other leagues.”
Last season, according to Forbes estimates, each of the NFL’s 32 teams took home more than $400 million from the league’s national deals, including sponsorships and a media rights package that should pay out more than $126 billion over 11 years. For every team except the Cowboys, that figure represented more than half of its total revenue.
NFL teams are also limited in how much they benefit directly from postseason success because the league collects the vast majority of revenue from playoff games and redistributes it in equal shares. The stipend may not cover all of the expenses that come with a deep run, either. “Typically, when teams win the Super Bowl, for a short period of time, they actually have a net-negative financial result,” notes Marc Ganis, president of the consulting firm Sportscorp, who is often called the NFL’s “33rd owner” because of his close ties to football’s decision makers.
Game Changers: During a dominant seven-year stretch led by Travis Kelce and Patrick Mahomes, the Chiefs have made five Super Bowl trips and more than doubled in value.
Over the longer term, winning produces a larger and more enthusiastic fan base, with the added demand enabling the team to raise ticket prices and attract a broader pool of sponsors. But it actually requires sustained success, like the New England Patriots’ dynastic stretch from 2001 to 2019, which featured 17 playoff berths and six Super Bowl victories. “During that successful period, sure, you’re seeing some growth,” says Edwin E. Draughan, a partner at sports investment bank Park Lane, “but the longstanding valuation creation will be towards the tail end and afterwards.”
For now, the Chiefs have more than doubled in value since Mahomes took over as their starting quarterback in 2018, and climbed 1,790% across the 26-year history of Forbes’ valuation list, more than three times the S&P 500’s growth in that time. But Kansas City still lags behind the Eagles with its team-specific revenue ($187 million vs. $246 million last season, according to Forbes estimates). And the 8.2x revenue multiple behind Forbes’ valuation of the Chiefs trails the Eagles’ 10.2x, showing that potential investors are less keen on the franchise and its revenue growth prospects.
By Forbes’ count, Philadelphia has the edge in every major revenue stream—from sponsorships to ticket sales to concessions and more—and ranked in the top third of the NFL almost across the board last season. The Chiefs, meanwhile, were ninth in stadium naming rights, merchandise and parking but were generally below league average otherwise.
“It’s the market,” Ganis says. “The Philadelphia market is so much larger, financially stronger, more diverse than the Kansas City market that the Eagles can sell everything from suites to naming rights to advertising, sponsorships and even tickets for a significantly higher price.” With Philadelphia ranking eighth nationally with a metropolitan statistical area population of 6.2 million, compared with 2.2 million for No. 31 Kansas City, the City of the Brotherly Shove also has the upper hand in Forbes’ team valuations for MLB (No. 7 vs. No. 28) and MLS (No. 12 vs. No. 16).
In addition, the Eagles “have invested in huge ways in their stadium,” Vogel says. “The Chiefs have been a little bit more limited just given how old that stadium is.” Only two NFL home fields have been around longer than Kansas City’s Arrowhead Stadium, which opened in 1972.
The Chiefs are, naturally, trying to do something about that. Last year, they laid out plans for an $800 million Arrowhead upgrade, but Jackson County taxpayers in April rejected a sales tax initiative that would have funded the project. As the Chiefs consider alternatives for a renovation or a new stadium altogether, they sent an email survey to fans last month seeking feedback on potential features and amenities.
From the team’s perspective, the upside is clear: a revenue lift from luxury suites and communal clubs, areas where Kansas City collectively ranked 25th in the NFL last season, according to Forbes estimates. The Chiefs have jumped on an industry-wide trend by creating eight new clubs in recent years, but ultimately, “they can only do so much” with the space they have, Draughan says.
In the meantime, the Chiefs have been thinking about how to transcend their stadium and their market. Over the last three years, they have acquired marketing rights in Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Mexico from the NFL, which regulates teams’ international efforts. “We have a first-ballot Hall of Fame head coach, a first-ballot Hall of Fame quarterback, a first-ballot Hall of Fame tight end,” Chiefs president Mark Donovan told Forbes last February. “If we don’t aspire to be the world’s team, then we’ve failed. We have to take advantage of that.”
To this point, the returns have been in brand expansion and awareness. Donovan said last year that Kansas City’s revenue in the three European countries had been roughly $1 million for 2023 and that the Chiefs were hoping to reach break-even there in 18 months.
But even if that initiative doesn’t pan out—and even if the Chiefs remain football’s 24th-most-valuable team forever—they’re still in a good spot. Only 15 non-NFL sports teams are more valuable, and only 18 were more profitable, according to Forbes estimates. And the combination of the scarcity of teams and the prospect of even more lucrative media rights deals down the line has Vogel bullish about the NFL’s growth.
“From my seat, working with front offices and with owners, no one is too caught up in where they stand from a ranking perspective,” he says. “Owners are working together on the macro growth.”
Additional reporting by Justin Teitelbaum and Justin Birnbaum.

"
37,2025-02-02,"Nvidia's RTX 50 series might have won CES, but there are strong reasons to consider AMD or Intel for your next GPU upgrade."
38,2025-02-02," From
By 

      Kate Wells
    
  

                A worker moves crates of eggs on Jan. 11, 2024 at the Sunrise Farms processing plant in Petaluma, Calif., which has seen outbreaks of avian flu.
                
                    
                    Terry Chea/AP
                    
                
hide caption

Greg Herbruck knew 6.5 million of his birds needed to die, and fast. 
But the CEO of Herbruck's Poultry Ranch wasn't sure how the third-generation family egg producer (one of the largest in the US) was going to get through this round of avian flu, financially or emotionally. One staffer broke down in Herbruck's office in tears.
""The mental toll on our team of dealing with that many dead chickens is just, I mean, you can't imagine it,"" Herbruck said. ""I didn't sleep. Our team didn't sleep.""
This story was produced in partnership with KFF Health News.
The stress of watching tens of thousands of sick birds die of avian flu each day, while millions of others wait to be euthanized, kept everyone awake.
In April 2024, as his first hens tested positive for Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza (HPAI) H5N1, Herbruck turned to the tried and true USDA playbook, the ""stamping out"" strategy that helped end the 2014-2015 bird flu outbreak, which was the largest in the US until now.
Within 24-48 hours of the first detection of the virus, state and federal animal health officials work with farms to cull infected flocks to reduce the risk of transmission. That's followed by extensive disinfection and months of surveillance and testing to make sure the virus isn't still lurking somewhere on site.
Since then, egg farms have had to invest millions of dollars into biosecurity. Employees shower in and shower out, before they start working and after their shifts ends to prevent spreading the virus.

                A sign outside Herbruck's Poultry Ranch in Saranac, Michigan, one of the largest egg producers in the US. Since the last bird flu outbreak in 2015, farms have invested millions of dollars into biosecurity.
                
                    
                    Herbruck’s Poultry Ranch
                    
                
hide caption

But none of that has been enough to contain the outbreak that started three years ago.
This time, the risk to human health is only growing, experts say. Sixty-six of the 68 total human cases in the United States have been just since March, including the first human death in this country earlier this month.
""The last six months have accelerated my concern, which was already high,"" said Dr. Nahid Bhadelia, an infectious diseases physician and the founding director of Boston University's Center on Emerging Infectious Diseases.
Controlling this virus has become more challenging, precisely because it's so entrenched in the global environment, spilling into mammals such as dairy cows, and affecting 147 million birds in commercial and backyard flocks in the US. 
Because laying hens are so susceptible to the H5N1 virus, which can wipe out entire flocks within days of the first infection, egg producers have been on the frontline in the fight against various bird flu strains for years now.
But this moment feels different. Egg producers and the American Egg Board are begging for a new approach.
Many infectious disease experts agree that the risks to human health of continuing current protocols is unsustainable, because of the strain of bird flu driving this outbreak.
""The one we're battling today is unique,"" said David Swayne, the former lab director of the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Agricultural Research Service (ARS) Southeast Poultry Research Laboratory (SEPRL) and a leading national expert in avian influenza.
""It's not saying for sure there's gonna be a pandemic"" of H5N1, Swayne said, ""but it's saying the more human infections, the spreading into multiple mammal species is concerning.""

                Red Star chickens feed in their coop at Historic Wagner Farm in Glenview, Ill. on Jan. 10, 2023.
                
                    
                    Erin Hooley/AP
                    
                
hide caption

For Herbruck, it feels like war. Ten months after Herbruck's Poultry Ranch was hit, the company is still rebuilding its flocks, and rehired most of the 400 workers they had to lay off.
Still, he and his counterparts in the industry live in fear, watching other farms get hit two, even three times in the last few years.
""I call this virus a terrorist,"" he said. ""And we are in a battle and losing, at the moment.""
So far, none of the 23 people who contracted the disease from commercial poultry have experienced severe cases, but the risks are still very real. The first human death was a Louisiana patient who had contact with both wild birds and backyard poultry. The person was over the age of 65 and reportedly had underlying medical conditions.
And the official message to both backyard farm enthusiasts and mega farms has been broadly the same: biosecurity is your best weapon against the spread of disease.
But there's a range of opinions among backyard flock owners about how seriously to take bird flu, said Katie Ockert, a Michigan State University Extension educator who specializes in biosecurity communications.
Skeptics think ""we're making a mountain out of a molehill,"" Ockert said, or ""the media is maybe blowing it out of proportion."" Which means there are two types of backyard poultry enthusiasts, Ockert said: those doing great biosecurity, and those who aren't even trying.
""I see both,"" she said, ""I don't feel like there's really any middle ground there for people.""
And the challenges of biosecurity are completely different for backyard coops than massive commercial barns: how are hobbyists with limited time and budgets supposed to create impenetrable fortresses for their flocks, when any standing water or trees on the property could draw wild birds carrying the virus?

                Trucks are washed before entering Herbruck's Poultry Ranch, one of the biosecurity measures farms have taken to try to reduce the spread of bird flu.

                    
                    Ryan Smith/Herbruck’s Poultry Ranch
                    
                
hide caption

Rosemary Reams, an 82-year-old retired educator in Ionia, Michigan, grew up farming and has been helping the local 4-H poultry program for years, teaching kids how to raise poultry. Now, with the bird flu outbreak, ""I just don't let people go out to my barn,"" she said.
Reams even swapped real birds with fake ones for kids to use while being assessed by judges at recent 4-H competitions, she said.
""We made changes to the fair last year, which I got questioned about a lot. And I said 'No, I gotta think about the safety of the kids.' ""
Reams was shocked by the news of the death of the Louisiania backyard flock owner. She's even questioned whether she should continue to keep her own flock of 20 to 30 chickens and a pair of turkeys.
""But I love 'em. At my age, I need to be doing it. I need to be outside,"" Reams said. ""That's what life is about."" She said she'll do her best to protect herself and her 4-H kids from bird flu.
But even ""the best biosecurity in the world"" hasn't been enough to save large commercial farms from infection, said Emily Metz, president and CEO of the American Egg Board, an industry group.
The egg industry thought it learned how to outsmart this virus after the last outbreak in 2014-2015.
That time, ""we were spreading it amongst ourselves between egg farms, with people, with trucks,"" Metz said. So egg producers went into lockdown, she said, developing intensive biosecurity measures to try to block the routes of transmission from wild birds or other farms.
Metz said the measures egg producers are taking now are extensive.
""They have invested hundreds of millions of dollars in improvements, everything from truck washing stations, which is washing every truck from the Fedex man to the feed truck and everything in between. Busing in workers so that there's less foot traffic. Laser light systems to prevent waterfowl from landing.""
Lateral spread, when the virus is transmitted from farm to farm, has dropped dramatically, down from 70% of cases in the last outbreak to just 15% now, according to the USDA.
And yet, Metz said, ""all the measures we're doing are still getting beat by this virus.""
Perhaps the most contentious debate about bird flu in the poultry industry right now is whether to vaccinate.
Given the mounting death toll for animals and the increasing risk to humans, there's a growing push to vaccinate certain poultry against avian influenza, which countries like China, Egypt, and France are already doing.
Last year, the World Organization on Animal Health urged nations to consider vaccination ""as part of a broader disease prevention and control strategy.""
Swayne, the avian influenza expert and poultry veterinarian, works with WOAH and says most of his colleagues in the animal and public health world ""see vaccination of poultry as a positive tool in controlling this panzootic in animals,"" but also a tool that reduces chances for human infection, and chances for additional mutations of the virus to become more human-adapted.
But vaccination could put poultry meat exporters (whose birds are genetically less susceptible to H5N1 than laying hens) at risk of losing billions of dollars in international trade deals.
That's because of concerns that vaccination, which lowers the severity of disease in poultry, could potentially mask infections and bring the virus across borders, according to John Clifford, former Chief Veterinary Officer for the USDA and an advisor for the USA Poultry and Egg Export Council.
""If we vaccinate, we not only lose $6 billion potentially in exports a year,"" Clifford said. ""If they shut us off, that product comes back on the US market. Our economists looked at this and said we would lose $18 billion domestically.""
Clifford added that would also mean the loss of ""over 200,000 agricultural jobs.""
Even if those trade rules changed to allow meat and eggs from vaccinated birds, there would still be logistical hurdles.
""Vaccination possibly could be on the horizon in the future, but it's not going to be tomorrow or the next day, next year or whatever,"" Clifford said.
To take just one obstacle, none of the current HPAI vaccines are a perfect match for the current strain, according to the USDA. But if the virus evolves to be able to transmit from human to human, he said, ""that would be a game changer for everybody, which would probably force vaccination.""
Earlier this month, the USDA announced it would ""pursue a stockpile that matches current outbreak strains"" in poultry. ""While deploying a vaccine for poultry would be difficult in practice and may have trade implications, in addition to uncertainty about its effectiveness, USDA has continued to support research and development in avian vaccines,"" the agency said.
At this point, Metz argued, the industry can't afford not to try vaccination, which has helped eradicate diseases in poultry before.
""We're desperate, and we need every possible tool,"" she said. ""And right now, we're fighting this virus with at least one, if not two, arms tied behind our back. And the vaccine can be a huge hammer in our toolbox.""
But unless the federal government acts, that tool won't be used.
And industry concerns aside, infectious disease physician Bhadelia said there's an urgent need to focus on reducing the risk to humans of getting infected in the first place. And that means reducing ""chances of infections in animals that are around humans, which include cows and chickens. Which is why I think vaccination to me sounds like a great plan.""
The lesson ""that we keep learning every single time, is that if we'd acted earlier, it would have been a smaller problem,"" she said.
This story comes from NPR's health reporting partnership with Michigan Public and KFF Health News.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
39,2025-02-02,"
This article is part of Gizmodo Deals, produced separately from the editorial team.
      We may earn a commission when you buy through links on the site.
    
Samsung has unveiled its Galaxy S25 Series a few days ago with the Galaxy S25 Ultra leading the charge as a true rival to the iPhone 16 Pro. This new flagship phone boasts superior hardware specifications and potentially outperforms its Apple counterpart on many details. While the software battle between Android and iOS remains a matter of personal preference, Samsung is offering an incredible value proposition with its pre-order phase.
See Galaxy S25 Ultra at Samsung.com
See Galaxy S25 Series at Samsung.com
The Galaxy S25 Ultra stands out with an exclusive launch offer that overshadows not only its siblings, the S25 and S25+, but also the latest iPhone 16 Pro. While the iPhone 16 Pro 512GB variant is priced at $1299 on the Apple Store, Samsung is offering the same storage capacity for the S25 Ultra at a price point of $1299, down from its original $1419, thanks to a “double the storage for free” deal.
But the savings don’t stop there: Samsung’s trade-in program takes the deal to another level and offers up to $900 off with an eligible device trade-in. This means you can potentially snag the 512GB Galaxy S25 Ultra for a record-low $399. The Galaxy S25 and S25+ also benefit from trade-in offers with savings up to $500 and $700 respectively, depending on which smartphone you’re giving back.
See Galaxy S25 Ultra at Samsung.com
These pre-orders deals on the latest Galaxy S25 Series extend beyond just the phone itself: Samsung is sweetening the pot with “Instant Savings” on a wide range of accessories. For instance, you can buy the new Galaxy Buds3 Pro for just $19, down from $249, or the Watch Ultra for $250, a significant drop from its original $649 price tag, if you’re going for the Galaxy S25 Ultra. Similar discounts are also available if you grab a Galaxy S25 or S25+.
This pre-order promotion is exclusive to Samsung’s official website and is set to run until February 6th with the first deliveries scheduled for February 7th. However, we really recommend you to act fast: some exclusive colors available only on Samsung’s site (like the Titanium Jadegreen for the Galaxy S25 Ultra or the Coralred for the Galaxy S25) are facing extended delivery times due to high demand. The sooner you pre-order them, the sooner you will receive them.
For those considering an upgrade or switch to Android from iOS, this launch offer is a unique opportunity: Samsung has never been so generous for a product launch. During last Black Friday, the discounts on the previous Galaxy S24 Series were not that big. This is definitely the best timing to secure the top Android phones on the market, and Apple’s biggest nightmare.
You can pre-order yours here:
See Galaxy S25 Ultra at Samsung.com

          Get the best tech, science, and culture news in your inbox daily.
        

          News from the future, delivered to your present.
        

      Please select your desired newsletters and submit your email to upgrade your inbox.
    

Best of CES 2025 Awards â
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2025 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
40,2025-02-02,"POLAND - 2023/08/01: In this photo illustration, a Google logo displayed on a smartphone with ... [+] Artificial Intelligence (AI) design in the background. (Photo Illustration by Omar Marques/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)
Google is offering a voluntary buyout program to its U.S.-based employees within the ""Platforms and Devices"" unit. The division includes over 25,000 full-time staff working on products like Android, Chrome, Pixel, Fitbit, and Nest. This initiative is part of Google's strategic pivot towards AI and aims to streamline operations. Rick Osterloh, the senior vice president of Platforms and Devices, frames this move as an opportunity for eligible employees to exit with a severance package, thereby enhancing team efficiency and focus.
This buyout isn't just about cost-cutting but is emblematic of broader industry and legal shifts. The program's timing coincides with CFO Anat Ashkenazi's focus on cost-cutting and restructuring the workforce to better align with technological priorities, particularly the ramp-up in AI infrastructure spending for 2025.
Employees have until February 20 to opt into this exit program, with acceptance notifications expected by March 25. This offer does not extend to other groups like AI or Search, targeting specifically those in the tech giant’s Platforms & Devices team, including Android, ChromeOS, Pixel, Chromebooks, Google Photos, Google One, and Nest.
From a job perspective, accepting a Google buyout has several pros and cons. On the pro side, it provides a clear financial cushion through a severance package, which could include weeks or months of salary, possibly health insurance continuation, and stock options vesting, giving individuals time to plan their next career move without immediate financial pressure.
This package can also serve as a buffer in a competitive job market, allowing for career exploration or retraining, particularly into high-demand areas like AI or cybersecurity. Additionally, leaving voluntarily can be less damaging to one's resume than being laid off, potentially offering better leverage in future job negotiations.
On the con side, the current tech job market, while still robust in certain areas, has cooled from its peak, meaning there might be a longer job search or the need to accept a role that isn't a perfect match for one's experience or aspirations.
There's also the risk of losing company-specific benefits like Google's perks and networking opportunities, which might not be easily replicated elsewhere. Moving away from a well-known company like Google could mean a temporary dip in professional visibility or prestige, particularly if one's next job isn't as high-profile.
The motivation behind this buyout can be traced to both legal and operational considerations. Legally, Google faces scrutiny from the U.S. Department of Justice over potential monopolistic practices related to Chrome and Android, which might lead to significant corporate restructuring or even divestiture.
The buyout is a litmus test to see who really wants to stay and those who are not all committed, especially to boost AI integration.
The specifics of the severance packages remain undisclosed, but typically, they might include weeks or months of salary based on service length, along with benefits like extended health insurance or stock option vesting.
With the tech job market currently saturated yet still demanding skills in AI and software engineering, those opting for the buyout might face a competitive job search but could use the severance for career pivoting or exploring new opportunities.
The broader context of this buyout is the tech industry's ongoing layoffs, which began in 2022 and have continued into 2025. According to Layoffs.fyi, 2024 saw over 150,000 tech workers laid off across more than 540 companies, a decrease from 2023's 200,000 but still significant. In 2025, thirty tech companies have already laid off around 6,003 employees.
This trend is driven by factors like over-hiring during the economic upturn of the pandemic, economic uncertainty, and the rapid adoption of AI technologies, which also promise productivity gains but at the cost of workforce reduction.
AI’s role in this scenario is pivotal. Companies are leveraging automation for efficiency, which accelerates layoffs. However, on the positive side, the tech sector is projected to grow, with the Computing Technology Industry Association's 2024 report forecasting an increase from 6 million tech jobs in 2024 to 7.1 million by 2034, indicating a shift towards more innovation-focused roles.

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
41,2025-02-02,"
Embraer, Nvidia and TSMC share key strengths, such as a wide competitive moat and huge market ... [+] demand, positioning them for significant future growth.
Investing in high-growth companies with a long-term perspective is a proven strategy for building wealth, but not all fast-growing companies are created equal. The opportunity lies in identifying stocks poised to capitalize on sustainable trends, with a minimal risk of degrading into obsolescence. The article highlights a small selection of growth stocks that meet these benchmarks.
The selected stocks:
Brazilian aerospace company Embraer (ERJ) produces a fleet of commercial, business and defense jets. It is popular for its single-aisle E175-E2 commercial planes, the C-390 Millennium military transport aircraft and the Phenom 300, a top-seller in the light jet category for the last 12 years. The ERJ stock has climbed more than 125% in the past year, and returned to investment grade credit rating.
Whether Embraer can disrupt the Boeing-Airbus duopoly, because of Boeing’s brutal year and Airbus’ supply-chain snags, is debatable. However, the Brazilian plane maker appears strategically positioned to capitalize on its robust order backlog and strong performance across all of its segments.
1. Strong backlog
Embraer’s firm order backlog rose to $22.7 billion in the third quarter of 2024, marking its highest level in the past nine years. This provides visibility for steady cash flow in the years ahead.
2. Rising deliveries despite supply chain constraints
Embraer delivered 206 aircraft in 2024, up 14% from 181 in 2023. About 63%, or 130 of these, were executive jets. In 2023, the Brazilian aircraft maker delivered 115 executive jets, representing roughly the same 63% of overall deliveries. It is interesting to note that Embraer allows customers to design their own executive jets using a new aircraft configurator. The company continues to see double-digit growth for aircraft deliveries, revenue and EBIT in 2025 and beyond, even as it navigates its supply chain constraints.
3. Attractive economics of E2 jets position it well for replacement opportunities
Embraer’s E195-E2 jets are gaining traction in the Commercial Aviation sector, due to their superior economics and passenger-friendly design, including no middle seats and 40% larger overhead bins. The E195-E2 will feature automatic takeoff, an industry-first, before the end of this year, and can operate from shorter runways.
Embraer’s E2 family offers 16% lower fuel consumption compared to its first-generation E-Jets, and 25.4% better fuel efficiency per seat. In 2024, Embraer sold 47 E195/E190-E2 jets and 26 E175 jets, up from 39 and 25, respectively, in 2023. The growing need to replace 3,000+ small narrow-body aircraft worldwide presents a significant opportunity for the E2 family over the next few years.
The efficient E195-E2 is profitable at a ~80% load factor, a dynamic that highlights its potential as a preferred choice for both mainline and low-cost carriers, looking to expand connectivity to secondary cities. The number of cities without service or served less than once daily has increased from 49 in 2019 (pre-pandemic) to 85 in 2023, highlighting a significant opportunity for the E2 family’s capabilities.
U.S. airlines are unable to operate the higher-capacity E195-E2 that has a maximum of 146 seats, due to the scope clause in contracts between airlines and pilots’ unions that limits the number of passengers a regional aircraft can carry to 76. If the scope clause is ratified, it may open the floodgates of the U.S. commercial aviation market for the E2 jets.
4. Solid spot in defense
Embraer’s Defense & Security segment continues to perform well, delivering three new generation military multi-mission transport aircraft, the C-390 Millennium, in 2024, up from two in 2023. Embraer’s light attack aircraft A-29 Super Tucano is also seeing strong demand, with over 290 orders. Growing geopolitical complexity across the globe may boost defence budgets, and Embraer may be in the right spot to benefit.
5. Reclaiming investment-grade rating
Embraer has significantly deleveraged its balance sheet over the past three years, lowering its net debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio to 1.3x in the third quarter of 2024 from 3.9x in 2021 (and 20.7x in 2020). It has no relevant debt to be paid back during the next 2.5 years. The continued improvement in credit metrics has helped the Brazilian airplane-maker return completely to investment-grade rating in 2024.
6. Accolades from customers, analysts
Embraer’s reputation for reliability has earned praise from customers like American Airlines. In an earnings call last year, American Airlines CEO Robert Isom extolled Embraer. “I want to give a shout out to Embraer,” Isom said. “They have delivered day in and day out, throughout the pandemic, no matter the concerns of their supply chain.” American’s regional jet fleet comprises 302 Embraer aircraft and that includes 210 E175s. Bank of America analysts highlighted the fact that Embraer was largely on time and on budget with its projects between 1999 and 2019, calling it “an engineering marvel.”
7. Plans for a new jet rivaling Boeing’s 737
Embraer may reportedly be mulling a new jet to compete with Boeing 737. The Wall Street Journal reported that Embraer is holding talks with potential partners and financial backers on its plans for a new narrow-body aircraft. If reports are to be believed, and everything goes as planned, then Embraer will likely take off to new heights.
Nvidia (NVDA) has emerged as one of the standout performers in the U.S. stock market, with its stock soaring nearly 1900% in the past five years, despite recent volatilities. This remarkable surge is driven by the skyrocketing demand for Nvidia’s graphics processing units (GPUs), which power nearly all advanced artificial intelligence systems. However, recent DeepSeek revelations have created uncertainty about America’s AI dominance, wiping $600 billion off Nvidia’s market value in a single day, and unseating it from its pedestal as the most valuable company in the world. DeepSeek, reportedly developed for a fraction of the cost of its U.S. rivals, has sparked questions about the continued need for Nvidia’s high-performance and expensive chips. Despite these concerns, I continue to believe that Nvidia is a more reliable bet on the future of AI.
1. Geopolitical and regulatory risks with DeepSeek 
DeepSeek hails from China, and that definitely adds a layer of complexity. The Chinese government’s influence over domestic tech companies, coupled with the potential for sudden regulatory actions, poses a significant risk for investors, especially in light of what happened with companies like Alibaba. Additionally, given the U.S.’s pattern of banning or restricting Chinese tech companies (like TikTok) over national security concerns, a similar fate may await DeepSeek, as the stakes around data privacy and security are even higher with AI technology that handles huge volumes of data. This could potentially hinder DeepSeek’s global scalability.
2. Unproven claims on cost efficiency
DeepSeek claims spending a mere $5.57 million to develop its model, representing a fraction of LLAMA 3.1’s $500 million, but analysts have dismissed this figure, noting it overlooks substantial hidden costs. DeepSeek’s alleged use of 10,000 A100 GPUs may also be inflated, with reports suggesting as many as 50,000 Hopper GPUs were used, which in turn could raise concerns given the ongoing ""GPU embargo.”
3. Lack of transparency 
DeepSeek clamming up on politically-sensitive questions related to China, but showing willingness to slam Biden and Trump, further distinguishes it from open-source AI models like ChatGPT, which are more transparent and accountable. DeepSeek’s opacity raises doubts about its commitment to openness and responsible AI practices.
4. Nvidia: an established AI ecosystem 
DeepSeek is an AI startup, but Nvidia is an AI leader. Nvidia’s strength lies not just in its GPUs, but in its deep and integrated AI ecosystem, including its strategic partnerships and the CUDA platform – the gold standard for GPU acceleration in AI development. Shifting away from CUDA would pose an immense challenge for competitors, giving Nvidia a significant competitive edge. Nvidia itself expressed no existential angst, calling DeepSeek’s open-source reasoning model R1 ""an excellent AI advancement.”
Nvidia’s AI leadership, strong economic moat and proactive product innovation position it for continued growth.
1. Nvidia’s primary economic moat is its innovation
Nvidia does not think out of the box, it thinks like there is no box. The company transformed its graphics processors into powerful AI chips, sparking unprecedented growth. By targeting the right end markets for its Omniverse platform, Nvidia succeeded where Meta struggled with its Metaverse ventures. The impenetrable CUDA armor is a further testimony to its Midas Touch.
2. Blackwell GPU demand outpacing expectations
Nvidia’s next-gen Blackwell GPUs are already in high demand, outstripping supply by a factor of 15. Wedbush analyst Dan Ives notes that Nvidia can supply only one chip for every 15 chips customers are looking to buy. Barclays analyst Tom O'Malley sees Blackwell GPUs adding $15 billion to Nvidia's sales in the current quarter, with the potential to double in the next quarter. UBS analyst Timothy Arcuri now sees Blackwell revenues of $9 billion for the January quarter vs. prior expectations of $5 billion, with sales rising in the next few years.
3. NVIDIA’s sovereign AI initiatives gathering momentum as India, Japan sign up
NVIDIA’s Sovereign AI initiatives are gaining significant traction as India and Japan embrace the company’s accelerated computing for a new era of AI-driven industrial transformation. India’s Cloud Service Providers (CSPs), including Tata Communications, are constructing AI factories, with Nvidia GPU deployments in the country expected to increase nearly 10x by year-end. Japan is building its most powerful AI supercomputer using Nvidia’s DGX Blackwell.
4. Immense growth potential in autonomous vehicles and robotics
Nvidia’s Automotive and Robotics segment posted third-quarter revenues of $449 million, a small fraction vs. its record data center revenues of $30.8 billion. However, with its Cosmos foundation models, Nvidia is poised for massive growth in the autonomous vehicles and robotics sectors. Cosmos foundation models generate photo-realistic video to facilitate the training of robots and self-driving vehicles at a significantly reduced cost vs. using traditional data. Huang notes “We really hope (Cosmos) will do for the world of robotics and industrial AI what Llama 3 has done for enterprise AI. Analyst Ives sees Nvidia reaching a market cap of $5 trillion as it unlocks this underappreciated growth opportunity in Robotics and AVs.
TSMC is a leading contract chip manufacturer, producing AI chips for major companies like Nvidia, Apple, Qualcomm, AMD and even Intel. TSMC’s foundry dominance is built on years of investment in cutting-edge process technologies, along with a commitment to a pure-play foundry model and a strategic policy of not competing with its clients. This has allowed TSMC to capture nearly 65% of the global semiconductor foundry market share, far outpacing Samsung, which holds just 9.3%.
TSMC’s near monopoly in producing advanced chips for AI and other futuristic technologies, coupled with its relentless push for smaller nodes and more efficient processes sets it a class apart.
1. Pole positioning as a critical AI enabler
TSMC enjoys unparalleled leadership in the production of advanced semiconductors powering AI and data centers because of its superior process technology, strong foundry design ecosystem and reputation as a consistent and reliable chip maker. This unique positioning gives it pricing power and the confidence to set a target for long-term gross margins of 53% and higher. TSMC is reportedly looking at a 5% hike in wafer prices for 2025. The company affirmed that it sells its U.S.-made wafers at a slight premium to Taiwan-made ones, because of the higher cost structure in the U.S.
2. AI accelerators to drive 5-year growth
Revenue from AI accelerators, including AI GPU, AI6, and HBM controller for AI training and inference in the data center, accounted for close to mid-teens percent of TSMC’s total revenue in 2024. Even after more than tripling in 2024, revenue from AI accelerators is expected to double in 2025 as the strong surge in AI-related demand continues. TSMC forecasts revenue growth from AI accelerators to approach a mid-40% CAGR for the five-year period from 2024. AI accelerators are seen as the strongest driver of TSMC’s High Performance Computing (HPC) platform growth and the largest contributor in terms of overall incremental revenue growth in the next several years.
3. Long-term revenue growth at a 20% CAGR
For the five-year period starting from 2024, TSMC expects long-term revenue growth to approach a 20% CAGR in U.S. dollar terms, fueled by all of its growth platforms – smartphone, HPC, IoT and automotive.
4. Strong U.S. relationships
For the skeptics worried about the U.S. export curbs on chips, it would be good to know that TSMC emphasizes its long-standing, good relationship with the U.S., and is building fabs in Arizona. Its first fab in Arizona has already entered high-volume production in the fourth quarter of 2024, utilizing N4 process technology with a yield comparable to its fabs in Taiwan. TSMC’s plans for two more fabs in Arizona are also on track. These fabs will use advanced technologies such as N3, N2, and A16.
5. Upcoming 2-nm node presents strong potential
TSMC’s Industry-leading 2-nanometer and A16 technologies meet the insatiable need for energy-efficient computing. N2 is well on track for volume production in the second half of 2025. Other future offerings like N2P and A16 that are scheduled for volume production in the second half of 2026, feature further performance and power benefits over N2.
Embraer, Nvidia and TSMC share key strengths, such as a wide competitive moat and huge market demand, positioning them for significant future growth. However, these companies don’t simply rest on their laurels; they continue to innovate ensuring their growth drivers remain relevant and impactful over the long term. With AI driving the growth narrative forward, Nvidia and TSMC are key beneficiaries. Embraer is well positioned to benefit as it serves a critical sector with its much-needed solid engineering capabilities amid strong demand dynamics, and its ability to successfully navigate supply chain constraints."
42,2025-02-02,"
					
						
						Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading!
					
				

Nickname:



Password:



Nickname:



Password:



The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them.  We are not responsible for them in any way.

...but the stock market is a bit like the gambling hall in an insane asylumThe run up in price was crazy, as was the crashNVIDIA will be fine

BTW, the question has not been begged, it has been raised. Begging the question means instead of answering it, you get on your knees and put your hands together like a supplicant, and beg to be told you won the argument without effort. For best effect, you must wear a monastic  robe and be a second or third son of a local lord, with money to spend.
the unsustainable greed of these these evil classist rich people is about to wreck our economy once again
...but the stock market is a bit like the gambling hall in an insane asylum
The run up in price was crazy, as was the crash
NVIDIA will be fineWall Street has become, or may have always been, the new religion. Filled with crazy stories of great futures and huge promises, and for some reason we let these fuckers steer our entire economy based on their wild speculative fictions. Sometimes it even ends up working out. But mostly, they shuffle money in the name of whatever new god they are trying to prop up today and pray to almighty greed that it all works out. The only thing these bastards are missing are the robes and the stories of risen dead peop 
...but the stock market is a bit like the gambling hall in an insane asylum
The run up in price was crazy, as was the crash
NVIDIA will be fine
Wall Street has become, or may have always been, the new religion. Filled with crazy stories of great futures and huge promises, and for some reason we let these fuckers steer our entire economy based on their wild speculative fictions. Sometimes it even ends up working out. But mostly, they shuffle money in the name of whatever new god they are trying to prop up today and pray to almighty greed that it all works out. The only thing these bastards are missing are the robes and the stories of risen dead peop 
Did he orchestrate this dip or did he do what hundreds or thousands of analysts couldn't do. Things that make you go hmmmm.
It's very common to short a stock and then say why you shorted it to encourage others to do the same.
It is legal as long as you disclose your stake.
Some companies do this as their primary business, such as Muddy Waters Research [wikipedia.org].
You want a lot of short selling to push the price down, and then you cash in.
 them being the only ones who can reliably supply the chips needed for what is the biggest leap in human industry since the .com boom. That's always a high risk position to be in because there's quite a bit of money to be made knocking somebody off that perch.


It's high risk for an investor just getting in now.  But for the company itself, and longtime shareholders, it only risks falling from hyper-profitable to extremely profitable.  Even after the current mini-crash, the share price could drop a further 
The 600 billion dollar collapse was caused by the possibility that you could do AI computing an LLMs and machine learning without nvidia's chips.Yes, and the fact that your post wasn't modded up showed us how deep people have buried their collective head in the sand.
The 600 billion dollar collapse was caused by the possibility that you could do AI computing an LLMs and machine learning without nvidia's chips.
Yes, and the fact that your post wasn't modded up showed us how deep people have buried their collective head in the sand.
It seems like the usual Wall Street consensus on NVIDIA got completely blindsided by... a blogger in Brooklyn and a Chinese AI company. Jeffrey Emanuel, working from his apartment, wrote a blog post questioning NVIDIA's valuation, and it *might* have actually contributed to a $600 billion drop in their market cap!
You have to admire the sheer audacity of it. Here's this guy, who used to be on Wall Street but now runs a side project transcribing YouTube videos, and he manages to see something that apparently 
Indeed.  A stock can be obviously overvalued to anybody taking a disinterested view of the metrics.  By the same token, a stock can *remain* overvalued by those metrics for many years.
If one is looking to make money trading stock, ideally one wants to sell once most of the value has been realized - stock staying at the same price isn't making money outside of dividends, well before the stock price drops.So one ideally wants to trade out of a stock before a flat period hits, much less a drop.  One wants to p 
I'd bet we aren't yet at peak stupidity.
I'd bet we aren't yet at peak stupidity.No, but I can see the top of the mountain from here. It looks like rot and smells vaguely of sulfur.
I'd bet we aren't yet at peak stupidity.
No, but I can see the top of the mountain from here. It looks like rot and smells vaguely of sulfur.
Look, I am not saying anything about the price of NVDIA.  Perhaps it is overpriced and due a fall.  Or perhaps now is a great buying opportunity.  I do not know.
But will someone out there please explain to me why they think that better software will somehow reduce the demand for hardware? That is not how it works, according to about 80 years or so of business.
Better software may be able to function on poor hardware, but it works even better on good hardware.  And in business 'even better' = the edge you need to beat your competitors.   Nobody is going to say, meh, this is good enough using the crappy computer chips.
But will someone out there please explain to me why they think that better software will somehow reduce the demand for hardware? That is not how it works, according to about 80 years or so of business.

In most cases, consumer software expands, via new features, to utilize all of the available hardware on customers' devices.  With AI, the software runs on servers and I'm not sure there are a lot of features that can be added to something whose primary purpose is calculating and traversing statistical weights 
But will someone out there please explain to me why they think that better software will somehow reduce the demand for hardware? That is not how it works, according to about 80 years or so of business.Better software may be able to function on poor hardware, but it works even better on good hardware.More like 160 years: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/... [wikipedia.org]
But will someone out there please explain to me why they think that better software will somehow reduce the demand for hardware? That is not how it works, according to about 80 years or so of business.
Better software may be able to function on poor hardware, but it works even better on good hardware.
More like 160 years: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/... [wikipedia.org]
There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead.
Slashdot Asks:  Do You Remember Your High School's 'Computer Room'?
US Blocks Open Source 'Help' From These Countries
""Ada is PL/I trying to be Smalltalk.
-- Codoso diBlini"
43,2025-02-02,"
        Rigetti Computing (NASDAQ: RGTI), a developer of quantum computing systems, went public by merging with a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) on March 2, 2022. Its stock opened at $9.75 on the first day, but it sank to an all-time low of just $0.38 on May 3, 2023. Rigetti's stock…
    "
44,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published a list of 12 Best Defensive Stocks To Buy Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other best defensive stocks to buy right now.
A notable event influencing current market sentiment is the recent selloff in technology stocks, primarily driven by speculations surrounding China’s DeepSeek AI model. This incident has underscored the market’s fragility, with key indicators pointing to potential instability. For instance, heavy betting on US tech stocks and rising bond yields have made equities less appealing compared to government debts, challenging the equity risk premium. In this context, the importance of defensive stocks becomes increasingly evident. Defensive stocks, also known as non-cyclical stocks, are those that provide consistent dividends and stable earnings regardless of the state of the overall market. They are typically found in sectors such as utilities, consumer staples, and healthcare.
Read more about these developments by accessing 10 Best AI Data Center Stocks and 10 Buzzing AI Stocks According to Goldman Sachs.
For example, companies that produce or distribute essential goods like food, beverages, and hygiene products tend to maintain steady cash flow and predictable earnings during both strong and weak economies. Dividends play a crucial role in investment strategies, offering both immediate income and long-term financial benefits. They represent a portion of a company’s earnings distributed to shareholders, typically on a quarterly basis. Historically, dividends have been a substantial component of total returns in the stock market. According to S&P Dow Jones Indices, since 1936, dividends have accounted for more than one-third of the total equity return of the S&P 500, with capital appreciation making up the other two-thirds.
Read more about these developments by accessing 30 Most Important AI Stocks According to BlackRock and Beyond the Tech Giants: 35 Non-Tech AI Opportunities.
For this article, we selected stocks that have solid businesses with recurring revenue streams, reliable dividend payouts, and burgeoning growth pipelines. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A development team working together to create the next version of Windows.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 279
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is a Washington-based technology company. In the fiscal year ending June 2024, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) reported revenues of $211.9 billion, a 10% increase from the previous year. The company achieved a net income of $72.7 billion during the time, reflecting a 9% year-over-year growth. Microsoft pays an annual dividend of $3.32 per share, yielding approximately 0.77%. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) has increased its dividend for 20 consecutive years, with an average annual growth rate of 10.22% over the past three years. Among pure-play technology companies, it is only among a handful of tech stocks to achieve this kind of stability and growth over the past three or four decades.
Overall, MSFT ranks 1st on our list of best defensive stocks to buy right now. While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for a stock that is more promising than MSFT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey
Sign in to access your portfolio"
45,2025-02-02,"“There might not be a better deal.”
READ MORE..."
46,2025-02-02,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank JK1982
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank ajtaurus2011
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank lament
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank StepIntoAM
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. "
47,2025-02-02,"Amazon is discounting the 40mm GPS Apple Watch SE to $169.00 today, down from $249.00. This is the best price we've tracked so far in 2025, and it's available in Starlight, Silver, and Midnight Aluminum color options.
Note: MacRumors is an affiliate partner with Amazon. When you click a link and make a purchase, we may receive a small payment, which helps us keep the site running.
Amazon has nearly every 40mm GPS Apple Watch SE at this price, including multiple sizes of the Sport Band model and many Sport Loop models. Most are in stock and available to be delivered by early February.


$80 OFF
Apple Watch SE (40mm GPS) for $169.00

Additionally, you can get the 44mm GPS Apple Watch SE at an all-time low price of $199.00 today on Amazon, down from $279.00. This one is also available in Midnight, Silver, and Starlight Aluminum colors, and multiple band sizes.


$80 OFF
Apple Watch SE (44mm GPS) for $199.00

If you're shopping for Apple Watch Series 10 models, you can also still find record low prices on both 42mm and 46mm GPS models on Amazon right now. Keep up with all of this week's best discounts on Apple products and related accessories in our dedicated Apple Deals roundup.
Interested in hearing more about the best deals you can find in 2025? Sign up for our Deals Newsletter and we'll keep you updated so you don't miss the biggest deals of the season!


Get weekly top MacRumors stories in your inbox.
New visual intelligence features for iPhone 16 models, tweaks for notification summaries, and more.
Apple Intelligence is what Apple is calling its artificial intelligence feature set, previewed at WWDC in June 2024. Here's everything we know.
Image Playground is Apple's dedicated image creation app that can build cartoon-like pictures based on text descriptions.

If you're experiencing issues with iPhone Mirroring, follow these steps to get it working again.
M4 chip update expected, but no design changes.
Chip update and other spec bumps for Apple's entry-level iPad.
The end of the iPhone Home button as Apple shifts its final model to an all-display front with a notch and Face ID.
Apple appears to be skipping the M3 generation and waiting to launch an M4 Mac Studio in mid-2025.
19 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
20 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
20 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
2 days ago by Joe Rossignol
2 days ago by Tim Hardwick
 
MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and other Apple platforms."
48,2025-02-02,"
Search the news, stories & people
Personalise the news and
stay in the know
Emergency
Backstory
Newsletters
中文新闻
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
Topic:Property Prices
A rate cut could come as early as next month, creating a more positive housing outlook. (ABC News: John Gunn)
House and unit prices grew in regional Australia in January and fell across the combined capital cities. 
Adelaide recorded the largest jump in value, followed by Darwin, while prices fell the most in Melbourne and Canberra. 
Analysts say falling interest rates could be the catalyst for home prices in some areas to start rising again.
Property prices remained broadly steady across the country in January, according to new data from CoreLogic, largely due to a fall in values in some capital cities.
The value of dwellings in regional areas grew 0.4 per cent last month, but fell 0.2 per cent across the combined capital cities.
Melbourne saw the biggest drop in value (-0.6 per cent), followed by Canberra (-0.5 per cent) and Sydney (-0.4 per cent).
Adelaide recorded the largest jump in values (+0.7 per cent), followed by Darwin (+0.6 per cent), Perth (+0.4 per cent), then Brisbane (+0.3 per cent).
Hobart prices were flat.
""Underneath that headline figure, we're seeing a continued slowdown in the capital city markets, while there's been a lot of regional resilience and values reaching record highs in the combined regional market,"" CoreLogic head of research Eliza Owen said.
The median price of a unit in Sydney remains high at almost $858,000. (ABC News: John Gunn)
Annually, property price growth has more than halved to 4.3 per cent for the year to February.
Melbourne values dropped the most, by 3.3 per cent in the past 12 months, followed by Canberra (-0.5 per cent) and Hobart (-0.4 per cent).
Sydney gained 1.7 per cent, but that was its lowest annual growth rate since June 2023.
The chances of a Reserve Bank interest rate cut in February have improved significantly as price rises ease. So what's behind the inflation pull-back?
Rents grew slightly in January, up 0.4 per cent across the country, with all capital cities recording a bump in prices.
But the regions saw the biggest growth, up 1.6 per cent in the three months to February compared with a 0.3 per cent rise across the capitals.
Gross rental yields remained steady at 3.5 per cent across the capital cities and 4.4 per cent in the regions.
Ms Owen said the data indicated some cities were looking better for first home buyers.
""We're still seeing values rise in Brisbane, Perth and Adelaide but there's a clear trend in slowing the pace of growth and overall a gradual transition to a buyers' market, with fewer sales and stock levels starting 2025 higher than where they were at the beginning of last year,"" she said.
Listings in capital city listings have grown 7.7 per cent over the past 12 months.
She said values had dropped in Melbourne and were currently about 6.5 per cent below their peak.
The median value of a dwelling in Australia is now $814,293. (ABC News: John Gunn)
""This is firmly a buyers' market. That's also reflected in ABS lending data which shows the biggest share of first home buyer finance is going to property purchases in Victoria,"" Ms Owen said.
""Hobart is also a very strong buyers' market, with values about 12 per cent below the high in early 2022.
""But markets like Adelaide, Brisbane and Perth are much more challenging and are at record highs.""
Ray White chief economist Nerida Conisbee said across the country the housing market had ""slowed down quite dramatically"".
Nerida Conisbee says high interest rates and cost of living pressures were keeping house prices subdued.  (ABC News: John Gunn)
""There's a lot of stock out there. Interest rates are high, but this year we are looking at seeing maybe three or four rate cuts, so home loans will also get cheaper to pay off,"" she said.
Ms Conisbee also said stricter rental controls and new taxes in Victoria had created opportunities for first home buyers.
""In a place like Melbourne at the moment there's lots available at that sub-$750,000 price point in more desirable suburbs,"" she observed.
""Obviously, a house would be out of reach but apartments are generally available in many suburbs that people really like to live in.
""We are in a little bit of a stable position until those rate cuts come through.""
Work-from-home arrangements are continuing to boost regional home values. (ABC News: John Gunn)
Ms Owen said a forecast rate cut in February could stave off a further decline in value.
""A reduction in the cash rate would massively boost consumer confidence. It would increase borrowing capacity, which would put upward pressure on values,"" she argued.
""The expectation is that any reduction in the cash rate is going to be more helpful than otherwise to boost sale numbers and boost home values.""
Listen to the news in Warlpiri, Yolngu Matha and Kriol
Topic:Women's Health
Topic:State and Territory Elections
Topic:Cricket
Topic:Unrest, Conflict and War
Topic:World Politics
Topic:Rental Housing
ACT
Banking
Cost of Living
Housing Policy
Interest Rates
Mortgages
NSW
NT
Property Prices
QLD
SA
TAS
VIC
WA
Topic:Women's Health
Topic:State and Territory Elections
Topic:Cricket
Topic:Unrest, Conflict and War
Topic:World Politics
Topic:World Politics
Topic:State and Territory Elections
Topic:Women's Health
Topic:Unrest, Conflict and War
We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.
This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.
AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)"
49,2025-02-02,"
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Overall, the NZXT Function Elite MiniTKL keyboard was a delight to use and will become my daily driver going forward. Placebo or not, I had one of the most ""locked-in "" gaming experiences on this beast and only missed out on a few features using this TKL format.
Hall effect switches that are game changing, literally.
Top-end gaming options like rapid trigger and snap tap.
Fantastic RGB options.
One of the best typing experiences for a gaming keyboard.
Will pack a punch to your wallet.
Doesn't quite hit the range of actuation some other keyboards possess.
Some RGB colors are not quite right.
Why you can trust Windows Central 


Our expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. Find out more about how we test.
I love a good keyboard. One of my favorite things to do at any store with keyboards, whether Best Buy or Microcenter, is to walk over and start typing on the latest boards.
• Pricing & specs• Design and build quality• Typing experience• Gaming experience• RGB• Competition• Final thoughts
I'm always looking for the next thing, feel, or experience at my fingertips. It sounds silly, but spending 12+ hours a day on a keyboard pushes you to care a little more than most people.That's why I jumped at the opportunity to review the NZXT Function Elite MiniTKL Keyboard. A keyboard with magnetic switches? Heck yeah!
So, let's get right to it and unpack why this is an excellent option for anyone looking for a premium experience.
I've been gaming and playing on PCs for 25 years. Since the turn of the millennium, I've seen and played on just about every type of keyboard. I was a former pro competitor during the 360 era, and I tested everything using my own setup and favorite games.
This review was made possible thanks to a review sample provided by NZXT. NZXT had no input nor saw the contents of this review prior to publication.

• Price: $199 at Best Buy• Switches: NZXT Magnetic Switches with 905 Gauss rating.• Specs: 0.6-4.0mm actuation, g actuation force, 150 million keystroke lifespan, textured double-shot PBT keys, pre-lubed stabilizers, 8,000Hz polling rate.• Connectivity: Wired via detachable USB Type-C• Dimensions: 132.8mm x 348.32mm x 37.8mm (5.23in x 13.72in x 1.49in)• Weight: 1091g (2.4lb)• Other features: Adjustable actuation, Rapid Trigger Mode, Sync mode, snap tap, five onboard memory profiles, on-the-fly adjustment & macro recording, per-key NZXT RGB lighting,
First, let's look at the price of the NZXT Function Elite MiniTKL. Packed into the smallest of packages, the Elite MiniTKL price comes in at $199.99. While it's not entirely on the cheap side, for the price, you're getting a wide array of 'awesome sauce.' From top-tier RGB lighting to incredibly accurate performance modifications, the Function Elite MiniTKL price point is rightly placed to dominate the market.
To compare fairly against competitors, it's a TKL keyboard in a mini form factor, so we'll keep it close to competitors' formats where it makes sense when comparing the price to the rest of the market. Take Razer's Huntsman V3 Pro TKL keyboard, priced at $219.99. NZXT is looking to take on a market leader, with its price point coming just below that.
The Function Elite MiniTKL, available in white or black, features the hottest switch type on the market: Hall Effect. It feels buttery smooth and is precise on every keystroke.
With killer software customizations and hardware capabilities that either touch or exceed the competition, NZXT is poised to tackle the high-end gaming keyboard market with a real winner priced at just under $200.
NZXT Function Elite MiniTKL — White | BlackBuy now White: $199 at Best BuyBuy now Black: $199 at Best Buy
Overall, the NZXT Function Elite MiniTKL keyboard was a delight to use and will become my daily driver going forward. Placebo or not, I had one of the most ""locked-in "" gaming experiences on this beast and only missed out on a few features using this TKL format.
👉See at: Best Buy

You expect something premium for a $200 keyboard, and NZXT doesn't disappoint. Much like its PC cases, when it comes to the Function Elite MiniTKL, the finish is top-of-the-line. A cold brushed aluminum metal encases the outside, leaving a premium look, feel, and security should anything from the outside bump into it. I'm one to sometimes pull the mouse a little too far to the inside on occasion when mid-1v1 in an FPS title. Bang!
The weight alone of this sucker is something else as well. Even though it comes in a compact mini format, the total weight measured hits a whopping 1.09 kg. For comparison, my Logitech G815 measures in at around 1.03 kg, which comes with a numeric keypad and macros buttons on the side. While small, the added heft keeps the board in place during the most hectic gaming moments, and I reckon it would even hold it in place on a rocking boat.
The sides of the keyboard feature a textured grip for added comfort when moving or changing the board's position. As with any keyboard today, it can be placed flat or at an angle using the attached feet. The added grip is a simple pleasure when changing that angle out.
In the box, users can expect four things. Alongside the keyboard, you'll find the standard USB-C to USB-A connector cable that's two meters in length, as well as a 2-in-1 switch and keycap puller tool if you're interested in swapping out or cleaning any keys. You'll also find three additional replacement switches if dire circumstances befall your precious keyboard.
Let's talk about these keys, though. Featuring Double-shot PBT keycaps, dual-rail switch design, pre-lubed switches, and sound-dampening foam, you'll feel like you're typing into a cloud of pure softness. Seriously, the hall effect switches alongside the other features, which lends itself to one of the more pleasant typing experiences I've had.
Speaking of typing experience!

Coming from my long lineage of Corsair, Ducky, and Logitech keyboards, NZXT had some fierce competition to type against; they flourished. Right off the bad, I fell in love with the dual-rail switch structure combined with the sound-dampening foam. It's one of the cleanest, most aesthetically pleasing keyboards my fingers have ever graced. I'm not one for the super egregious, over-clicky boards that sound the horn of Gondor.
Every keystroke felt like some sort of fidget device that calmed my soul. I know this all sounds like gushing, overly colorful language with no real substance, but I need to emphasize the delight and dreaminess of the keyboard strokes in full. It really was a delight to use, and I didn't go back to my normal Logitech G815 to write this review. I stuck out the entire process with the NZXT Function Elite MiniTKL well after my initial testing phase had passed because it was a pleasure to use.
As I've mentioned before, the Hall effect switches, alongside the other build quality enhancements, are largely responsible for this feel. The best way I can describe it is this: With optical switches, it feels like a knife cutting through the air—direct, precise, but not flattering. The Function Elite MiniTKL feels like slicing through butter. While not entirely non-existent, it's the one action that I can imagine that feels like nothing while still feeling like something. You really need to try it for yourself.

There are some negative aspects of typing that I could potentially do without, starting with the space bar. As you can expect, I either jump or hit space quite often when using this keyboard, and there's a slight 'ping' sound. It's not super loud, but it's noticeable enough that it's very different from the typical keystroke sound associated with this keyboard. At first, I thought I could deal with it, but I plan to dampen the sound for longer-term use.
The lack of a numeric pad also means that the keyboard won't be the best for typing. A keypad is plain faster for specific things and can be helpful in games like Arma. Then again, you're reading a TKL review! But I needed to mention it as part of the overall typing experience.

The customization options powering the board bring this keyboard into the future and should find its way into the hands of pro or pro-inspired gamers. The nutty actuation settings that rival the Razer V3 Huntsman boards come into full play, with per-key settings ranging from a minuscule 0.6mm to a full 4.0mm. That's 40 actuation points per key! There's even more than meets the eye when it comes to this NZXT keyboard, and it's all due to my favorite switch in gaming: the hall effect switch.
Both optical and hall effect switches have their advantages, especially when it comes to taking on noobs. Optical is technically faster technology, as it uses light rather than magnetism to measure the actuation point of the keystroke—speed of light and all. In practice, measuring the full range of latency gives a slightly different outcome. Hall effect switches also offer unparalleled actuation measurement and debouncing over traditional optical switches.
Optical analog switches, not to be confused with traditional optical switches, can measure actuation and eliminate debounce. However, any conventional Hall effect switch will always eliminate this as a result of the technology powering it. Hall effect switches also offer one more potential benefit: accuracy.
While optical analog switches can measure actuation, their measured difference can vary a full 0.5mm between keystrokes. Meanwhile, measured instances of hall effect switches keep that actuation range at a stunning 0.1mm. While we don't perform tests here, you can find the difference in latency between something like the Wooting 60HE at 1.8ms and the Razer Huntsman V3 Pro at 3.4ms. Hall effect vs optical analog switches, where the winner is the hall effect.

The NZXT board's magnetic switches are also faster and more accurate than your standard hall effect switch, or at least that's what NZXT argues. Powered by 905 Gauss magnets, NZXT claims competitors will generally offer 700 Gauss strength instead. What is Guass? It's a measurement of magnetic strength. So, 905 Gauss would be roughly 30% stronger compared to 700 Gauss strength.
To match the precise measurements of the switches, NZXT has thrown the kitchen sink of gaming options into their CAM software to improve your gaming performance even further. With Rapid Trigger, the release of a key at any distance followed by a downward movement will reactuate the key. With this technology backed by Hall effect switches and 40 points of actuation, even the smallest of movements will enable faster, more precise, repetitive movements.
On top of that, the Function Elite MiniTKL also comes packed with 2-in-1 actions, where users can enable two different acts per key press. Think of an activity as fundamental as movement, pressing W all the way down to run but only halfway to walk. Look out, racing games; we finally have an analog gas pedal on our keyboards!
The package all comes together with a polling rate that matches the fastest-responding keyboards on the market. At a staggering 8k, forget about your PC missing any key press and forget about any delay. Mixed with a sync function that aligns your computer's input polling rate with the keyboard's outgoing polling rate, you'll never miss another keystroke again. It's honestly astounding just how fast and accurate these devices have become.

Next, let's talk about the excellent RGB this board produces. For the most part, it's superb. The colors are vibrant and bright. They're either on par or more colorful than other keyboards I've used.
The customization is also excellent. Per-key colors are part of the selection process, and individual keys can house separate animation styles. While it can lead to a hectic piece of art, the ability to do whatever you want with every key is a significant plus. After all, how will you see what you're doing if your WASD keys aren't color shifting from a green to pink gradient while the number keys are rainbow swapping and the space bar is pulsing red? Exactly.
There are certain instances of RGB where colors don't seem to be what they should be. For example, when selecting the standard darker green, it presents itself as almost turquoise. It's not significant, but when I spend $200 on a keyboard, I want all my colors to be as close to their intended representation.
I noticed a few other issues with the perimeter RGB lighting. For example, they're not entirely identical when selecting the same hexadecimal color of purple for both the keys and perimeter. Upon closer inspection, this is due to the light of the perimeter being shown directly to the keyboard user while the per-key instance of RGB comes from underneath each key. Rather than direct lighting, it's the reflection of the light itself users see. It's a very minor inconvenience, but an inconvenience nonetheless.

Other keyboards on the marketplace in this price range and format are numerous and name-brand when you think about PC peripherals. When it comes to NZXT, I think of prebuilt PCs or computer cases, not a keyboard. This keyboard deserves to change that perception.
Others in the market are the aforementioned Razer Huntsman V3 Pro, which features the TKL format with additional dials in a larger package and optical analog switches. Then there's the SteelSeries - Apex Pro TKL V2, which is a newer member of their premium Apex lineup. It, too, comes with hall effect switches but a slightly larger format matching that of the Huntsman.
Then there's the Keychron K2 HE, which, for $140, also has hall effect switches and can be used wirelessly. However, you sacrifice that 8,000Hz polling rate for 1,000Hz instead, which isn't ideal for everyone. After using anything about 1,000, I know it's a deal breaker for me. Its RGB is also less than good.
The competition surrounding this board is fierce but lacking when it comes to the total package. If you want a high-end Hall effect gaming keyboard that comes in a sturdy package, blistering speeds, and endless customization options, then the NZXT Function Elite MiniTKL is the clear winner in my book. When it comes to accuracy and feel, this is one of the best I've used.
All in all, this is one of the best gaming keyboards I've used. Alongside some minor and overcomable annoyances, I can easily say this will become my daily driver going forward. In the areas it lacks, I always have my other boards to fall back on if my numeric pad is an absolute necessity. At most, it's more demanding to hit my 4-digit PIN when I log into my PC.
The Function Elite is my dream keyboard, and if they launch a ten-key variety, I'll look into the full version down the road to fulfill my desires. Between the literal buttery smoothness of the keystrokes, the wide array of customization options, and the accuracy to boot, I'm more than pleased. It's a bonafide winner.
✅You want a high-end board for gaming
You're a gamer looking for the next high-end board that features the highest available polling rates, great RGB, and the accuracy of hall effect switches. This is the ideal keyboard for gamers looking to save a couple extra dollars over the Razer Huntsman lineup.
✅A keyboard that feels as good as it looks
The chassis for the Function Elite is premium quality and looks fantastic under any lighting conditions. Pair it with your favorite RGB colors to really make the board pop.
❌You want a wireless keyboard
This board is not wireless and is only usable with a wired connection. Gamers looking to go cordless will need to look elsewhere.
❌You're looking to save money
While they may be missing some features, there are other keyboards that cost less and can at least come close to performing as well as the Function Elite. Don't break the bank if it's not what you're looking for.
Overall, the NZXT Function Elite MiniTKL keyboard was a delight to use and will become my daily driver going forward. Placebo or not, I had one of the most ""locked-in "" gaming experiences on this beast and only missed out on a few features using this TKL format.


This is one of the best keyboards I've used. With customizable actuation, rapid trigger, a synced 8k polling rate, and hall effect switches, it is a must-have for any competitive PC gamer.
Michael has been gaming since he was five when his mother first bought a Super Nintendo from Blockbuster. Having written for a now-defunct website in the past, he's joined Windows Central as a contributor to spreading his 30+ years of love for gaming with everyone he can. His favorites include Red Dead Redemption, all the way to the controversial Dark Souls 2. 

Windowscentral is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
50,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
With its stock down 1.6% over the past three months, it is easy to disregard Mountview Estates (LON:MTVW). We decided to study the company's financials to determine if the downtrend will continue as the long-term performance of a company usually dictates market outcomes. In this article, we decided to focus on Mountview Estates'  ROE.
ROE or return on equity is a useful tool to assess how effectively a company can generate returns on the investment it received from its shareholders. Put another way, it reveals the company's success at turning shareholder investments into profits.
 Check out our latest analysis for Mountview Estates 
The formula for return on equity is:
Return on Equity = Net Profit (from continuing operations) ÷ Shareholders' Equity
So, based on the above formula, the ROE for Mountview Estates is:
6.7% = UK£27m ÷ UK£402m (Based on the trailing twelve months to September 2024).
The 'return' is the amount earned after tax over the last twelve months. So, this means that for every £1 of its shareholder's investments, the company generates a profit of £0.07.
So far, we've learned that ROE is a measure of a company's profitability. Based on how much of its profits the company chooses to reinvest or ""retain"", we are then able to evaluate a company's future ability to generate profits. Assuming all else is equal, companies that have both a higher return on equity and higher profit retention are usually the ones that have a higher growth rate when compared to companies that don't have the same features.
On the face of it, Mountview Estates' ROE is not much to talk about. Yet, a closer study shows that the company's ROE is similar to the industry average of 5.6%. However, Mountview Estates has seen a flattish net income growth over the past five years, which is not saying much. Bear in mind, the company's ROE is not very high. So that could also be one of the reasons behind the company's flat growth in earnings.
Next, on comparing with the industry net income growth, we found that Mountview Estates' reported growth was a little less than the industry growth of0.7% over the last few years.
The basis for attaching value to a company is, to a great extent, tied to its earnings growth. It’s important for an investor to know whether the market has priced in the company's expected earnings growth (or decline). By doing so, they will have an idea if the stock is headed into clear blue waters or if swampy waters await. One good indicator of expected earnings growth is the P/E ratio which determines the price the market is willing to pay for a stock based on its earnings prospects. So, you may want to check if Mountview Estates is trading on a high P/E or a low P/E, relative to its industry.
The high three-year median payout ratio of 72% (meaning, the company retains only 28% of profits) for Mountview Estates suggests that the company's earnings growth was miniscule as a result of paying out a majority of its earnings.
In addition, Mountview Estates has been paying dividends over a period of at least ten years suggesting that keeping up dividend payments is way more important to the management even if it comes at the cost of business growth.
In total, we would have a hard think before deciding on any investment action concerning Mountview Estates. The company has seen a lack of earnings growth as a result of retaining very little profits and whatever little it does retain, is being reinvested at a very low rate of return. Up till now, we've only made a short study of the company's growth data. To gain further insights into Mountview Estates' past profit growth, check out this visualization of past earnings, revenue and cash flows.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
51,2025-02-02,"Login

Michail 
02 February 2025


Redmi Smart wearables Review Featured Xiaomi

If you’re in the market for a new pair of wireless earbuds and your budget is under €100, then the Redmi Buds 6 Pro are a worthy pick. At €70, these offer triple drivers, hi-res streaming with LDAC support and active noise cancellation (ANC) rated at 55dB. You’re also getting spatial audio support, dual device pairing, and Xiaomi claims you can expect up to 36 hours of battery life from the buds and their case.
Our review unit comes in Glacier White, which gets a glossy finish. Xiaomi is also offering the Buds 6 Pro in Space Black and Lavender Purple, with a more interesting satin finish that’s less prone to smudges.
There’s nothing standout about the Buds 6 Pro's design at first glance. They are entirely made from plastic with relatively short stems and gold Redmi branding. These buds are of the in-ear variety with the old reliable silicone tips. The retail package includes sizes S, M and L as well as a USB-C charging cable.
Xiaomi has nailed the in-ear fit on the Buds 6 Pro. The nicely contoured lines around the speaker assembly fit this reviewer’s ears perfectly without causing any discomfort, even after several hours of use. The silicone tips are soft and easy on the ears without causing any ear fatigue, and they helped the Buds 6 Pro stay locked inside my ears even at the gym, which is not usually the case for most earbuds I’ve tested.
Each earbud features three microphones to help with noise cancellation and voice pickup. The buds are also IP54-rated against dust and water.
The oval shape of the charging case makes it easy to slide in and out of pockets and it’s compact enough to fit inside the coin pocket on your jeans. The case lid closes with a firm snap, which is a well-established mark of premium build quality.
There’s an LED strip on the front of the case that flashes when you put them in pairing mode, and it also doubles as a battery indicator, which is a neat way to keep track of when you need to recharge.
Factoring in their price range, the Buds 6 Pro offer an impressive set of features that rival flagship earbuds that are several times more expensive. Each earbud gets an 11mm dynamic driver with a titanium diaphragm and two 6.7mm Piezoelectric ceramic tweeters. Xiaomi claims this setup should translate into a noticeable gain in treble details and an overall richer depth of sound.


Redmi Buds 6 Pro feature custom coaxial triple drivers
The Buds 6 Pro pair over Bluetooth 5.3 with support for the Bluetooth LE,  HF, A2DP and AVRCP protocols and the LDAC codec for high-bitrate streaming. You also get improved adaptive noise cancellation, which claims to drown out up to 55dB of noise around you.
Xiaomi’s new ANC algorithm boasts an improved sampling frequency rate which scans surrounding noises 16,000 times a second to ensure optimal noise cancellation. The buds can also adapt the ANC to your specific ear canal shape and adjust noise cancellation accordingly.
In addition, the Buds 6 Pro feature wear-detection sensors, dual device pairing and head tracking. The latter worked flawlessly across iOS, Android, Windows and Mac. Xiaomi also added Google Fast Pair and the ability to link your Google account so all your Android devices will work seamlessly without pairing the buds individually.
Xiaomi’s Earbuds app is your one-stop shop for navigating the Buds 6 Pro’s extensive feature set. The app is available on both iOS and Android and worked flawlessly during our review. Xiaomi phones won’t need the app as all of the features will appear in your phone’s Bluetooth settings tab.






Redmi Buds 6 Pro features inside the Xiaomi Earbuds app  
Once paired and signed in to the Earbuds app, you can toggle between the ANC and transparency modes, remap the touch-sensitive controls and toggle between the four built-in equalizer profiles. You can also fine-tune the sound output using the ten-point custom EQ mixer.
Redmi Buds 6 Pro sound great out of the box without any tweaks to the equalizer. There’s an ample amount of bass, but it does not overpower the mid and high frequencies. The vocals come in clear and there’s a sense of balance with the lows and highs. Most affordable earbuds have a V-shaped EQ sound profile, which prioritizes bass, but that’s thankfully not the case here. The default sound stage on the Buds 6 Pro feels lively, instrument separation is great, and you’d be hard-pressed to find better-sounding wireless earbuds at this price point.
Xiaomi’s Earbuds app offers four built-in equalizer (EQ) options, including Standard, Enhance bass, Enhance treble, and Enhance voice. You also get a full 10-band custom EQ setting, which allows you to fine-tune sound output to your preference.
We have to admit that the buds sound better with ANC off, which seems to be a common theme for most wireless earbuds. The ANC system is good for drowning out low-frequency sounds like ACs and fans, and fares okay at isolating the unpleasant sounds associated with public transport commuting.
We can say the Buds 6 Pro’s ANC capabilities are on par with rivals in the midrange segment but fall short of flagship offerings like the Sony WF-1000XM5 and Pixel Buds Pro 2, which offer class-leading noise cancellation. Stronger winds are a particularly tough opponent for most earbuds, and the Redmi Buds 6 Pro took several seconds to adjust.
Transparency mode features a three-stage control with regular mode, Enhance voice and Enhance ambient sound. The latter was the best one out of the three, bringing in the right amount of outside noise and having the ability to isolate voices much better while also sounding the best when playing music.
The touch controls work well as you have a pretty large area along the stems to work with. You have your standard single, double, triple and hold gestures as well as swipes, which are exclusively used for volume control.
Buds 6 Pro’s dimensional audio with head tracking is a nice addition that’s rarely seen in this price range. The feature is supported on iOS and Android devices, and it also worked well enough on a 14-inch MacBook Pro. It managed to simulate a spatial audio effect for some added immersion when watching videos.
Bluetooth connectivity on the Buds 6 Pro was superb during our review period, with no drops even when connected to two devices at a time. Call quality was great in quieter environments and managed to isolate my voice during calls in noisier environments, though it was accompanied by a hissing sound.
As per Redmi’s claims, the Buds 6 Pro should last you for 36 hours of combined usage between the buds and their charging case. In our testing, we got 8 hours and 20 minutes from the buds with ANC turned off and four full recharges from the case for a total of just over 33 hours.
Switching ANC and head tracking on was taxing on the battery life, and we achieved 6 hours of use from the buds. Charging is done via the USB-C port on the bottom of the case. A quick 5-minute charge will be good for up to 2 hours of playback. The LED indicator on the case also shows a charging animation during the process, which is a nice touch.
You’d be hard-pressed to find a better pair of earbuds under €100 than the Redmi Buds 6 Pro. From their balanced audio profile and neat features like dual-device pairing, LDAC support and head tracking Buds 6 Pro are a worthy pick in the crowded TWS market.
The in-ear fit was great even during workouts and longer listening sessions, the touch controls worked flawlessly and the case is solidly made and features a useful status LED that shows your charge. Our only gripes are that sound quality with ANC enabled was a bit underwhelming, and the noise cancellation was comparable to midrange earbuds.
Circling back to the €70 asking price, Redmi Buds 6 Pro are among our top recommendations for wireless earbuds in early 2025. While cheaper options like the Redmi Buds 6 exist, we feel that Buds 6 Pro add the right amount of additional features to justify their higher asking price while still undercutting most competitors.
We may get a commission from qualifying sales.
I moved from Airpods Pro second gen which we're heavily degraded in battery and transparency destroyed, overall switching to Xiaomi Ecosystem and I am honestly surprised for 72 euros, these beat APP2 in ANC by a good margin, the battery is bette...
I moved from OnePlus buds & Redmi Buds Active 4 to these. These are my first ANC buds, very impressed. Perfect with my Redmi K80. They could have been cheaper imho, bought them for 80€. Love them!
I got 5 pro, my wife got cmf buds pro 2 by nothing. CMF eats redmi out of water by every possible way. Wife's cmfs made my redmi buds feal lik 10$ cheap knockoff. 
 
Sound better, noise cancelation better, connection better, app better, ui bet...



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS feed
Youtube
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram


© 2000-2025 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use
Change Ad Consent
Do not sell my data
"
52,2025-02-02,"
Called Copper Bottom and designed by Adrian James Architects, this two-story house is intended for studio founder Adrian James and his family. The self-build project consists of a green-patinated copper shell topped with solar panels, forming a “habitable power station.” Located in Oxford, on a sloped wildflower meadow on Harcourt Hill, the four-bedroom home showcases a cuboid form and a sculptural copper carapace that offers protection against the sun while minimizing energy demand. The home is designed with sustainability in mind.
Designer: Adrian James Architects







“The starting points were a compact form, a roof maximizing southerly aspect for solar panels, and an envelope which sheltered the windows from high sun,” said James. “These primary moves established the basics, then it was a case of sculpting this basic form to create something uplifting and resonant.”
The ground floor houses a double-height gallery space, which serves as the heart of Copper Bottom. Alongside this space is an open-plan living and kitchen space with a mezzanine level intended for use as a home office. The upper story includes four bedrooms. One bedroom has an ensuite bathroom and an additional bathroom. What truly makes the house stand apart is its charming origamii-inspired shell. It includes an angled roof plan that cantilevers, offering protection against the summer heat while allowing the low winter rays to enter.







The sides of the home hold space for creased bulges, which accommodate the east and west-facing windows. The top of the house includes two “ears” which serve as ventilation stacks that draw in the cool night air, and remove the hot air that gets collected through the day during summertime. “There are subtle hints of something zoomorphic and something mechanistic, with paired ears and a prow,” said James. “It is really about capturing a sense of dynamism in the form which puts a spring in your step.”


The Copper Bottom House includes 37 photovoltaic panels which have been placed facing the sun. They create more energy than the house requires. This excessive energy makes the Copper Bottom a zero-carbon operation home, while also offsetting the energy linked with its construction. James says they wanted the house to be a habitable power station.
As you enter the home, you are welcomed by a light and spacious space marked by white walls and minimal detailing. The space also includes a big feature wall made using textured stock brick. This wall also serves as a stairway to the mezzanine home office, which contains a wide oak desk and offers views of the garden and the surrounding landscape. The ground floor includes porcelain tiles on the floor, while the upper floor contains joinery and doors made from stained oak. Massive windows provide views of the rolling countryside and the spires of Oxford.



Travelers know the frustration: your bag is neatly packed with essentials, but then—there it is—a bulky, awkward toothbrush taking up precious space. Or worse, a…
Feeling overwhelmed with all the information flooding your way, whether they’re from meetings, clients, or news in general? Ever felt that there are now even…
My Home, from German architecture firm Containerwerk, is a line of temporary hotel living quarters constructed from recycled sea freight containers for an energy-efficient, affordable,…
I thought my office was cool until I saw the exterior of Adidas’ new corporate headquarters in Herzogenaurach, Germany. The part that really stung though,…
The Guangjing glass recycling station was designed to be an interactive product that played on the meaningful habit of recycling as well as the circular…
Designers and architects all over the world are now adopting 3D Printing for the creation of almost all types of products and structures! It’s a…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
53,2025-02-02,"
        Bitcoin fell below $98,000 on Sunday as market uncertainty grew following US President Donald Trump's decision to impose tariffs on Mexico, Canada, and China, with the European Union potentially n...
    "
54,2025-02-02,"Three years ago, German startup Roof Space turned to the Indiegogo crowdfunding community to help bring its unique hybrid rooftop tent design to life. The campaign was a rousing success, and Roof Space has gone on to become rising star in the European rooftop tent (RTT) market. Now it's officially coming to America, bringing its aluminum-shell cabana-style tent to adventure-hungry US explorers. 
While Roof Space did use a popular Silicon Valley-based crowdfunding engine to launch its original tent, the campaign was aimed primarily at backers in Germany and Europe, not North America. The company has long had its eye on the American market, though, and has now officially established its presence on the continent. It opened up Roof Space USA HQ in San Diego this past November and made a broader announcement this week. 
Over the past 10 to 15 years, rooftop tents have enjoyed quite a rise in popularity in the US, going from a curious novelty associated with exotic safaris in faraway lands to everyday equipment used for everything from basic car camping, to overlanding, to base camping for sports like climbing, surfing and mountain biking. RTTs are now carried by major retailers such as REI, Backcountry and Amazon, not to mention more overland-specific specialty shops. 
More than just another generic player in that sea of rooftop tent brands and retailers, Roof Space has set out to be an RTT innovator looking to bring something fresh to market. Its first product, the Roof Space 2 addresses the same issue as the original iKamper Skycamp and the numerous fold-out hardshells that followed but in a different way. 
The Roof Space 2 is a hybrid RTT designed to combine the small packed footprint and expandable living space of a softshell RTT with the ruggedness and ease of use of a hardshell RTT. But instead of using a hardtop that tilts out of the way for access to the fold-out floor, a la the Skycamp and others, the Roof Space 2's hardtop becomes its extended floor, folding out a full 180 degrees to double the footprint of the tent at camp. It takes about 30 seconds to fold out, and the tent erects as it folds. 
At camp, the fully pitched tent offers space for two adults, and Roof Space even reckons you could squeeze in a child or pet with those adults on the 81 x 53-in (206 x 135-cm) mattress. The tent design is more like a softshell RTT than a hardshell, a full fabric dome with 51-in (130-cm) peak atop the bi-panel floor. Since the hard lid works as the floor, it does not serve as a roof or one of the walls, the way it would on other hybrid and hardshell RTT designs.
A unique feature Roof Space offers is a ""panorama"" mode that lets owners quickly unzip the fabric around the entryway of the tent to create an open air deck, good for sitting out during the day to take in the views from a high vantage point. 
When folded back into travel form, Roof Space says its two-man tent fits comfortably on some of the smallest cars out there and over top short pickup truck beds. 
Last time we compared the Roof Space 2's initial specs with the full-size iKamper Skycamp, but now we realize it's much closer in size to the two-person Skycamp Mini 3.0, which has a comparable 83 x 51-in (211 x 130-cm) sleeping area. The Mini 3.0 folds down to 58 x 55 x 14 in (147 x 140 x 36 cm) when packed up, compared to 62 x 54 x 9 in (157 x 137 x 23 cm) for the packed Roof Space 2. So the Roof Space is considerably slimmer but also heftier at 147 lb (67 kg) compared to iKamper's 125 lb (57 kg). 
The Roof Space 2 prices in at an MSRP of US$3,499, $200 cheaper than the current base price of the Skycamp Mini 3.0. It is available from Roof Space's San Diego headquarters as well as through its dealership network of overland supply stores around the US. Roof Space also offers various annex tent and accessory options and plans to bring its four-person Roof Space 4 to the US this spring. 
Source: Roof Space "
55,2025-02-02,
56,2025-02-02,
57,2025-02-02,"If you’re looking to buy one of the best phones right now, you need to consider the latest flagship from OnePlus. Dubbed the OnePlus 13, it launched three weeks ago and after spending more than a month with it, it’s become clear that it’s my favorite Android smartphone.
Yet, there’s a clear problem with the OnePlus 13 and it’s a long-standing problem that OnePlus has never really tried to resolve. Well, that’s not entirely true but internal strife between former co-founders and the complex issue of its relationship with sibling Oppo have made it a challenge for OnePlus to solve this.
What’s the problem? That’s easy: carrier relationships. Most customers in the U.S. buy their phones from their carrier, but despite a brief foray, OnePlus has strayed away from striking carrier partnerships. For the OnePlus 13, this is to its detriment; here’s why carrier partnerships are the final boss frontier that OnePlus must solve.
Look at the history of successful smartphone brands in the U.S. and one thing is readily apparent: carrier partnerships are key. This isn’t a phenomenon that is limited to just the U.S., but carrier partnerships in the U.S. can quite literally be the difference between success and failure for a new brand.
I worked across all carriers in the UK over a decade-long career and one thing was apparent all those years ago: customers relied on carriers as the final point of sale. For many years, customers also relied on in-store salespeople but the Galaxy S3 and iPhone 5 in 2012 marked a particular turning point. For the first time, more customers had researched which product and cell plan to buy online, as part of a growing shift towards relying on search engines instead of in-store salespeople as the first port of call.
Despite this shift, carriers still have an outsize influence over which product is ultimately sold, especially as buying a phone online is still more challenging in the U.S. than it needs to be. Crucially, it also allows salespeople to skew final purchase decisions towards their vested interests, i.e. which brand offers the highest commission or represents the easiest overall sale.
In 2007, I noticed a big shift in the role that carriers play. Before the launch of the first iPhone — which was exclusive to AT&T in the U.S. and O2 in the UK — carriers had more control than phone makers over product positioning, marketing, and pricing. As a result, the price of a phone would vary dramatically between different carriers, and phone makers had little control over software branding, preloaded apps, and the overall experience.
Consumer interest in the iPhone coupled with Apple’s marketing and its willingness to strike an exclusivity deal with just one carrier all meant a big shift in the relationship between the two key parties. The iPhone prevented carriers from deploying existing tactics, and as a result, the price of an iPhone became highly standardized regardless of where you purchased it from. Even as the iPhone became widely available across multiple carriers, this phenomenon continued.
Apple’s outsize influence on this relationship ultimately boiled down to its willingness to deploy considerable amounts of marketing. The net effect was to drive consumer interest, which in turn, increased consumer demand and made it far easier for carriers to complete a sale. BlackBerry, Nokia, and Motorola had not deployed considerable marketing efforts to promote their phones, rather relying on carriers to do the marketing for them.
The advent of Android as a viable alternative to the iPhone, and the rise of LG and Samsung meant a further shift in the market. However, unlike the iPhone, the balance was still firmly skewed in favor of the carriers, which is why earlier Android phones were riddled with tons of preloaded apps; software updates rolled out on vastly different schedules and carriers mostly treated Android phones as a lower tier to the iPhone.
The only Android maker to change this and develop an Apple-like relationship was Samsung. As it built its marketing prowess — helped considerably by its activities around the Olympics — and quickly grew to become the world’s biggest smartphone manufacturer, it benefited from developing an Apple-like relationship with the carriers. Less preloaded apps, fewer customized variants of phones with slightly different features, and a more homogenized experience across carriers. The effects have been striking: Apple and Samsung made up 90% of sales in carrier stores in 2020, made easier as selling phones from these two brands is far simpler than selling anything else.
It’s against this backdrop that OnePlus has to try and solve its carrier problem. It has previously attempted to do so by partnering with T-Mobile in the U.S., as well as O2 — and then Three — in the UK. In particular, the T-Mobile relationship proved to be somewhat challenging as T-Mobile devices came with a few preloaded apps, it relied on T-Mobile for updates versus OnePlus directly and it ultimately went against OnePlus’s product strategy of a clean, simple, and tight software experience.
It’s not just software, either. Each device that a carrier stocks has to undergo significant testing which means that even though the manufacturer has established a particular standard that it deems acceptable, that device may not meet the standards that a carrier has for network performance, battery life, and overall experience.
For example, consider the OnePlus 13. It’s setting the standard for Android phones for me this year, but it’s entirely possible that T-Mobile, Verizon, or AT&T would be unwilling to certify it for use on its network. Before the switch to LTE, Verizon in particular also meant including CDMA network radios, which increased the overall cost. With 5G, gaining carrier certification for the OnePlus 13 would likely be challenging as it doesn’t support the faster mmWave 5G standard, which is only deployed in a few choice countries.
Then there are the additional resources required to successfully manage carrier partnerships. First, OnePlus would need to develop multiple builds of its software, with each carrier having specific requirements. Second, the OnePlus 13 sold in the U.S. would likely be different in hardware — thanks to mmWave radios and other necessary tweaks — from the version sold globally, and there could be further requirements per carrier in terms of limiting charging speeds or tweaking hardware to meet the carrier’s own needs, all of which would further strain the company’s resources. Lastly, and this is particularly key, OnePlus would likely have to also deploy considerable marketing efforts to ensure the relationship between it and the carriers was a symbiotic one, rather than being skewed too much in the carrier’s favor.
Ultimately, I can understand why OnePlus devices aren’t sold directly through carriers, but the OnePlus 13 and OnePlus Open are so good that it feels like now should be the time for OnePlus to forge ahead with any plans to develop strong carrier partnerships.
Despite fantastic hardware and a growing fanbase, history has proven time and again that it’s impossible to grow significantly in the US without playing the carrier game. It’s quite likely that solving the carrier certification and software portions of the challenges could be achievable, but deploying a considerable marketing budget is likely the biggest hurdle.
OnePlus — and sister company Oppo — make incredible smartphones, but neither company has the top-line budgets to be able to successfully market devices through traditional means. Apple, Samsung and even Google all run TV commercials to promote their products, but do so at considerable cost. Until OnePlus can successfully build its carrier partnerships, it’s unlikely to be able to challenge Samsung and Apple in the U.S., which is a shame as the OnePlus 13 is one of the best phones you can buy right now.
I didn’t understand the XPan mode on a OnePlus phone when I first tried it out. In fact, I didn’t like it at all, and passed it off as a silly gimmick to promote OnePlus’s partnership with Hasselblad, which at the time wasn’t quite living up to expectations.
Recently I’ve been using the OnePlus 13, and think it has one of the best cameras on any OnePlus phone yet, so I challenged myself to give XPan another try. I soon discovered I had been completely wrong about it.
Not a history lesson
I’ve been using the OnePlus 13 for about a month and it’s fast become my favorite Android smartphone right now. Alongside excellent battery life, superfast charging, and a great camera, there’s one particular OnePlus 13 feature that I want every smartphone to copy: the 50W AirVOOC Wireless Charging.
One of the key problems with wirelessly charging your phone is the excess heat that it generates. The new AIRVOOC charging puck fixes this problem with an in-built fan that keeps the phone extremely cool to the touch, even after it’s been charging for over an hour.
The OnePlus 13 is a very exciting phone. Even though we're just a few weeks into 2025, this feels like one of the most compelling candy bar-style phones to launch this year. It marks massive leaps for OnePlus' flagship lineup, especially with improved resistance against water and dust with its IP68 and IP69 ratings.
What truly makes OnePlus 13 fanciful to me is its freshly added support for the ""Mag"" line of accessories. These magnetic accessories are designed to make your time with the OnePlus 13 much more convenient and elevate its status further into the ranks of flagships. Here's how these accesories and features have made the OnePlus 13 more endearing to me.
The new OnePlus accessories
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks."
58,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 AI Stocks on Analysts' Radars. In this article, we are going to take a look at where STMicroelectronics N.V. (NYSE:STM) stands against the other AI stocks.
Despite DeepSeek and Qwen 2.5 disrupting the global tech sector, investors welcomed the impressive Q4 AI revenues from leading US tech firms like International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM). The company’s stock price reached an all-time high of $261 on January 30th as it reported GenAI's book of business surpassing $5 billion since the segment's inception.
""Three years ago, we laid out a vision for a faster-growing, more-profitable IBM. I'm proud of the work the IBM team has done to meet or exceed our commitments. With our focused strategy, enhanced portfolio, and culture of innovation, we're well-positioned for 2025 and beyond and expect revenue growth of at least five percent and free cash flow of about $13.5 billion this year,” said IBM CEO Arvind Krishna.
While the S&P 500 sharply fell from its record high of 6,118 on January 23rd to 6,012 on January 27th, the benchmark index appears to have momentum in the past few days, climbing to 6,071 on January 30th.
However, several concerns remain about the adoption of AI, in terms of security and job losses. Code.org Founder and CEO Hadi Partovi said at the World Economic Forum that the risk isn’t people losing their jobs to AI, but losing work “to somebody else who knows how to use AI. That is going to be a much greater displacement.”
""It's not that the worker gets replaced by just a robot or a machine in most cases, especially for desk jobs, it's that some better educated or more modernly educated worker can do that job because they can be twice as productive or three times as productive,"" he explained. “The imperative is to teach how AI tools work to every citizen, and especially to our young people.""
We selected AI stocks by reviewing news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. We listed the stocks in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiment taken from Insider Monkey’s database of 900 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A worker assembling the inner circuitry of a semiconductor product.
STMicroelectronics N.V. (NYSE:STM) is a semiconductor company that manufactures communication equipment, computer accessories, and microchips for use in IoT, consumer electronics, cloud connectivity, and the automotive and industrial industries. The company’s ST Edge AI suite enables AI on microcontrollers, microprocessors, and smart sensors. STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM) offers a proprietary neural processing unit called ST Neural-ART Accelerator to deliver efficiency in handling AI tasks. Meanwhile, its online STM32 edge AI tools enable developers to swiftly create and deploy ML algorithms on microcontrollers for lower costs. For instance, the Edge AI ST smart sensor embeds an ML core to facilitate context awareness in industrial equipment and IoT devices to help lower power utilization and facilitate meaningful data-sharing between microprocessors.
On January 31th, Susquehanna analyst Christopher Rolland reduced STMicroelectronics N.V.’s (NYSE:STM) price target to $28 from $33 but maintained a “Positive” stock rating. The brokerage said they posted in-line results but again delivered disappointing guidance due to long-standing softness in automotive and industrial segments.
Overall STM ranks 9th on our list of the AI stocks on analysts' radars. While we acknowledge the potential of STM as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than STM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stock To Buy Now and Complete List of All AI Companies Under $2 Billion Market Cap.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
59,2025-02-02,"As Shein and Temu grow their foothold in the US, analysts and lawmakers are paying close attention to both companies' use of a special tax rule that some say should be eliminated completely.
The provision, known as ""de minimis,"" allows importers to avoid paying duty and tax on shipments that are going to individual consumers and are worth less than $800 in total.
Shippers using de minimis also do not have to provide as much information to US Customs and Border Protection as shippers using more traditional methods would. Opponents of the rule argue it creates unfair competition, and the lack of in-depth screening could allow for the import of goods containing banned materials like cotton from Xinjiang, where forced labor is common.
De minimis has been around since 1938 when Congress introduced the rule in order to speed up the processing of items that were so cheap that they would not generate significant tax revenue for the government. The limit for eligible items has been raised many times over the years, most recently going up to $800 from $200 in 2016.
Two bills aimed at reforming de minimis were introduced in Congress last June. One, introduced by Rep. Earl Blumenauer, aims to limit companies in ""nonmarket"" economies — or countries where prices do not follow market dynamics, such as China and Russia — and countries on priority watch lists from using de minimis shipments. The other bill, from Sen. Bill Cassidy and Sen. Tammy Baldwin, would ban de minimis shipments from China.
But some experts say it's unlikely the provision will go away anytime soon.
A US trade law and policy expert interviewed by Bank of America analysts put the odds of Blumenauer's bill passing the Senate at more than 50% but said it had a roughly 30% chance of passing overall ""given issues in the House,"" according to a research note the bank published on January 5. The same expert said the bill introduced by Cassidy and Baldwin was unlikely to pass in Congress.
""While many retailers are likely in favor of these bills, groups like the US Chamber of Commerce or the Express Shippers Association may not be in favor of them since they generally are looking for fewer tariffs, not more,"" UBS analyst Jay Sole wrote in a research note in August. ""Also, direct carriers, direct importers, and logistics companies may not be in favor of a change since their businesses may benefit from the $800 rule.""
The provision is more likely to change — a prospect that both Shein and Temu have said they support.
Shein and Temu are not the only companies to use the de minimis provision, but they have gained the attention of advocacy groups and lawmakers in part because of how quickly they have grown in the last year.
Shein, which was founded in China in 2008 but moved its headquarters to Singapore in late 2021, filed confidentially for a US IPO in November. It's reportedly looking for a valuation of $90 billion.
Temu, meanwhile, is owned by Chinese commerce giant Pinduoduo Holdings and headquartered in Boston. It has grown extremely fast since launching in the US in September 2022, outpacing many more established e-commerce companies in terms of app downloads and engagement.
Shipping consultancy ShipMatrix estimates that Shein and Temu each ship more than a million packages to the US daily.
An interim 2023 report from the US House Select Committee on the Chinese Communist Party said that Shein and Temu ""likely"" account for more than 30% of all shipments made to the US under the de minimis provision. It added that almost 50% of all de minimis shipments to the US come from China.
Shipping directly from manufacturers to individual consumers helps Shein and Temu keep prices low. Wired reported in May that the average order on Temu was about $25, while Shein's was about $70 as of April, according to Barron's.
The Bank of America analysts wrote in their research note that if de minimis were to change or go away completely, it could be disruptive for these companies.
""Changes to the exemption could create a paradigm shift for retailers like Temu and Shein,"" Bank of America analysts wrote in the note. ""The discount prices charged by both retailers are aided by the absence of duties and the lack of trade and customs infrastructure that would be required if this regulation did not exist.""
The analysts added that they ""wouldn't expect price increases to be well-accepted by the consumer.""
Representatives for Shein and Temu pushed back on the notion that their businesses have relied on de minimis to grow and said that they support reforms to the provision if they are fair.
""Our success has come from our ability to leverage on-demand technology to bring the latest styles to customers efficiently and at an affordable price,"" a spokesperson for Shein said.
In a July letter to the American Apparel and Footwear Association, Shein's executive vice chairman, Donald Tang wrote that the company supports ""responsible reform of the de minimis exemption.""
""SHEIN believes the de minimis framework should be reformed to create a more level, transparent playing field — one where all retailers play by the same rules, and where the rules are applied evenly and equally, regardless of where a company is based or ships from,"" he wrote.
A spokesperson for Temu said its ""supply-chain efficiencies and operational proficiencies"" have been the primary drivers of its rapid growth.
""We are open to and supportive of any policy adjustments made by legislators that align with consumer interests. We believe that as long as these policies are fair, they won't influence the outcomes of competitive business dynamics,"" they said. ""We also see such reforms as potential avenues to alleviate concerns among various stakeholders, fostering greater comprehension and emphasizing the significance of each player in the market ecosystem.""
The two companies also detailed their practices for remaining compliant with import laws. The Shein spokesperson said that the company has a ""zero-tolerance policy for forced labor"" and requires its manufacturers to only source cotton from approved regions. The Temu spokesperson said it requires its sellers to sign an agreement that they will maintain compliant business practices, and that ""the use of forced, penal, or child labor is strictly prohibited.""
Other opposition to de minimis has come from US retailers and trade groups concerned about their ability to compete with companies shipping cheaply from China. Many retailers manufacture their products abroad and then ship them to the US in large quantities, meaning they can't use the de minimis provision as easily as Shein and Temu have.
""The textile industry is probably the biggest proponent against de minimis because they've got all their mills, they're making shirts, pants,"" said Steve Story, executive vice president at Apex Logistics International, which specializes in de minimis. ""I can order a shirt from China at a quarter of the price, or I can go to Macy's, Nordstrom's, or Walmart and buy it.""
He said that companies like Shein and Temu do not have to serve as the importers of record and are therefore not responsible for certifying the origin of items on their platforms.
""However, they're facilitating the sale for export to the United States, so they do have a financial interest in the merchandise,"" Story said. He serves on several committees exploring possible changes to de minimis, including a customs bond that would allow customs to make a claim in the event of a policy violation.
While many apparel retailers have spoken out against de minimis, an expert interviewed by UBS' Sole said that many retailers outside clothing are taking an ""if you can't beat 'em, join 'em"" approach and exploring ways they, too, can use de minimis to lower their costs instead of changing the rule altogether.
Satish Jindel, founder and president of ShipMatrix, said companies could lean on de minimis to lower their own prices.
""The companies who think it is not helping them should be looking at it and saying, how do I utilize that opportunity to revise and refine my business model to lower the cost of operating,"" Jindel said.
Got a tip? Contact this reporter at mstone@insider.com, mlstone@protonmail.com, or on the secure messaging app Signal at (646) 889-2143 using a non-work phone. 
Jump to"
60,2025-02-02,"A bottle of Jeptha Creed straight bourbon whiskey.
The allure of age-statement bourbon remains strong, a marker of tradition and craftsmanship that resonates with both seasoned enthusiasts and new consumers. Yet, behind the label lies a complex interplay of science, artistry, and market forces that define these premium spirits. Leading voices from famed distilleries of Knob Creek, Basil Hayden and Jeptha Creed provide a window into the meticulous processes and challenges that shape age-statement bourbon.
Producing bourbon with an age statement is not without its hurdles. “Having any age statement requires waiting for the minimum age,” says Autumn Nethery, vice president of operations at Jeptha Creed, via email. “Sometimes, a younger barrel might have the flavor you’re looking for but cannot be used because it doesn’t meet the age requirement.” This constraint underscores the balance distillers must strike between time and taste.
Nancy Fraley, master blender for Jos. A. Magnus, elaborates on the constraints of adhering to specific ages. “Older whiskey can sometimes become more challenging to work with, particularly when it reaches 15 to 20-plus years,” she says. Such barrels, she notes, often serve better as blending components rather than standout single barrels. This flexibility is crucial in maintaining quality and complexity in the final product.
A bottle of Jacob's Pardon 18-year small batch whiskey.
For F. Paul Pacult, master blender of Jacob’s Pardon, the decision to release an age-statement bourbon hinges on balance. “The deciding factor is the harmony between alcohol-by-volume strength, aromatic and palate properties, and the barrel’s biochemical impact,” he explains. He cites an example of an 18-year-old whiskey greenlit for the Jacob’s Pardon Small Batch program due to its “smooth drinkability and quality.”
The perception of age-statement bourbon often drives consumer decisions and influences pricing. Nethery highlights that “higher age statements hold a higher price point primarily because of the taxes paid during the aging period and evaporation losses.
“Those older barrels are limited, and that rarity adds to the value,” echoes Tim Heuisler, Suntory Global Spirits American Whiskey brand ambassador. “Consumers are willing to pay a little more because they know they’re getting something special that took years to perfect.”
The secondary market for bourbon exemplifies this volatility, as seen in the 2024 release of King of Kentucky bourbon, aged 16 years. As reported by Bourboneur, initially priced at approximately $2,200, the bottle encountered resistance, with its average price stabilizing at $1,759. This fluctuation underscores the high demand for premium age-statement bourbon, balanced against the financial realities of collectors and enthusiasts navigating a competitive marketplace.
The premium spirits sector is experiencing significant growth, with the bourbon market projected to climb from $64.7 billion in 2024 to a valuation of $100.81 billion over the forecast period, according to Verified Market Research. This surge reflects an increasing consumer preference for premium and craft spirits, driven by a willingness to invest in high-quality products that offer distinctive flavors and craftsmanship. Age-statement bourbons are particularly well-positioned within this expanding market, as their association with tradition and exclusivity aligns with consumer desires for authenticity and heritage.
Despite these premiums, age does not always equate to superior quality. Non-age-statement bourbons offer distillers greater flexibility, allowing for a blend of younger and older barrels to achieve consistency. As Fraley points out, “Non-age-statement bourbons can be equally well-crafted, offering balance and complexity by blending barrels of various ages to achieve a desired profile.”
Nancy Fraley, master blender for Jos. A. Magnus.
The rising demand for older bourbons has had a notable impact on production strategies. Heuisler mentions that “people are really gravitating towards older bourbons,” influencing Knob Creek and Basil Hayden to add 10-year-old expressions to their portfolios. However, this demand also necessitates careful planning to ensure adequate aging stock. Fraley emphasizes the importance of slowing the aging process by creating cooler conditions in warehouses, ensuring that older barrels do not become over-oaked.
Yet, as Nethery observes, flavor often takes precedence over age. “We’ve found that general consumers value good bourbon over an age statement,” she says, noting that while age can enhance a bourbon’s profile, taste remains paramount.
For those considering age-statement bourbon as an investment, industry leaders offer cautious advice. “Life is unpredictable, so why not savor things today, when they’re meant to be appreciated?” Fraley muses, advocating for enjoyment over collection. Pacult echoes this sentiment, advising enthusiasts to purchase from reputable retailers to avoid counterfeit whiskey, which has become a growing issue.
Age-statement bourbon remains a symbol of tradition and expertise, but its production is far from straightforward. From managing the unpredictable nature of barrel aging to balancing consumer perceptions with flavor integrity, distillers and blenders navigate a host of challenges to deliver a product that honors its legacy. As Pacult aptly concludes, “The suitability and quality of the bourbon is the key overriding factor,” reminding us that beyond the label lies the true essence of the craft."
61,2025-02-02,"Jetcity image - Adobe Stock Images
Demand for the Tesla Cybertruck may be slowing, and now there’s a new reason to reconsider purchasing one: the cost of insurance.
A new study from Insurify details how expensive insuring the Cybertruck is, reminding us that it’s always best to get an insurance quote before buying any new vehicle. While Cybertrucks are far more expensive to insure than a typical EV or ICE vehicle, they are not the most expensive vehicle to insure, at least not yet.
A Cybertruck in the wild
Cody Simms
Insurify notes that Cybertruck insurance is 45 percent more expensive than the national average and 15 percent more expensive to insure than the average EV. 
The average annual cost to insure a Cybertruck comes out to $3,392, exactly $500 more expensive than the average annual insurance cost for an EV of $2,892. That itself is $556 more expensive than the national average annual insurance cost of $2,336.
While those numbers alone are surprising, it actually gets worse for Tesla when you compare the average cost to insure their other models.
Tesla Model 3
Tesla
The same study points out that every other Tesla is more costly to insure. The annual cost to insure each Tesla in 2024, per Insurify:
Several factors help define insurance rates. Vehicle value, along with repair and replacement costs, factor heavily, according to Insurify. Cybertrucks are possibly less costly to insure because there isn’t a lot of sampling data, meaning that since the two best-selling Teslas are the most costly to insure, they are also the most expensive to repair or replace.
We also haven’t had the Cybertruck around long enough to know if Tesla’s durability claims stack up. The automaker says the glass on Cybertruck has a class-4 hail rating, and the stainless steel exterior resists denting. We'll have to wait for more claims to see if those hold up.
Tesla Cybertruck vs Ford F-150 tug of war
Tesla
Insurify suggests that Cybertruck’s core demographic may also contribute to lower insurance costs. Cybertruck buyers tend to be older, with half of them in their 40s, compared to 14 percent for Model 3 buyers. Drivers with longer and blemish-free driving records tend to have better insurance rates.
Though insurance companies don’t pull credit reports when insuring drivers, they do set credit rates based on a tiered system for credit scores in most states. Only California, Hawaii, Massachusetts, Michigan, Oregon, and Utah ban the practice of factoring credit ratings when setting insurance rates.
According to this study, Tesla Model 3 buyers have the worst creditworthiness compared to those purchasing any other Tesla model.
Tesla stated that neary all of the cars it sold in 2024 were Models 3 and Y. Above, a Tesla retail location in Smithtown, New York.
Newsday LLC/Getty Images
Only 18% of F-150 Lightning buyers have excellent credit, but insuring that vehicle costs just $199 less per year. Pricing for the F-150 Lightning starts at $62,995, which is $12,000 less than the Cybertruck and may help explain that discrepancy.
Cybertruck shipments skyrocketed late last year as production ramped up to fulfill preorders. With more Cybertrucks on the road, we’ll get a clearer picture of how much it truly costs to insure.
Given the Cybertruck’s already shaky reputation for durability—and the fact that people like to deface them—I expect the cost to insure one to rise significantly.
Love reading Autoblog? Sign up for our weekly newsletter to get exclusive articles, insider insights, and the latest updates delivered right to your inbox. Click here to sign up now!
Editor with a history of driving results"
62,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 12 Best S&P 500 Stocks to Invest in According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where MGM Resorts International (NYSE:MGM) stands against the other S&P 500 stocks.
2024 was a memorable year for the broad market index, which posted a gain of 23.31%, building on the 24.2% return in 2023. The two-year surge of over 53% is the best performance for the index since the 66% rally between 1997 and 1998.
READ ALSO: 15 Stocks ChatGPT Predicts Could Make You Wealthy in 10 Years and 10 Under-the-Radar Stocks with Massive Upside for 2025.
The stock market benefited from a resilient economy that avoided recession, declining interest rates, and waning inflation. Analysts are projecting continued growth in 2025 amid strong economic data and optimism about a business-friendly Trump administration returning to power.
The broader market rose 0.5% on January 23, going past its peak in December to a new record high. The gain added to the week-long winning momentum after data showed inflation slowing in the country more than economists had anticipated. With this rise, the index is up 4% since the start of the year.
Investor sentiment has also been bolstered with President Trump reiterating his commitment to lowering oil prices and further cutting interest rates. The 78-year-old is also taking his time over tariffs by holding them off until February. Analysts believe a less aggressive approach than some had expected has helped the market move higher. Here is what Larry Tentarelli, chief technical strategist at the Blue Chip Daily Trend Report, had to say:
""He really can’t control interest rates, but the market likes to hear that kind of stuff. So far, the market does seem to like what Trump’s policies are going to be, so we’ll just have to see if there’s some follow-through.""
A string of strong corporate earnings reports has also supported the gains in January. According to data from FactSet, earnings for companies listed on the index are on track to grow by over 12% for the fourth quarter compared to the same period in the prior year. If that happens, this would mark the best quarter for company profits since 2021.
While the overall outlook for the stock market looks encouraging, analysts are also cautious about the rally having gone too far, and a correction is in the offing this year. The threat of fierce trade wars sparked by tariffs, ongoing geopolitical conflicts, and broader inflationary pressures could also hurt the market.
Jurrien Timmer, Director of Global Macro for Fidelity Management & Research Company wrote the following in a note on December 18.
""Personally, I am bullish on stocks for 2025, though with valuations high and the bull market maturing, I don’t think investors should expect quite such spectacular returns next year as we have seen this past year. And I think there are important risks from inflation, and the market’s concentration, to be aware of.""
For this article, we went through the list of large cap stocks on the broader market index and picked the top 12 with the highest average share price upside potential. All data is as of the close of the day on Friday, January 31, 2025. The stocks are listed in ascending order of their share price upside potential.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
Aerial shot of an entertainment resort, its buildings and gaming amenities sprawling along the seafront.
Average Share Price Upside Potential as of January 31: 51.60%
Market Cap: $10.27 billion
MGM Resorts International (NYSE:MGM) is an American hospitality, sports, and entertainment company with a significant presence in domestic and international locations. Its segments include Las Vegas Strip Resorts, Regional Operations, and MGM China. The company’s properties offer hotels, casinos, meetings and conference spaces, dining, gaming, nightlife and other facilities.
Currently, MGM Resorts International (NYSE:MGM) is pursuing targeted expansion in Asia, particularly in Japan, where the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport, and Tourism in 2023 approved the company’s plans for a $10 billion casino resort project in Osaka, which is expected to transform the city into a premier gaming and entertainment destination. It is also exploring opportunities in other markets in the region, including the United Arab Emirates and Thailand.
MGM Resorts International (NYSE:MGM) is also capitalizing on the online sports betting and iGaming markets through BetMGM, its 50% joint venture with Entain. BetMGM had an impressive third quarter of fiscal 2024, during which it achieved profitability, record iGaming results, and a 70% increase in first-time depositors.
Moreover, MGM boasts a healthy return on equity in the high teens and generates substantial free cash flow, which allows the company to reinvest in its business, execute share repurchase programs, and enhance shareholder value. This has resulted in a general bullish sentiment around the stock.
Wall Street analysts have a consensus Strong Buy rating for MGM Resorts International (NYSE:MGM) with an average share price upside potential of nearly 52%, making it one of the best large-cap stocks to invest in according to analysts. Investor sentiment is seeing an improvement as well. According to Insider Monkey’s database for Q3 2024, 46 hedge funds held a stake in the company, up from 44 at the end of the second quarter.
Overall MGM ranks 7th on our list of the best S&P 500 stocks to invest in according to analysts. While we acknowledge the potential of MGM as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MGM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
63,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
Dynatrace, Inc. (NYSE:DT) defied analyst predictions to release its quarterly results, which were ahead of market expectations. The company beat forecasts, with revenue of US$436m, some 2.2% above estimates, and statutory earnings per share (EPS) coming in at US$1.19, 848% ahead of expectations. Following the result, the analysts have updated their earnings model, and it would be good to know whether they think there's been a strong change in the company's prospects, or if it's business as usual. Readers will be glad to know we've aggregated the latest statutory forecasts to see whether the analysts have changed their mind on Dynatrace after the latest results.
 View our latest analysis for Dynatrace 
Taking into account the latest results, the current consensus from Dynatrace's 35 analysts is for revenues of US$1.94b in 2026. This would reflect a notable 19% increase on its revenue over the past 12 months. Statutory earnings per share are expected to plunge 56% to US$0.72 in the same period. Yet prior to the latest earnings, the analysts had been anticipated revenues of US$1.93b and earnings per share (EPS) of US$0.71 in 2026. So it's pretty clear that, although the analysts have updated their estimates, there's been no major change in expectations for the business following the latest results.
There were no changes to revenue or earnings estimates or the price target of US$65.13, suggesting that the company has met expectations in its recent result. That's not the only conclusion we can draw from this data however, as some investors also like to consider the spread in estimates when evaluating analyst price targets. Currently, the most bullish analyst values Dynatrace at US$71.00 per share, while the most bearish prices it at US$54.20. Even so, with a relatively close grouping of estimates, it looks like the analysts are quite confident in their valuations, suggesting Dynatrace is an easy business to forecast or the the analysts are all using similar assumptions.
One way to get more context on these forecasts is to look at how they compare to both past performance, and how other companies in the same industry are performing. We would highlight that Dynatrace's revenue growth is expected to slow, with the forecast 15% annualised growth rate until the end of 2026 being well below the historical 23% p.a. growth over the last five years. Juxtapose this against the other companies in the industry with analyst coverage, which are forecast to grow their revenues (in aggregate) 12% annually. So it's pretty clear that, while Dynatrace's revenue growth is expected to slow, it's expected to grow roughly in line with the industry.
The most important thing to take away is that there's been no major change in sentiment, with the analysts reconfirming that the business is performing in line with their previous earnings per share estimates. They also reconfirmed their revenue estimates, with the company predicted to grow at about the same rate as the wider industry. There was no real change to the consensus price target, suggesting that the intrinsic value of the business has not undergone any major changes with the latest estimates.
With that said, the long-term trajectory of the company's earnings is a lot more important than next year. We have forecasts for Dynatrace going out to 2027, and you can see them free on our platform here.
Even so, be aware that  Dynatrace is showing  2 warning signs in our investment analysis , and 1 of those is concerning...
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
64,2025-02-02,"
1 hour ago


2 hours ago


2 hours ago


5 hours ago


8 hours ago


21 hours ago


Feb 7, 2025


Feb 7, 2025


10 hours ago


Feb 7, 2025


Feb 7, 2025


Feb 6, 2025


Feb 7, 2025


Feb 7, 2025


Feb 6, 2025


Feb 4, 2025


1 hour ago


3 hours ago


7 hours ago


7 hours ago


1 hour ago


2 hours ago


Feb 1, 2025


Jan 20, 2025


Feb 1, 2025


Jan 18, 2025


Jan 1, 2025


Dec 29, 2024


Feb 2, 2025


Jan 1, 2025


Dec 21, 2024


Dec 14, 2024


Jan 30, 2025


Jan 30, 2025


Jan 23, 2025


Jan 22, 2025


Feb 7, 2025


Feb 6, 2025


Feb 6, 2025


Feb 1, 2025


Jan 3, 2025


Dec 15, 2024


Dec 7, 2024


Nov 30, 2024


6 hours ago


21 hours ago


Feb 7, 2025


Feb 7, 2025



Fiza Ali

Neowin
@Fiza_Aliii        ·
    

    Feb 2, 2025 01:52 EST
    

with 0 comments



Amazon is currently offering the KYY K3 portable monitor at its lowest price. So, if you have also been looking for a second monitor or a budget-friendly display, this could be a good option to consider. The K3 supports duplicate mode for screen sharing, extended mode for additional workspace, and primary mode, allowing it to function as the main screen when the connected PC is off.
The device features a 15.6-inch Full HD (1920 x 1080) IPS panel with a 16:9 aspect ratio, 60Hz refresh rate, and a 178-degree viewing angle. With a 72% NTSC colour gamut, a 300 cd/m² brightness, and a 1000:1 contrast ratio, it promises accurate colours, sharp details, and consistent image quality.
Its HDR and Scene modes enhance brightness and contrast for improved viewing. The flicker-free and low blue light screen reduces eye strain, providing a more comfortable viewing experience for extended use.
Furthermore, its two built-in stereo speakers should offer adequate audio for videos, music, and gaming. The portable monitor has a sleek black metal design with a user-friendly menu control wheel for easy settings adjustments.

It includes two USB-C ports and a Mini HDMI port, allowing compatibility with laptops, smartphones, PCs, PS4, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and other devices. Moreover, it supports plug-and-play functionality with no drivers required. A 3.5mm audio jack is included as well for external speakers or headphones.
In addition, included PU leather smart cover protects the screen from scratches and dust while also doubling as a foldable stand with two adjustable viewing angles. Finally, at 0.3 inches thick and weighing 1.7 lbs, this portable monitor is lightweight and travel-friendly.

About the company; KYY launched in 2015 and specializes in external display monitor technology, offering a range of portable monitors, including 1080P and 4K single-screen options, as well as triple portable displays.
On Amazon, KYY's portable monitors have received an average rating of 4.4 out of 5 stars from 9,739 reviews, indicating a high level of customer satisfaction. The company has also achieved the status of #1 Best Seller in the Computer Monitors category, with over 10,000 units sold in the past month. This indicates that KYY is a well-regarded brand with a strong track record, making it a reliable choice for those looking to purchase a portable monitor.
 As an Amazon Associate, we earn from qualifying purchases.


Paul Hill
                                                ·
                    
Jan 6, 2025

with
1
                            comment
                                                            





Sayan Sen
                                                ·
                    
Dec 9, 2024

with
0
                            comment
                                s
                                                            





Sayan Sen
                                                ·
                    
Nov 29, 2024

with
0
                            comment
                                s
                                                            





John Callaham
                                                ·
                    
Sep 6, 2024

with
0
                            comment
                                s
                                                            



Login or Sign Up to read and post a comment.
Please enter your reason for reporting this comment.

                                dangbei
                                

                                microsoft weekly
                                

                                surface laptop 7 for business
                                

                                windows 11 23h2 vs 24h2
                                

                                beelink
                                

                                honor magic7 pro
                                

                                redmi note 14 pro plus 5g
                                

                                nyxi
                                

                        galaxy s25 ultra promo
                        

                        apple
                        

                        rtx 5070
                        

                        surface pro 11 for business
                        

© Since 2000 Neowin®
                                    All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners.
                                "
65,2025-02-02,"This video can not be played
I'm disappointed but players are trying - Amorim
Ruben Amorim says Manchester United are ""trying everything"" to strengthen his squad before the transfer window closes following another home defeat â but will not repeat ""the mistakes of the past"".
The 40-year-old also said it would not be an issue if Marcus Rashford started scoring for Aston Villa as his own side struggle to find the net.
Unwanted forward Rashford has joined Villa on loan until the end of the season after accepting he was not going to get picked if he stayed at Old Trafford.
The 27-year-old is only two goals off being United's joint highest scorer this season, even though he has not played since 12 December.
United drew another blank in their 2-0 home defeat by Crystal Palace, meaning only Everton and the bottom three - Ipswich, Leicester and Southampton - have scored fewer than their 28 Premier League goals this term.
""Humiliating? It is not embarrassing,"" said Amorim when asked about the prospect of Rashford scoring goals for Villa as United struggle. ""When you loan a player, you expect him to play and improve so there is nothing humiliating there.""
Nottingham Forest striker Chris Wood has scored as many on his own as the 17 United have managed at home this season.
Rasmus Hojlund has scored seven in all competitions. Joshua Zirkzee has four. The pair, who cost in excess of Â£100m, were both left out of Amorim's starting line-up against Palace as Kobbie Mainoo was selected as a false nine. An experiment that ultimately failed.
United head into the final day of the transfer window with speculation that they will further strengthen Amorim's squad, even though insiders are playing the prospect down.
Deals for Bayern Munich's Mathys Tel and Chelsea forward Christopher Nkunku are regarded as unlikely. Although, after spending Â£25m on Lecce defender Patrick Dorgu and signing Arsenal youngster Ayden Heaven in the last 48 hours, it is not entirely clear whether the club would have to sell players in order to fund further signings.
""We are trying everything to improve the team without making the mistakes of the past and also trying to balance the urgency of the moment,"" said Amorim.
""We know all of the aspects of our club in the moment but we are trying everything.
""This market is really hard on clubs to make some deals. I want to improve the team so badly. I know what the team needs. Sometimes it's possible, sometimes it's not. When the window closes we will see the players that we have.""
It is evident United need something to give them a lift.
They have now lost five of their last six Premier League home games under Amorim.
Incredibly, that means Amorim has lost more league games at Old Trafford than Jose Mourinho (four) in two-and-a-half years as United manager, and as many as Louis van Gaal (five) in his two seasons.
Yet there is trepidation about United's ability in the transfer market. Antony, signed from Ajax for Â£81.3m, has already joined Real Betis on loan. Tyrell Malacia, who cost Â£13m in 2022, also looks set for a move away from Old Trafford.
Neither has proved to be value for money and there are plenty of others in Amorim's squad about whom the same accusation could be levelled, which is why the club's Profit and Sustainability position has repeatedly been described as ""tight"".
The painful divorce of Marcus Rashford and Manchester United
'Glitch in the matrix' - can Dorgu solve Man Utd's problem?
Latest Manchester United news, analysis and fan views
Transfer deadline day promises to be huge for Manchester United and Ruben Amorim.
The financial reality of the club's situation is that the kind of spending Pep Guardiola has committed to at Manchester City just is not possible at Old Trafford.
But the reality of the weeks since Amorim's arrival from Sporting means, if there are not more new arrivals before the window closes, United will struggle to get out of the bottom half of the Premier League - which in turn will put the Portuguese under even more scrutiny when the 2025-26 campaign starts, as well as clipping the finance he has available to bring more players in.
The problem is who. Amorim can talk around the issue of scoring goals, but if he really had confidence in Hojlund or Zirkzee, he wouldn't be rotating them or leaving them both out, as he did today.
Guardiola doesn't rotate Erling Haaland. Ditto Arne Slot and Mo Salah. At this stage in the window, with limited amounts of money to spend, there are no guarantees. But United have to take a risk. They have to at least try. If they don't it will be Amorim who will be feeling the heat.
Comments can not be loaded
To load Comments you need to enable JavaScript in your browser
Six Nations: Italy v Wales - live text commentary
FA Cup fourth round: Live text commentary on 10 ties
Six Nations: Build-up as England seek victory over France
Daisy May Cooper's brilliantly twisted comedy thriller
An obsessive friendship, maternal paranoia â and a dead cat
Poppy and Rubina talk about the sacrifices they make
Is it a good thing, how much is too much and what regrets do they have?
Let the mind games begin, US style
The American version of the hit reality game is back, hosted by Alan Cumming
Stories of romance fraud, betrayal and manipulation
Vicky Pattison talks with people who want to speak up to help expose such criminals
'A real fighter' - how Simeone's son emerged as key to Atletico
Chiefs seek history, Eagles want revenge - essential Super Bowl preview
What Scotland must do to end misery against Ireland
The Treble to the periphery - what's going on with Jack Grealish?
Kendrick, Kelce & red carpets - a week at Super Bowl 59. VideoKendrick, Kelce & red carpets - a week at Super Bowl 59
Was this new low for 'abject' Spurs - and what happened to 'Ange-ball'?
Sutton's FA Cup fourth-round predictions v indie-rock band Doves
Five stats McCullum must change to improve England's ODI fortunes
How to follow FA Cup fourth round on BBC 
Who rivals Dupont as Six Nations' greatest player?
'Hurts will be reason Eagles win or lose Super Bowl - pressure is on him'
'Howe's Newcastle can assume legendary status forever'
Why Milan's Winter Olympic sliding events could be held 4,000 miles away
'It is a revolution' - how rugby is taking Paris
Dreary or incredible? Burnley's records divide fans
Superstars compete at Alpine World Ski Championships - how to watch
Meet the girls pushing to become future F1 stars
In Pictures: Sporting photos of the week
Were Australia really 16-0 better than England?
The painful divorce of Marcus Rashford and Manchester United
Copyright Â© 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking."
66,2025-02-02,"After nearly five years of absence following the app's ban, the relaunch comes with stringent conditions."
67,2025-02-02,"Business Insider Edition 
Many of the market's biggest fears may be overblown, though the head of global multi-asset at T. Rowe Price is starting to scale out of US stocks anyway.

        Investment chief Sbastien Page recently told Business Insider that he's not worried about economic growth, even though fourth-quarter GDP just came in lighter than expected. GDP still more than doubled consensus estimates in 2024, he noted. Corporate earnings, spending, and the unemployment rate also look healthy, and that's before tax cuts and deregulation.
    

        It's also too soon to say that China-based DeepSeek's highly effective chatbot will send artificial intelligence spending spiraling, Page said. After speaking with T. Rowe Price's tech analysts, the 25-year market veteran concluded there's no need to panic about DeepSeek.
    

        ""The economy looks fine, earnings are looking to grow at 15%, and you still have a lot of AI spending that's actually going to increase maybe by 20%, based on our analyst estimates,"" Page said in an interview.
    

        However, Page also said US equities don't look as attractive after a massive multi-year rally. His main concern is the same as it was last fall: Markets are already pricing in plenty of good news.
    

        The S&P 500's forward earnings ratio is in the 95th to 98th percentile historically, he noted, but it pales in comparison to that of mega-cap growth stocks. This group's valuations are even more stretched now than they were in mid-November, following the postelection market surge.
    

        Even if all goes well with the economy, which Page sees as likely but far from certain, US stocks could fall short of lofty expectations if investors are underwhelmed by earnings. That's why as markets march ever-higher, Page said he's increasingly inclined to take money off the table.
    

        ""We're still overweight stocks, but we're starting to reduce that overweight,"" Page said. ""We're determining our risk-on positioning. I think as markets continue to rally, we'll continue to fade our overweight to go back to neutral-weight — not get out of stocks completely, just get back to neutral-weight. So that's how we're playing this right now.""
    

        It's hard to poke a hole in fourth-quarter earnings results, at least so far. Profits have exceeded estimates and are up about 10% so far, according to Bank of America. Big-tech earnings were more of a mixed bag, as Meta pleased investors while Microsoft and Apple had some red flags.
    

        While some companies have issued timid forward guidance, the Street thinks earnings will rise at a mid-teen rate in 2025. If analysts are right, stocks could be in for another strong year.
    

        ""The forecast for the next 12 months is that earnings are going to grow at 15% — that's a high bar,"" Page said. ""So if you want to be an optimist, we can say, 'Look, we don't even need P/E expansion; we don't even need valuations to go higher. If just earnings come through, we can get double-digit stock returns.'""
    

        But companies have almost no room for error, Page said, considering where valuations are in the face of interest rates that are now expected to stay at restrictive levels for a longer time. So unless quarterly results meet or exceed an exceedingly high bar, US stocks could take a big hit.
    

        ""I call it the 'tyranny of high expectations,'"" Page said. ""Meaning, the expectations for earnings growth are so high that you set yourself up for missing the mark.""
    

        Cheaper value stocks are among the safest places to be in this expensive market, Page said.
    

        The market has fallen by 1% or more 17 times in the last 200 trading sessions, Page noted. In each of those instances, stocks with a value tilt have outperformed their growth-oriented peers, he said. That means value stocks are a better bet during selloffs, and have rebound potential.
    

        ""Projecting forward 12 months, I would ascribe at least as much upside in value as in growth, given the valuation differential and the broadening fundamentals,"" Page said. ""So to be overweight value I think is an interesting less-downside/same-upside kind of trade.""
    

        However, that's not to say that the investment chief is bearish on growth stocks. The AI trade isn't over, Page said, as cheaper, better AI can actually cause its adoption rate to accelerate.
    

        ""I would own both growth and value; tech and non-tech,"" Page said. ""I think we're probably approaching peak concentration. So in our portfolios, we have a slight overweight to value stocks. We think growth stocks are still a very good long-term investment.""
    

        With that said, stocks in economically sensitive sectors like energy, financials, and materials are strong bets because their valuations are reasonable, and the gap between their earnings growth and those of tech firms is narrowing. The same is true of healthcare stocks, he noted.
    

        Outside of the US, investors should stay selective. Page isn't overly bullish on international stocks but said less-heralded markets like Japan, Argentina, and Brazil are worth a look.
    

        In short, Page said his best advice for the next 11 months is the same as it usually is.
    

        ""I don't really like to say, 'Stay invested; stay diversified,' because it's sort of an answer you can give at any point in time,"" Page said. ""If you think about that statement, you could put it on a fortune cookie.""
    

        But in this richly valued and ever-shifting stock market, that truism rings especially true.
    

        ""I expect markets to broaden, hence the 'stay diversified,' and I think the economy and earnings will do just fine, hence the 'stay invested,'"" Page said. ""So when someone asks you in an elevator, 'Hey, you're an investment person,' what should you say? Just say that. And it actually works quite well right now.""
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
68,2025-02-02,"There are both good and potentially bad results of SteamOS coming to third-party handhelds. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

During CES 2025, Lenovo revealed that it will release an official SteamOS Legion Go S gaming handheld this year, but it won't be the only portable gaming device to officially be powered by this operating system. Valve recently changed its SteamOS guidelines and clarified usage on third-party hardware, so we'll soon see more officially shipped SteamOS devices from various Steam Deck competitors.
Now, overall, this is a good thing, but it also might cause some nuanced changes. Here are two reasons why SteamOS coming to other devices is a wonderful thing and two reasons why it might not be ideal.

The Steam Deck launched in February 2022, likely in response to the massive success of the Nintendo Switch. But what this means is that it is officially three years old this year. As any who lived through the 2000s can attest, technology evolves rapidly, and hardware can quickly become obsolete or outdated in just a few months. Now, the Steam Deck was never a powerhouse, but it did kickstart the whole PC gaming handheld market with its launch.
Three years later, we have Windows handheld competition from Lenovo, ASUS, MSI, Acer, and more. While Steam Deck maintains popularity as one of the most affordable handhelds with a simple interface, most of its rival devices offer newer, more powerful hardware. So, now that SteamOS can officially be shipped on more than just Steam Deck, users can still get the wonderfully simplified operating system but will potentially be able to play games that the Steam Deck cannot handle.
If you look back at guides that I've written, you'll see that there have been times when a more demanding game fails to run or else offers horrid performance on Steam Deck while being playable on ROG Ally or Legion Go. If we have SteamOS on a handheld with better internals, this might not be an issue anymore.
Of course, those who feel comfortable doing so have found ways to install this operating system on any handheld that didn't come with it. You could even make your handheld dual boot between SteamOS and Windows. Plus, Valve will soon officially make it possible to put SteamOS on rival hardware like ROG Ally. So, it will be easier than ever for people who already own a different handheld to use the Linux-based operating system.

My second pro is definitely a nuance that carries over from my first point, but one that's worth distinguishing nonetheless.
All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
In addition to potentially offering better hardware than Steam Deck, having other official SteamOS devices means that we, as consumers, get a broader range of devices to choose from. Perhaps you want something that offers better performance but isn't too expensive, or maybe you don't care about cost and want a beast of a handheld that blows all of the others out of the water. Regardless, there might be a specific ""Powered by SteamOS"" handheld that fits your needs best.
Plus, competition breeds progress. Up until this year, Steam Deck was the one and only official SteamOS device out there. With Valve opening the floodgates to third-party OEMs (original equipment manufacturers), we're going to see a lot more competition in the ""Powered by SteamOS"" space. More competition means that these OEMs need to do whatever possible to try and make their devices more appealing to purchase than their rivals. With any luck, this will lead to there being a SteamOS handheld with conveniences and features that really stand out from the others.

In the handheld space, Nintendo fans are anxiously awaiting the recently announced Switch 2. Meanwhile, Valve hasn't so much as confirmed that a Steam Deck 2 is even in the works. The one thing we do know is that Valve isn't planning on releasing a Steam Deck with an AMD Ryzen Z2 chip. Some people are already coming to terms with the fact that we might not ever get a Steam Deck 2.
The thing is, Valve doesn't really need to make a Steam Deck 2 anymore. The original device fantastically proclaimed that handheld PC gaming is now viable. In fact, it potentially even pushed more developers toward PC game development over console development this last year. So now, if Valve wants to, the company can just sit back and let OEMs produce handhelds that are ""Powered by SteamOS."" These devices will still usher people to Steam, and then Valve can pull in money strictly from game sales. Goodness knows, Valve isn't hurting for money, since it makes more per employee than Facebook, Apple, and Microsoft.
We've seen this before with Valve hardware and accessories. The company often produces things like Steam Link, the Steam Machines, or other devices and then might decide they're done making new ones (although a new Steam Controller does seem to be in the works). So, as sad as it is, SteamOS coming to more hardware creates the very real possibility that there won't ever be a Steam Deck 2.

The Steam Deck has acquired an absolutely devoted and loyal fanbase that loves coming together to share upgrade ideas, troubleshooting tips, case customizations, and much more. If someone has an issue, they can easily discuss their situation with others who have the same exact hardware that they do.
However, with SteamOS coming to other devices, users might have to find more niche groups of people who have the same exact handheld they do to find specific answers to their problems. In other words, the Steam Deck community might scatter into SteamOS sub-communities, especially if there is no clear leader among new non-Steam Deck SteamOS handhelds. It's not the worst thing in the world, but the sense of comradery that now exists could be diminished.
One thing is sure: now that more companies can produce official devices that run SteamOS, we're going to see more competition and have plenty of more powerful options to choose from.
There might be a clear ""Powered by SteamOS"" handheld winner that pulls the majority of gamers to it. However, it's also possible that the Steam Deck community disperses to smaller groups and no longer has one big group to communicate with. I'll be really sad if Steam Deck 2 never releases, but at the same time, there's an argument that the original already did its job and doesn't need a follow-up.
Self-professed gaming geek, Rebecca Spear, is one of Windows Central's editors and reviewers with a focus on gaming handhelds, mini PCs, PC gaming, and laptops. When she isn't checking out the latest games on Xbox Game Pass, PC, ROG Ally, or Steam Deck; she can be found digital drawing with a Wacom tablet. She's written thousands of articles with everything from editorials, reviews, previews, features, previews, and hardware reviews over the last few years. If you need information about anything gaming-related, her articles can help you out. She also loves testing game accessories and any new tech on the market. You can follow her @rrspear on X (formerly Twitter).

Windowscentral is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
69,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Alcohol Stocks To Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Monster Beverage Corporation (NASDAQ:MNST) stands against the other alcohol stocks.
An analysis by Goldman Sachs has revealed that beer and spirits volumes in the American market have shown little correlation with economic growth. This is because beer and spirits are often seen as affordable luxuries or even staples. Liquor tends to enjoy stable sales even when general consumer spending takes a hit elsewhere, while there have also been times when alcohol sales even increase during economic downturns, as they did during the COVID-19 pandemic and the Great Recession of 2008-09.
READ ALSO: 10 Best Liquor Stocks To Buy According to Short Sellers
However, things haven’t been exactly easy for the alcohol sector lately, especially after the recent report from the U.S. Surgeon General claimed that alcohol consumption in the country is directly linked to approximately 100,000 cases of cancer and 20,000 deaths annually. The report has proposed to put cancer warning labels on alcoholic beverages, signaling a shift toward more aggressive tobacco-style regulation for the sector if adopted.
The proposition, if enacted, could seriously hurt sales for a sector that is already struggling with a pullback in drinking by younger consumers. According to the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism, America’s per capita annual consumption of alcohol in 2022 was 2.5 gallons, down from 3.28 gallons in the early 1980s. The growing popularity of low-and no-alcohol products, rising prevalence of cannabis use, and anti-obesity drugs picking up steam certainly haven’t helped either.
Another looming threat for the American liquor industry is that of tariffs. The European Union is due to reimpose its retaliatory tariff on American whiskey in late March, but at a higher rate of 50%. Over the last two years, American whiskey exports to the EU have surged by more than 60%, and total US spirits exports grew to a record high of $2.2 billion in 2023. But this success story could face a devastating turn unless President Trump's administration can swiftly negotiate a prolonged suspension or permanent removal of the tariff.
However, amidst the sharp decline in sales following the pandemic, one category that could be a bright spot for the struggling booze industry is that of spirit-based RTD’s, despite the fall in the overall spirits segment. Americans consumed over 62 million cases of ready-to-drink spirits in 2023, up almost 25% from 2022, making it the second-largest spirit category by volume, right behind vodka. A plethora of new brands have popped up in the market over the last few years, offering canned versions of many bar classics, including Negroni, Daiquiri, and even the good ol’ Jack & Coke.
The alcohol sector also seems to be responding adequately to the evolving consumer trends by investing heavily in a wide range of low- and no-alcohol beverages. The strategy seems to be paying off, as according to Nielsen, non-alcoholic beer, wine, and spirits collectively surpassed $565 million in sales in 2023, up 35% from the year before. Sales of Guinness 0.0, the zero-alcohol version of the highly beloved Irish stout, surged by nearly 50% between February 2023 and February 2024, putting it among the Best Selling Non Alcoholic Beers in the US. Nearly every major industry player has come up with No-Lo versions of their highly acclaimed brands, making sure they don’t miss out on their share of a market that is becoming more and more established every day.
To collect data for this article, we examined all the companies in the alcohol sector that are listed on NASDAQ and NYSE and then compiled a list of the stocks with the highest upside potential according to Wall Street analysts, as of January 27, 2024. Following are the Best Alcohol Stocks According to Analysts.
At Insider Monkey we are obsessed with the stocks that hedge funds pile into. The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A shelf filled with a variety of bottles of energy drinks, juices, and sodas in a convenience store.
Stock Upside Potential: 18.43%
Next on our list of the Best Alcohol Stocks is one of the biggest names in the global energy drinks market, Monster Beverage Corporation (NASDAQ:MNST), known for brands like Monster Energy, Relentless, and Burn. The beverage giant also forayed into the alcohol sector in 2022 when it acquired the CANarchy Craft Brewery Collective in a deal worth $330 million. The acquisition gave Monster ownership of CANarchy’s craft breweries, which now operate under the name Monster Brewing Co. Shares of MNST have gained over 46% over the last 5 years, with analysts predicting further gains in the future.
A notable aspect of Monster Beverage Corporation (NASDAQ:MNST) is its strategic partnership with Coca-Cola, which has owned an approximate 16.7% stake in the energy drinks company since 2015. This gives Monster access to Coca-Cola's vast global distribution network and provides it a competitive edge in international markets.
Monster Energy Beverage Corporation (NASDAQ:MNST) has recently been facing challenges in the domestic market, as the energy drinks market in the US continues to struggle. In Q3 of 2024, the company management also pointed to ‘excess inventory levels’ of its Alcohol Brands segment, suggesting slower sales of those products than expected. However, despite these challenges, Monster has managed to outperform its competitors and improve its market share in the US market both in volume and dollar terms, indicating that the company’s brand strength and aggressive marketing strategies are effective in maintaining its competitive edge.
Monster Energy Beverage Corporation (NASDAQ:MNST)’s globalization strategy also seems to be paying off as international sales now account for approximately 40% of its total revenue, reducing the company’s reliance on the tough domestic market. The international emerging markets are particularly attractive for Monster. As disposable incomes rise in these regions and Western consumer trends gain popularity, the demand for energy drinks is likely to go up. However, such aggressive geographical diversification carries its own risks and the energy drinks giant took a significant revenue hit from the ongoing hyperinflation in Argentina in Q3 2024.
Overall MNST ranks 7th on our list of the best alcohol stocks to buy according to analysts. While we acknowledge the potential for MNST as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MNST but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 8 Best Wide Moat Stocks to Buy Now and 30 Most Important AI Stocks According to BlackRock.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
70,2025-02-02,
71,2025-02-02,"It’s no secret that the tech world moves fast, but when a company as dominant as NVIDIA stumbles, it grabs everyone’s attention. If you’ve been following the headlines, you might have heard whispers that the release of a new AI model, DeepSeek R1, was to blam…"
72,2025-02-02,
73,2025-02-02,
74,2025-02-02,
75,2025-02-02,"The Facebook pages devoted to the BYD Shark in Australia are exploding with stories of utes being delivered and new drivers’ experiences. Every time one is spotted in the wild, it sparks excitement and a new post. Lots of learning is taking place. Most of the…"
76,2025-02-02,"
NFL prospects can turn Senior Bowl week into their proving grounds.
Prospects from FCS programs and small schools can demonstrate their ability to compete against top FBS competition. Undersized players can answer questions about their potential fits in specific schemes.
Every player has a chance to showcase their versatility.
This week, several prospects boosted their draft stocks. Two of these standouts may have generated first-round buzz.
We gathered observations and footage from Bleacher Report scouts and other spectators to highlight incoming NFL draftees who could make significant moves up the big boards after the activities at Hancock Whitney Stadium in Mobile, Alabama.

The all-important quarterback position is always the main focus, even in classes with only a couple or a few signal-callers who could be first-round picks—like this year.
In the absence of Cam Ward and Shedeur Sanders, Jaxson Dart drew the most positive attention among the quarterbacks. While Jalen Milroe had a rough week up until Thursday, the Ole Miss product quickly rebounded after a shaky first day at practice.
B/R scout Dame Parson noted Dart's improvement after his first day.
""He made multiple good decisions, hitting his first reads in the progression and fitting passes into tighter windows between two defenders,"" Parson wrote.
""Dart was visibly more confident in what he was asked to do and threw the ball with more certainty. Day-by-day improvement is a massive positive for Ole Miss' all-time passer.""
In certain situations, Dart showed touch on his throws over defenders and placed the ball in advantageous spots for his pass-catchers.
Another incredible throw from Jaxson Dart during Senior Bowl practice<br><br>Turning heads every day<br><br> <a href=""https://t.co/8SzMIBq0Kv"">pic.twitter.com/8SzMIBq0Kv</a>
While some would argue that Dart didn't have much competition to become the top quarterback on the American Team, he's elevated his stock and stirred up discussion about his draft outlook.
The Ringer's Todd McShay believes the gap between Sanders and Dart is closer than the public thinks it is in team evaluations. He expects the former Rebels quarterback to move up the ranks.
ESPN's Jeremy Fowler talked to a scout who thinks Dart has done enough to see a move up draft boards in an underwhelming quarterback class.
""I could see him getting pushed up in the draft, maybe not in the first round but close,"" the scout said. ""He shouldn't be a first-rounder, but it's a weak class and that's how these things go sometimes.""

All you need to know about Mike Green is that one of his reps against Josh Conerly Jr., who earned recognition as the top offensive lineman on the National Team, went viral on X.
Pro Football Focus captured the one-on-one rep that quickly circulated online.
Mike Green😳<br><br> <a href=""https://t.co/2HOUzcnMb2"">pic.twitter.com/2HOUzcnMb2</a>
Green flashed and left a strong impression in a short period. He didn't even stay the entire week.
Before this event, B/R's Scouting Department graded him as a second-round prospect, but Holder now considers him a bona fide first-rounder.
""The Marshall product is checking all the boxes he needed to mark off this week: weighing in over 250 pounds, showing a wide pass-rush repertoire and proving himself against top competition,"" Holder wrote. ""Green will be moving up B/R's edge rankings and should end up being a top-20 pick in April.""
In his final collegiate campaign, Green recorded 22.5 tackles for loss and 17 sacks. Still, skeptics usually have questions about small-school prospects when they face peers from Power Five conferences. Green likely squashed those concerns like he did the competition during Senior Bowl week.

Sometimes, analysts will label smaller wide receivers as just slot guys. At the Senior Bowl, those wideouts can show the ability to make plays on the perimeter and shed the perceived limitations of a slot receiver.
Jaylin Noel may have done that this week, and he may be the biggest winner in a receiver class with depth that lacks elite talent at the top.
Noel's peers recognized him as the best wideout on the National Team.
Bleacher Report scout Dame Parson noted one of Noel's highlight catches at practice.
""…Noel's highlight grab against tight coverage on a deep ball really caught everyone's eye. He made an outstanding adjustment to the ball and reeled it in. Noel is stacking days and proving that he is more than just a slot receiver,"" Parson wrote.
Draft analyst Joe DeLeone of The Ruffino & Joe Show and Rotounderworld's Jason Allwine recorded and posted some of Noel's best reps in one-and-one drills.
Amazing body control and concentration by Iowa State WR Jaylin Noel <a href=""https://t.co/h9LaG33Avr"">pic.twitter.com/h9LaG33Avr</a>
Jaylin Noel really is that dude <a href=""https://twitter.com/hashtag/TheDraftStartsInMOBILE?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw"">#TheDraftStartsInMOBILE</a> <a href=""https://t.co/N05U407V3o"">pic.twitter.com/N05U407V3o</a>
At Iowa State, Noel recorded more catches, receiving yards and touchdown receptions every year over four terms. He carried that momentum into Senior Bowl practices. His draft stock has likely skyrocketed after a highlight-reel week.

When evaluating cornerbacks, you must look beyond the pass breakups and interceptions and find out why the prospect is consistently in a position to make plays on the ball.
During the Senior Bowl practices, Quincy Riley showed spectators how he registered 15 interceptions and 40 pass breakups in five collegiate terms.
Riley blanketed receivers in stride all week. The Athletic's Dane Brugler recorded the Louisville product breaking up a well-placed back-shoulder throw near the sideline.
Great rep from CB Quincy Riley.<br><br>Patient, no panic, contest the back shoulder. <a href=""https://t.co/rwtTqAxSY1"">pic.twitter.com/rwtTqAxSY1</a>
Bleacher Report scout Brent Sobleski highlighted one of Riley's inconspicuous coverage traits.
""What made Riley stand out among others is a trait that's often overlooked. A cornerback who doesn't panic when he's beaten, out-of-phase, or the ball is in the air is invaluable. Riley has shown over the last two days that he's cool as the other side of the pillow when those instances occur. He will continue working to get in-phase and still try to make the play on the ball if possible.""
NFL draft analyst Jake Schyvinck captured a perfect example of what Sobleski described in his assessment.
He definitely pushes late in the rep here, but an impressive job yet again by Quincy Riley to break up the pass. <a href=""https://t.co/8H2UXrQ2y9"">pic.twitter.com/8H2UXrQ2y9</a>
B/R's Scouting Department projects Riley as a third-round pick, though his playmaking ability and demeanor displayed in those practices may push him further up draft boards.

Shemar Stewart isn't a polished prospect, which explains why his collegiate statistics in the pass rush and against the run look underwhelming compared to some of the top edge-rushers in the class.
In three terms at Texas A&M, Stewart logged 4.5 sacks and 11 tackles for loss, but after a string of eye-opening performances, he has generated first-round buzz from spectators.
Texas A&amp;M DL Shemar Stewart —6'5"", 281lbs— came to the senior bowl, dominated it for 2 days of practices, and has decided to leave early.<br><br>Punched his ticket for the 1st round of the 2025 NFL Draft 🎟️<a href=""https://t.co/0fllI7No3t"">pic.twitter.com/0fllI7No3t</a>
B/R scout Matt Holder witnessed the former Aggie impose his will in the trenches.
""He's been dominant in Mobile, as his tools are showing up more consistently on the field,"" Holder wrote. ""The former Aggie stood out during team periods as a pass-rusher and run-defender, logging a strip-sack and tackle for loss.
""Stewart will also be climbing up B/R's next big board, and it's becoming clearer that he has the makings of a first-round pick.""
Stewart is a prime example of a prospect whose pro production may be far greater than his collegiate numbers. Teams must grade him with potential as a crucial factor in evaluations.
Don't be surprised if draft analysts project Stewart as a first-rounder in their next wave of mocks.

Among the tight ends in this class, Tyler Warren and Colston Loveland will garner the most attention. However, the second tier of prospects at the position may have starter potential or at least add another layer to passing attacks.
Mason Taylor definitely improved his status within the position group, showing off his pass-catching ability.
The 33rd Team's James Foster put together a compilation clip of Taylor routinely beating defenders and, in most cases, using his strong hands to pluck the ball out of the air.
Every Mason Taylor 1-on-1 from the Senior Bowl <a href=""https://t.co/eOglclilsV"">pic.twitter.com/eOglclilsV</a>
B/R scout Dame Parson believes Taylor has done enough to earn consideration as a top-five tight end in the class.
""Taylor posted a good day overall. He showcased his blocking ability but kept up his route-running clinic against man coverage. He's making a case to leapfrog a few bigger names and enter the top-five tight-end discussion by the end of this week.""

As usual, offensive linemen fly under the radar, even at their best, though draft analysts certainly noticed Grey Zabel.
Zabel garnered praise across the board and quelled concerns about his ability to match up against top competition, coming out of an FCS program.
Pro Football Focus' Trevor Sikkema thinks Zabel, who mostly played tackle as a collegian, could be the No. 1 interior offensive lineman in the class.
The 33rd Team's Marcus Mosher posted a mashup of Zabel getting his hands dirty in one-on-one reps.
Here is every one-on-one rep by NDST OL Grey Zabel during the 2025 Senior Bowl: <a href=""https://t.co/UoQmKJY5ub"">pic.twitter.com/UoQmKJY5ub</a>
B/R scout Brandon Thorn did see Zabel lose some reps with a mixed-bag outing on Thursday, but he thinks the North Dakota State product stood out more than anyone else among the offensive linemen.
""Zabel had his worst practice of the week Thursday with a handful of losses spread across one-on-ones and the team portions of practice. The effort was by no means a bad day since he had several nice reps as well,"" Thorn wrote.
""Overall, Zabel put together an excellent, very good and solid three days of practice across the interior and a rep at right tackle. He helped his stock more than any other lineman in Mobile this year.""

Coming from an FCS program, David Walker needed to make a name for himself, and he did that with impressive wins in one-on-one drills.
The 33rd Team's James Foster compiled Walker's reps and compared him to undersized edge-rushers Melvin Ingram and Brandon Graham.
Every David Walker 1-on-1 from the Senior Bowl - clip #4 vs. Ersery shows how the arm length can be an issue, but still easily checked the box overall. Melvin Ingram/Brandon Graham type of player imo <a href=""https://t.co/qmU3XqB8e7"">pic.twitter.com/qmU3XqB8e7</a>
B/R scout Matt Holder acknowledged that Walker's measurements will impact his draft outlook, but he may have checked off some boxes for teams that wanted to see his ability to win on the edge show up at these practices.
""While the FCS product has a sawed-off frame (under 6'1"" and 267 lbs) that skews his NFL projection, he has the potential to be a disruptive player, which his 30 sacks over the last three seasons highlight,"" Holder wrote.
Perhaps Walker makes the cut for B/R's next draft big board.
College football statistics are provided by cfbstats.com.
Maurice Moton covers the NFL for Bleacher Report. You can follow him on Twitter @MoeMoton."
77,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published a list of Why These 15 Industrial Stocks Are Skyrocketing So Far In 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Lightbridge Corporation (NASDAQ:LTBR) stands against other industrial stocks that are skyrocketing so far in 2025.
The industrial sector has gotten a lot of attention in the past few years from the government due to the U.S. focusing on onshoring manufacturing, and it is likely that it will get even more attention as tariffs start to increase. Moreover, industrial companies are rushing to integrate AI and automation, which could increase margins by a lot in the long run.
As such, it’s a good idea to look into industrial stocks that benefit from these trends. This includes those that have been performing very well so far this year. Companies that adapt to new techs and capitalize from the Trump administration’s policies could deliver the most growth in the coming years.
For this article, I screened the top-performing industrial stocks year-to-date. Stocks that I have covered recently will be excluded from this list.
I will also mention the number of hedge fund investors in these stocks. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds invest in? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points. (see more details here).
An engineer conducting tests in a laboratory, looking closely at the latest nuclear fuel technology.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q3 2024: 2
Lightbridge Corporation (NASDAQ:LTBR) is a nuclear fuel tech company and its flagship product uses metallic fuel rods designed to operate at lower temperatures, extend reactor lifespans, and reduce nuclear waste by up to 30%.
The main reason this stock is up so much so far in 2025 is obviously AI, as it is expected to drive energy consumption, though DeepSeek has cooled that sentiment significantly. Still, Lightbridge (NASDAQ:LTBR) has had significant gains. It signed a non-binding MOU with Oklo, which is another reactor company. The partnership will reduce costs for both companies and trigger a surge in LTBR shares.
Lightbridge Corporation (NASDAQ:LTBR) is still pre-revenue. It reported $26.6 million in cash in Q3 2024. However, the net loss came in at $2.7 million, and the high cash burn of about $7.85 million year-to-date could lead to dilution down the road.
LTBR stock is up 77.45% year-to-date.
Overall, LTBR ranks 3rd on our list of industrial stocks that are skyrocketing so far in 2025. While we acknowledge the potential of LTBR as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than LTBR but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
78,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published an article titled Why These 15 AI Stocks Are Skyrocketing So Far In 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where DHI Group (NYSE:DHX) stands against the other AI stocks.
AI stocks were hit hard by DeepSeek’s announcement, but it seems to be that DeepSeek is only causing more optimism in the long run for many AI companies. This is because cost has been a big problem for AI companies, and if they can make progress on this front, it will let AI companies make much more powerful models with the existing hardware they have.
DeepSeek is open source, so most AI companies can learn from its efficiency and integrate it. Moreover, companies and VCs are still willing to put money into AI companies and are doubling down on their bets. This likely means that AI companies will be able to make even more progress in the long run.
The real action has been spreading into many AI companies beyond the familiar names. Plus, we’re seeing the rise of agentic AI. These stocks crushed the market last year, and despite the DeepSeek catalyst this year, they are still doing well.
Methodology
For this article, I screened the top-performing AI stocks year-to-date. Stocks that I have covered recently will be excluded from this list.
I will also mention the number of hedge fund investors in these stocks. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds invest in? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points. (see more details here).
A prestigious team of executive recruiters networking at a professional event.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q3 2024: 12
DHI Group (NYSE:DHX) provides an AI-powered career marketplace.
It has been rising sharply so far in 2025 due to DHI Group announcing a major restructuring of its business. It will be separating its operations into two distinct divisions for Dice and ClearanceJobs. This is expected to save $4-6 million annually and reduce workforce overlap.
DHI Group has also adopted a shareholder rights plan to protect $109 million in net capital loss carryforwards. This will prevent ownership changes that could jeopardize these tax assets. Plus, it announced a $5 million stock repurchase program starting in February 2025.
Q3 2024 revenue declined 6% to $35.3 million and ClearanceJobs revenue grew by 6%, while Dice revenue declined by 12%. Adjusted EBITDA was $8.6 million, down 8% year-over-year.
The consensus price target of $4.5 implies 52% upside.
DHX stock is up 69.1% year-to-date.
Overall DHX ranks 4th on our list of the AI stocks that are skyrocketing so far in 2025. While we acknowledge the potential of DHX as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than DHX but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: Why These 15 Stocks Are Skyrocketing in 2025 and 10 Hottest Smid-Cap Stocks So Far In 2025
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
79,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published an article titled Why These 15 AI Stocks Are Skyrocketing So Far In 2025. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Boxlight Corp (NASDAQ:BOXL) stands against the other AI stocks.
AI stocks were hit hard by DeepSeek’s announcement, but it seems to be that DeepSeek is only causing more optimism in the long run for many AI companies. This is because cost has been a big problem for AI companies, and if they can make progress on this front, it will let AI companies make much more powerful models with the existing hardware they have.
DeepSeek is open source, so most AI companies can learn from its efficiency and integrate it. Moreover, companies and VCs are still willing to put money into AI companies and are doubling down on their bets. This likely means that AI companies will be able to make even more progress in the long run.
The real action has been spreading into many AI companies beyond the familiar names. Plus, we’re seeing the rise of agentic AI. These stocks crushed the market last year, and despite the DeepSeek catalyst this year, they are still doing well.
Methodology
For this article, I screened the top-performing AI stocks year-to-date. Stocks that I have covered recently will be excluded from this list.
I will also mention the number of hedge fund investors in these stocks. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds invest in? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points. (see more details here).
An educational administrator reviewing the assessment system in an office environment.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q3 2024: 1
Boxlight Corp (NASDAQ:BOXL) is a tech company that makes products for education. They sell things like interactive displays, whiteboards, and auto systems for classrooms. They also have digital signage and STEM products like 3D printers and robotics kits.
The stock has jumped significantly so far in 2025. The recent rally was sparked by Microsoft’s announcement that it will be investing $80 billion into AI and data center development this year. Some of this spending could spill into Boxlight Corp.
Apart from that announcement, Boxlight unified its global display brand as Clevertouch by Boxlight and launched the IMPACT Max 2 interactive panel. It also partnered with CrisisGo for integrated school safety.
Q3 2024 results showed that net loss fell to $3.1 million, compared to $17.8 million in Q3 2023, and a positive adjusted EBITDA of $2.2 million. Q3 revenue came in at $36.3 million, down 26.9%, and it had $10.5 million in cash.
The consensus price target of $1 implies 18% upside potential.
BOXL stock is up 111.75% year-to-date.
Overall BOXL ranks 1st on our list of the AI stocks that are skyrocketing so far in 2025. While we acknowledge the potential of BOXL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than BOXL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: Why These 15 Stocks Are Skyrocketing in 2025 and 10 Hottest Smid-Cap Stocks So Far In 2025
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
80,2025-02-02,"A Wall Street Journal opinion piece titled, 'The Dumbest Trade War in History' really got under Donald's thin-skin, so he took to Truth Social to rant against the paper while admitting that we may feel some pain from his trade war.
""The “Tariff Lobby,” headed by the Globalist, and always wrong, Wall Street Journal, is working hard to justify Countries like Canada, Mexico, China, and too many others to name, continue the decades long RIPOFF OF AMERICA, both with regard to TRADE, CRIME, AND POISONOUS DRUGS that are allowed to so freely flow into AMERICA,"" he scribbled. ""THOSE DAYS ARE OVER!""
""The USA has major deficits with Canada, Mexico, and China (and almost all countries!), owes 36 Trillion Dollars, and we’re not going to be the “Stupid Country” any longer,"" It continued. ""MAKE YOUR PRODUCT IN THE USA AND THERE ARE NO TARIFFS! Why should the United States lose TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS IN SUBSIDIZING OTHER COUNTRIES, and why should these other countries pay a small fraction of the cost of what USA citizens pay for Drugs and Pharmaceuticals, as an example?""
""THIS WILL BE THE GOLDEN AGE OF AMERICA!"" he added. ""WILL THERE BE SOME PAIN? YES, MAYBE (AND MAYBE NOT!). BUT WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, AND IT WILL ALL BE WORTH THE PRICE THAT MUST BE PAID. WE ARE A COUNTRY THAT IS NOW BEING RUN WITH COMMON SENSE — AND THE RESULTS WILL BE SPECTACULAR!!!""
Similarly, Leon Musk agreed that Donald's mass deportations will affect the economy:
Elon Musk appears to agree that Trump's plans to mass deport and fire government employees will at least initially cause:-a market ""tumble""-more debt-artificially suppressed wages-a ""severe overreaction in the economy."" pic.twitter.com/hOdUBadJK2
— Aaron Blake (@AaronBlake) October 29, 2024
Donald has only been in office for two weeks, and his term is already a shitshow. He's breaking the free trade law that he signed in 2020. Egg prices are soaring, 2 fatal air disasters and the stock market plummeted after his White House Press Secretary announced his tariffs. There will be a food shortage after Donald's mass deportation, and construction costs will soar. And that's just the short list. MAGA!
I'll leave this here:
The most surreal and maddening feature of the campaign was that everyone agreed that high prices were the main issue but the guy explicitly, consistently running on a platform of raising everyone’s prices won voters most concerned about high prices. 
We hammered this time and time again and yet.
— Chris Hayes (@chrislhayes.bsky.social) 2025-02-02T13:36:27.124Z
For over 20 years we have been exposing Washington lies and untangling media deceit, but social media is limiting our ability to attract new readers. Please give a one-time or recurring donation, or buy a year's subscription for an ad-free experience. Thank you.
To become an ad-free subscriber please select one of the following two options. Once you click your selected plan a window will open taking you to Admiral, our ad-free partner.
If you don't mind the ads and would rather donate, please select one of the options below:"
81,2025-02-02,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
Published onFebruary 2, 2025
When a new smartphone launches, we often spend a lot of time talking about its internal hardware specs and what it can do that most other phones cannot. However, the first thing anyone ever notices about a phone is how it looks, and that has a significant bearing on how we feel about it, which is just as important as what it can do for us.
Over the past 15 years, we’ve seen some truly stunning phone designs. Today, smartphones might seem to be mostly boring rectangles, but that hasn’t always been the case. Occasionally, companies create a work of art that just so happens to act as a phone, and we want to celebrate them here!
Keep in mind that many of the devices below were beautiful while also being great phones in general. Others looked incredible but were mediocre devices overall. This list is only focused on looks, though, so we’re ignoring all that. If the phone’s gorgeous, it belongs on this list!
The Nextbit Robin is a very unusual-looking phone, but that lines up with its unusual backstory. In 2015, Nextbit launched a Kickstarter for the Robin, pitching it as a cloud-based phone that would rely as little as possible on internal storage. The company saw an overwhelming response, with funding hitting $1 million in just two weeks.
Around the time the phone started shipping, though, the initial response to its performance was tepid. Still, in 2017, Razer ended up buying Nextbit and immediately shutting down sales and production of the Robin. The first Razer Phone would launch shortly thereafter, which took all the joyful design elements of the Robin and Razer-ified them (read: turned everything black and green).
The Razer Phone (and its eventual successor, the Razer Phone 2) failed to win an audience. Razer abandoned the mobile market shortly thereafter, essentially killing off Robin in the process.
While the phone itself didn’t win us over, the design certainly did. The two-tone back, playful aquamarine color scheme, color-matched accessories, and even the subtle tweaks to Android made the Robin a joy to use (or even just look at on your desk). It’s a shame companies today don’t seem to take many design risks or prioritize synergy across all elements of the phone as Nextbit did.
Older smartphone fans who saw the title of this article immediately knew the HTC One M7 would be here. The design of the M7 has achieved legendary status to the point that you can’t even talk about the general idea of smartphone design without bringing it up. It’s like the Blade Runner of smartphones.
What can be said about the M7 that hasn’t already been said? Its all-metal, unibody design is not only gorgeous but also a technical marvel. Its dual front-facing speakers were wonderful, and its slightly curvy back made it a joy to hold.
It also was a terrific phone. HTC’s Sense Android skin was lovely, and its BlinkFeed home screen setup was intuitive and useful. The camera hardware was great (for the time, obviously), and its Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 processor was plenty fast for 2013.
Really, the only thing that was missing from the HTC One M7 was wireless charging, which the metal design prohibited. Other than that, it might just have been the perfect Android phone, both in form and in function.
Over the past few years, the smartphone industry has moved away from curvy displays. They are less durable, less practical for swipe navigation gestures, and are more difficult to protect with a screen protector. But in 2016, curvy displays were just coming up, and the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge was the first “wow” phone to have one.
Unlike previous “Edge” devices from Samsung, the Galaxy S7 Edge was curvy all around. The corners, front, sides, and even the back all had curves. This made it feel smooth and premium in your hand, like a precious jewel.
It was also a great phone and the perfect comeback from the lackluster Galaxy S6 series. It reinvigorated Samsung’s smartphone sales and helped further differentiate the Galaxy S family from its chief rival, the iPhone.
Of course, curvy phones are out of trend at the moment, so we likely won’t see anything like this again soon. But The Galaxy S7 Edge will always be remembered fondly for its stunning design if nothing else.
When the Google Pixel 5 launched in 2020, Google’s smartphone division was in hot water. The Pixel 4 had been an unmitigated sales disaster, enough so that the entire Pixel line was in serious jeopardy. The Pixel 5 was a reinvention of the Pixel brand (not the first, and not the last). Overall, it went just OK during its retail run, but time has been quite kind to the Pixel 5 thanks to its small form factor, ingenious design elements, and playful aesthetic.
The thing that really makes the Pixel 5 a marvel is the fact that it’s made of metal but still supports wireless charging. Google made this possible by using a unique “mesh” alloy with gaps just large enough for the wireless power transmission to be successful.
This unique construction made the Pixel 5 feel premium and far more durable than any glass sandwich phone could hope to be. Its small size and absolutely gorgeous Sorta Sage colorway only enhanced its standing as one of the best-looking phones of the year.
Unfortunately, Google made a big bet with the Pixel 5 that didn’t pan out: opting for a mid-range processor instead of the typical flagship CPU one would expect with a mainline Pixel. This was a one-off, as the Pixel 6 once again reinvented the brand entirely and introduced the Tensor chipset we still see in Pixels today.
The real question, though, is why Google hasn’t tried to bring that beautiful unibody metal design to any other phones?
For many, the OnePlus 9 series was the last release from the “old” OnePlus, meaning before Carl Pei left and the company was folded directly into OPPO. If you agree, what a phone to go out on, as the OnePlus 9 Pro, in particular, is one of the most beautiful smartphones we’ve ever seen.
The mirrored finish of the Morning Mist colorway was especially stunning. It would appear to change color in a certain light, making it a phone you would loathe to confine to a case. The Forest Green version was also quite breathtaking, and even the standard Stellar Black looked positively classy.
The phone itself was also the best thing we had seen from the company up until that point. It had the most powerful processor at the time, a camera system that was a step up for OnePlus (a brand that is notorious for cutting corners in the camera department whenever it can), and what was indisputably one of the best displays of the year.
“Old” OnePlus might be gone, but the OnePlus 9 Pro will forever be remembered as its most beautiful creation.
The Essential Phone was one of the most exciting releases in the history of Android. It had the notable pedigree of being the brainchild of the grandfather of Android itself, Andy Rubin. It had a unique titanium and ceramic build that made it feel both like a tank and a work of art. It had an edge-to-edge screen, too, that was the first to carry a notch at the top.
These qualities made the one and only phone from Essential Products a real head-turner. The fact that it came with a nearly stock version of Android that received updates faster than Pixels on some days made it an Android lover’s dream.
Unfortunately, the phone was far from perfect. The camera left a lot to be desired, both from hardware and software viewpoints. Essential also made the huge mistake of making the phone exclusive to Sprint. Remember, this was back in the days when buying phones unlocked wasn’t very common. Even back then, Sprint was struggling to retain customers, which left the Essential Phone high and dry for sales.
A massive price cut didn’t save the phone, and Essential eventually canceled the planned launch of the Phone 2. Regardless, we’ll always remember the Essential Phone as representing what could be possible if a company really put some thought behind its smartphone design.
Android fans have always had a love/hate relationship with Sony. While most Android fans would agree that Sony makes incredible phones, they are usually overpriced, difficult to get, and have such a poor support commitment from Sony that it’s hard to stomach actually buying one.
If you look past all that, though, you gotta admit that Sony has designed some real bangers over the years, and the Xperia XZ1 is one of them. Its focus on symmetry and details really set it apart from the crowd when it launched in 2017.
The Xperia XZ1 was made of a wraparound metal chassis, giving it an ultra-premium feel. It was also one of the earliest phones to have an HDR display, making it look terrific while it lay inert on your desk and also when you were actually using it.
An honorable mention here is the Xperia XZ1 Compact, which, as its name implies, was a smaller version of this phone. That device was also amazing from a design standpoint and makes us long for the days when “compact” phones were still a thing.
The Galaxy Note line ended in 2020 with the launch of the Galaxy Note 20 and Galaxy Note 20 Ultra. Note phones were then swallowed up by the Galaxy S line in 2022 when Samsung launched the Galaxy S22 Ultra, which was a Note phone by a different name.
Before all that went down, though, we saw the Samsung Galaxy Note 10 series launch, which included the Galaxy Note 10 Plus. While we could argue all day which Note phone was the best overall (probably the Note 9, honestly), the Note 10 Plus stands as the most beautiful, especially the Aura Glow variant you see here.
Like the OnePlus 9 Pro mentioned previously on this list, the mirror-like back of the Aura Glow model changed colors in various lighting conditions, giving it a gorgeous and dynamic look. The curved sides also refracted light in a slightly different way, making it so the phone always had a “frame” around it — truly stunning stuff.
The Note 10 Plus was also an amazing phone, even if its price increase compared to the Galaxy Note 9 made it seem like Samsung was getting greedy. Still, no list of the most beautiful smartphones ever would be complete without this one.
Before Google launched the Pixel line, it partnered with other smartphone brands to create Nexus phones. These phones launched with stock Android and received software updates faster than most others, making them a prequel to Pixels, of sorts.
One such phone was the Nexus 4, produced by LG (back when LG still made phones, RIP). While most people reading this who remember the Nexus days would probably agree that the HUAWEI-made Nexus 6P was probably the peak of the Nexus series, few could argue that the Nexus 4 wasn’t one of the prettiest phones they’ve ever seen.
 
The most notable aspect of the device was its glass back, which featured tiny star-like dots across an intricate matrix. It made it look like the phone literally sparkled in the light, which was mesmerizing and just flat-out awesome.
It’s unfortunate that the Nexus line eventually came to an end, and even more unfortunate that LG exited the game completely. However, we’ll always look back on the Nexus 4 with a big ol’ smile.
We mentioned earlier how the Pixel 4 almost doomed the entire Pixel line. There are many reasons for that: Google’s big misguided bet on Soli (a radar system that allowed for gimmicky hand gesture controls), the lack of a fingerprint scanner, the lack of an ultrawide lens, and pricing that left a lot of consumers turning up their noses.
One thing that wasn’t at all a problem with the Pixel 4 series, though, was how the phones looked. Because man, they were hot.
We’re specifically calling out the XL version here, but both it and the vanilla Pixel 4 were lookers. The matte rails were awesome both for aesthetics and grip, and the orange power button really stood out. If you like orange, the Oh So Orange model was just for you, which was probably the boldest statement in smartphones we’ve ever seen.
The Pixel 4 may have been a sales failure, but it could never be a failure when it comes to design.
Which of these phones do you think is the most beautiful? Is there a beautiful smartphone we didn’t include on this list? Let us know your thoughts in the poll below and be sure to hit the comments with your thoughts!"
82,2025-02-02,"

					The Economic Collapse
				


				Are You Prepared For The Coming Economic Collapse And The Next Great Depression?
			
Do they know something that we do not?  All of a sudden, hedge funds are betting billions of dollars that the stock market is going to crash.  If they are wrong, they will lose a ton of money, but if they are correct they will make absolutely enormous profits.  So why are they feeling so confident that a stock market collapse is in our future?  Without a doubt, the real economy has been moving in the wrong direction for quite some time, but for years there have been relentless efforts to keep the financial markets propped up.  Could it be possible that there is a scenario in which the financial markets will simply be allowed to fail at some point?
What we are witnessing at this moment is truly strange.  We are being told that hedge funds are “making a multi-billion-dollar gamble” that there will be a “massive market crash”…
Hedge funds are making a multi-billion-dollar gamble against the US economy, betting Donald Trump’s presidency will result in a massive market crash that could devastate 401(k)s, pensions, and household savings across America.
The big hedge funds consistently make money because they are right most of the time.
So the fact that they are anticipating some sort of a crash is extremely alarming.
According to Goldman Sachs, the amount of money being poured into short bets is absolutely staggering…
Data from Goldman Sachs show there has been a surge in “short” bets against US stocks, meaning traders will make money when they fall in value, in a sign of growing concerns about the market.
In January, investors have placed 10 times more bets on US stocks falling than equivalent bets that shares in leading American companies would rise, the investment bank said.
As I noted earlier, if the hedge funds are wrong they stand to lose big.
But if they are right, the are poised to “make hundreds of millions from a stock market collapse”…
And while hedge fund billionaires stand to make hundreds of millions from a stock market collapse, the real victims of this financial gamble could be everyday American investors.
Millions of workers rely on their 401(k)s and pension funds to secure their futures. Yet, as hedge funds place enormous bets on a Wall Street wipeout, these savings accounts could be the next to suffer.
It certainly won’t take much to push the financial markets over the edge.
Those that are propping up simply need to stand aside.
So why would they do such a thing?
Perhaps the goal would be to send a message to President Trump that they don’t like the tariffs that he is imposing…
President Trump on Saturday signed an executive order that imposes 25% tariffs on imports from Canada and Mexico, while adding an additional 10% levy on goods from China. Canada responded hours later with retaliatory tariffs of its own, while Mexico said it was also planning to issue tariffs on the U.S. as well.
China’s commerce secretary said that China would challenge the tariffs through the World Trade Organization, according to Reuters, claiming that the move “seriously violates” WTO rules.
In an ominous post on Twitter, Harvard Professor Jason Furman suggested that Trump would soon be forced to back off because of what will happen to the financial markets…
Less than 2 weeks in and 25% tariffs our close allies + 10% on China.
Plus a (credible) promise that they will go even higher when there is (inevitable) retaliation.
It’s hard to decide if this is worse economic policy or foreign policy.
We’ll see if Trump caves to the market.
Does Furman know something?
It is certainly true that these tariffs will be disruptive.
At this stage, even President Trump is admitting that these tariffs could cause “some pain”…
President Donald Trump warned there could be “some pain” after signing executive orders that imposed stark tariffs on imports from Canada and Mexico and a 10% duty on imports from China, targeting three of America’s key trade partners.
“THIS WILL BE THE GOLDEN AGE OF AMERICA! WILL THERE BE SOME PAIN? YES, MAYBE (AND MAYBE NOT!)” Trump wrote in an all-caps post on Truth Social Sunday morning defending the tariffs. “BUT WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, AND IT WILL ALL BE WORTH THE PRICE THAT MUST BE PAID.”
In response to the tariffs that we have slapped them with, the Canadians have decided to impose high tariffs on many of our goods…
Outgoing Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said late on Saturday that Canada will respond by placing 25% counter-tariffs on C$155 billion ($107 billion) worth of American-made products, with items including beer, wine, bourbon, fruits, fruit juices, vegetables, clothes, perfume, household appliances, plastic, and lumber subject to tariffs. Hilariously, Canada is going especially hard after alcohol produced in Republican states…
If this trade war goes on for an extended period of time, there will be very serious consequences all over North America.
But Mexico and Canada will feel more pain than we do…
As the first North American trade war begins, some analysts say Mexico and Canada stand to lose more than the United States. The impact on those economies of a three-way tariff conflict could be several times larger than in the United States, which is much less dependent on trade, according to an analysis by S&P Global Ratings.
Mexican manufacturers in the auto and electrical equipment sectors could see significant output declines once tariffs take hold, according to a S&P Global Ratings analysis.
In Canada, the biggest losers are likely to be makers of paper products, rubber and plastics.
If you live in Mexico or Canada, brace yourself, because economic conditions are about to change very rapidly.
Interestingly, all of this economic uncertainty has caused the price of gold to spike, and it has also created “a lucrative arbitrage opportunity” for the big banks…
Fears of imminent tariffs on imports following the election of US President Donald Trump have caused prices for gold futures on Comex to surge over spot prices in London. Spot prices shot to record highs this week, but the additional premium on Comex has created a lucrative arbitrage opportunity for the handful of banks that can quickly fly bullion between key trading hubs.
One of the big banks that is taking advantage of this “lucrative arbitrage opportunity” is JPMorgan…
JPMorgan Chase & Co. will deliver gold bullion valued at more than $4 billion against futures contracts in New York in February, at a time when surging prices and the threat of import tariffs are fueling a worldwide dash to ship metal to the US.
We were warned that economic chaos would be coming, and now it is here.
And the large hedge funds are lining up to profit from it.
It has been said that if you want to know what is really going on, just follow the money.
In this case, it is telling us that enormous turmoil is on the horizon.
Michael’s new book entitled “Why” is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com, and you can subscribe to his Substack newsletter at michaeltsnyder.substack.com.

About the Author: Michael Snyder’s new book entitled “Why” is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com. He has also written eight other books that are available on Amazon.com including “Chaos”, “End Times”, “7 Year Apocalypse”, “Lost Prophecies Of The Future Of America”, “The Beginning Of The End”, and “Living A Life That Really Matters”.  When you purchase any of Michael’s books you help to support the work that he is doing.  You can also get his articles by email as soon as he publishes them by subscribing to his Substack newsletter.  Michael has published thousands of articles on The Economic Collapse Blog, End Of The American Dream and The Most Important News, and he always freely and happily allows others to republish those articles on their own websites.  These are such troubled times, and people need hope.  John 3:16 tells us about the hope that God has given us through Jesus Christ: “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”  If you have not already done so, we strongly urge you to invite Jesus Christ to be your Lord and Savior today.



















"
83,2025-02-02," 5 Series
Home » The New BMW 523i Touring For Japan Has Just 188 Horsepower
   Adrian Padeanu  
 February 2, 2025  /  2 minutes read
BMW launched the 5 Series Touring in Japan last year when the G61 initially arrived as a 523d model. Then, at the end of 2024, the M5 G99 hit the market, and now the family is growing again. At the bottom of the lineup, the 523i makes do with just 188 horsepower (140 kilowatts) from its turbocharged 2.0-liter gasoline engine.
In reality, the four-cylinder mill has even less power since BMW mentions that the output also includes the extra oomph from the mild-hybrid 48V setup. The new 523i Touring for the Land of the Rising Sun has a combined system torque of 310 Nm (229 lb-ft). It’s certainly not the most athletic wagon you can buy from Bavaria, considering the relatively low output and curb weight of 1,810 kilograms (3,990 pounds).

In recent years, an even less powerful 5 Series was available. The previous-generation G30 model was sold in certain markets as a 520i with a downsized “B48” engine. BMW reduced displacement to 1.6 liters and lowered output to 168 hp, or 20 hp less than the latest 523i. Torque was also lower, at just 250 Nm (184 lb-ft), 60 Nm (44 lb-ft) less than this car.
BMW Japan sells the luxury estate in an Exclusive specification for 8,400,000 yen, or $54,100. Upgrade to the M Sport model, and you’ll pay 9,100,000 yen ($58,600). Those driving many miles on the highway will find the diesel engine the wiser choice. The 523d Touring commands a premium of 500,000 yen ($3,200) over the equivalent 523i. It’s more powerful, at 194 hp and 400 Nm (295 lb-ft).
The flagship M5 Touring is more than double the price of the base 523i wagon, as the beefy G99 starts at an eye-watering 19,980,000 yen. Japanese buyers are spoiled for choice since the large premium wagon is also sold in fully electric versions. The i5 eDrive40 costs 10,400,000 yen ($67,000), and the i5 M60 sets you back 16,500,000 yen ($103,100).
BMW dealers are already taking orders for the 523i Touring and will begin to ship cars in March.
Photos: BMW Japan

Popular this week
You may also like
More from 5 Series
Videos
  
2025 BMWBLOG | Change consent
BMWBLOG is an independent, privately-owned publication. While we may receive advertising revenue and attend BMW-hosted press events, our editorial content remains independent and is not endorsed by BMW. The views expressed are solely those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of BMW of North America, LLC, BMW AG, or their subsidiaries."
84,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Bold Predictions About 10 Tech Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other stocks about which Jim Cramer has made bold predictions.
The DeepSeek selloff which occurred earlier this week gave Jim Cramer plenty to talk about. It saw one of his most frequently mentioned stocks, the GPU firm responsible for making AI chips, lose nearly $600 billion in value during a single day of trading. Other stocks exposed to data center spending didn’t fare well either, and cumulatively, these stocks lost a trillion dollars of market value.
As investors pondered whether the billions of dollars in AI spending would actually materialize, Cramer discussed the potential offered by the firm’s latest Blackwell AI GPUs. The debate surrounding low AI costs primarily centers around large language models (LLMs), and Cramer believes that the firm’s CEO is focused on the bigger picture.
According to him:
“Remember, Blackwell, which is the current iteration, Blackwell’s about video. It’s just about video. And video is incredibly important. Because video is the ability to make it so that the robots work. Robots do not work on the current one. And I think robots are the next frontier. So I don’t think necessarily that uh . . . . Elon Musk, who may be focused on many different things, that Elon Musk says I don’t wanna buy [the AI GPUs]”As DeepSeek wreaked havoc on the stock market, Cramer also shared his thoughts about the model. The CNBC TV show host shared that he “tried to do a couple of, I tried to get it to give me Netflix’s performance from 2010. And it says I can’t do that. Well I mean, honestly? I can do that.” Cramer remained skeptical about the authenticity of the data that DeepSeek had shared. According to him “The difference here I think is that, if we really think that they are playing by American rules and they’re telling us everything, then maybe that’s why we keep seeing such a great number, a growth number from the Chinese economy.”
One particular DeepSeek feature that he was quick to note was censorship. Chinese social media and technology platforms cannot provide users with information critical of the government or the state narrative. When Cramer asked DeepSeek “What famous picture has a man with grocery bags in front of a tank?” the model initially replied by stating “the famous picture you are referring to, Tank Man, unknown rebel, June 5, 1989,” he shared. While this was all good, he added the model then “takes that back and says sorry, can’t help you with that. And then secondarily it says sorry that’s beyond my current scope.”
On the topic of AI and technology, the AI PC cycle has also left Cramer disappointed. Cramer shared that while business uses for AI had materialized, on the consumer side, demand hasn’t materialized. “The PC, I thought we were all gonna upgrade. And now we’re all in wait-and-see mode,” he shared in a recent appearance.
One particular business AI use case that has impressed Cramer is healthcare. According to him:
“I think that what we’re not thinking about, like when I went to Jensen Huang’s panel on healthcare. It’s so much bigger than anything involving AI PC. I mean they’re really just talking about having the data to really attack every single disease and changing it from fatal to maintenance. You have tremendous number of people involved in trying to do that. Then you have Stripe there working with [the GPU company] to be able to do something revolutionary in finance. And then you have the banks working doing some revolutionary things trying to get people who’re doing S1s. . . .”
To compile our list of Jim Cramer’s bold predictions about tech stocks, we scanned the stocks he mentioned in Mad Money and Squawk on the Street in September 2024. Then, we picked out stocks with tech exposure and ranked them by the number of hedge funds that had bought the shares in Q3 2024.
For these stocks, we also mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds invest in? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points. (see more details here).
A development team working together to create the next version of Windows.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders In Q3 2024: 279
Date of Cramer’s Comments: 09-04-24
Performance Since Then: 1.36%
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is the most valuable software company in the world. While it was one of the earliest beneficiaries of the AI wave, since June last year, the shares have been downbeat. Investors have fretted about Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)’s ability to rapidly generate AI profits to recover the billions of dollars it has invested in the technology. Since Cramer’s comments, the stock is up by just 1.36% after having lost 6% following its Q4 earnings that disappointed with cloud guidance. Here’s what Cramer said in September:
“Stocks can’t stabilize until these weak shareholders sell out. History shows that significant market drops like this tend to offer great buying opportunities. Microsoft lost $178 billion in market cap on March 16th, 2020, but went on to surge 202%, compared to a 131% gain for the S&P 500 over the same period.”
Overall, MSFT ranks 2nd on our list of stocks about which Jim Cramer has made bold predictions. While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MSFT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
One beaten-down growth stock is poised for a massive comeback. Here's why this company's future looks brighter than ever.
Combing through the holdings of billionaire investors can be a great way for retail investors to find great stocks to buy.  Two of the more notable investors one could choose to follow are Howard Marks of Oaktree Capital Management and David Tepper of Appaloosa Management.  During one 25-year stretch of his career, Marks earned annualized returns of 23%, while over a 30-year run, Tepper earned annualized returns of 28%.
Industrywide growth fell below initial expectations, with some EV stocks falling in value by 50% or more.  When it comes to chasing growth, Lucid Motors (NASDAQ: LCID) is king right now.  Many EV makers are struggling to grow, and some are seeing their sales growth rates plateau.
Offshore Technology spoke to Julian Schwartzkopff from the German non-profit Deutsche Umwelthilfe about the pressing need to control the levels of methane entering the atmosphere.
Long-term care costs like nursing home care can quickly drain retirement savings. Medicare provides little help paying these bills, but Medicaid can cover nursing home costs for those who meet strict financial eligibility rules. Certain strategies like special trusts, home equity transfers and annuities can help meet those eligibility rules and protect assets like your […] The post Can a Nursing Home Take Our Savings? We Have a $250k IRA, a House and Other Assets appeared first on SmartReads by
Some say the stock is worth only $1.50 a share.
The cryptocurrency has surged 500% over the past year, with investors hoping that the legal issues plaguing XRP will soon end.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Global markets buckled up for a turbulent session on Monday after U.S. President Donald Trump launched a trade war with sweeping tariffs on Canada, Mexico and China that threaten to undermine economic growth and reignite inflation.  Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced plans for retaliatory tariffs on imports of goods from the United States, the first of which also would take effect on Tuesday.
(Bloomberg) -- Having lived with the risk of a US-led trade war for weeks, financial markets reopened Monday needing to deal with the reality.Most Read from BloombergNew York’s First ‘Passive House’ School Is a Model of Downtown DensityWhen French Communists Went on a Brutalist Building BoomTrump Paves the Way to Deputize Local Police on ImmigrationHow the 2025 Catholic Jubilee Is Reshaping RomeHistoric London Elevator Faces Last Stop in Labour’s Housing PushInvestors favored the US dollar in ea
There are plenty of metrics that GE Aerospace (NYSE: GE) investors should keep an eye on in 2025, but the key one is the operating margin for its commercial engines and services (CES) segment.  Based on 2024 numbers, the CES segment produces 6.6 times the profit of the company's other segment, defense & propulsion technologies (DPT), and its operating profit margin guides the company's bottom line.  It's essential to understand the dynamics of the CES margin.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
85,2025-02-02,"In a show celebrating the biggest names in music, the star of the night was the city of Los Angeles. 
The historic fires that tore through Los Angeles became the theme of this year's Grammys. Reminders of the tragedy seeped into the musical performances and donation drives for relief efforts throughout the show. 
There were questions over whether the ceremony, the ""Oscars for Music,"" would go on as planned on Sunday after its host city saw its most devastating fire disaster ever recorded - blazes that were only fully doused on Friday after burning for 24 days. 
The week of glitzy parties and events that typically mark Grammys week were cancelled. Even the hallmark rowdy after-parties were axed. 
In the end, it became a moment of perseverance for the city - the epicentre of entertainment - and a chance to shed light on the intense need for those who have lost homes and loved ones. 
Twenty-nine people have died and more than 16,000 homes and businesses have been destroyed - with whole neighbourhoods now ash. Many artists and industry professionals are among those who lost homes, studios and equipment. 
The awards opened with a special performance by the Los Angeles band Dawes, two brothers whose homes were destroyed in the recent wildfires.
The duo were joined on stage by former Grammy winners including Sheryl Crow, John Legend, Brad Paisley and Brittany Howard to perform Randy Newman's classic song I Love LA.
After the performance, Dawes - brothers Taylor and Griffin Goldsmith - reflected on this moment for the city and how they'd become LA's unofficial ambassadors in the fire aftermath. 
""For a lot of musicians, you sort of feel helpless to not know how to help,"" they said. ""We really wanted to get involved, and so this really was a very proud moment for us.""
They noted they'd never been to the Grammys and now they helped open the show.
""It's wild to think about our childhood dreams meeting up with an opportunity to help our communities and at such a tragic moment.""
Throughout the evening, multiple performances provided a nod to the area.  
Bruno Mars and Lady Gaga sang a powerful rendition of the Mamas & the Papas classic California Dreamin'. During a segment honouring the late Quincy Jones, Stevie Wonder sang We Are the World with a choir of students from two schools lost in the fires.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers, a band synonymous with LA, also took the stage to mark the evening. The Grammys audience sang along with Chad Smith and Anthony Kiedis in an impromptu performance of their hit ""Under the Bridge"" - about Los Angeles. 
LA firefighters also took the stage during the show. Los Angeles County Fire Chief Anthony Marrone spoke before the group and told the audience: ""I am confident that we will recover and rebuild together, because we are LA strong."" 
Then firefighters presented the biggest award of the night - album of the year - with Beyoncé winning the elusive honour after four losses in the category over the years. 
Nearly every commercial break during the show included a nod to the fires that happened here. Footage of burned down neighbourhoods or an inside look at a skate shop or small business that was destroyed in the blazes. 
Host Trevor Noah made mention of the fundraising effort throughout the show - acknowledging big donations that were made. He noted at one point during the broadcast that at least $7 million (£5.7m) had been donated thus far. 
Much of the red carpet was plastered with fundraising signs and backdrops with QR codes to a Grammys website where people can donate. 
As celebrities strolled along the red carpet, groups of firefighters and first responders also took their walk before the media. 
They were greeted by loud applause and thank yous from everyone they passed. Many smiled and took selfies in their uniforms, some even nabbing pictures with celebrities.
One firefighter's jaw dropped when he saw the Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi and they took a picture together.
Los Angeles County Fire Captain Joshua Swaney walked alongside fellow firefighters on the red carpet. He told the BBC that while it was a phenomenal experience being honoured at the event, it was a helpful reminder for the rest of the world that LA is still reeling. 
""This is definitely not what we're used to. That's for sure. It's been a humbling experience to be a part of this,"" he said. ""We are here making sure that people know that there's so much more to Los Angeles than just what's currently happening right now."" 
The Recording Academy, which runs the show, had said the show was needed more than ever. 
Showrunners sought to strike the right tone honouring the victims of the fire and displaying a defiant Los Angeles that will persevere. But there was concern the optics of rich celebrities dolled up with smiles on a red carpet could come off as tone deaf. 
Recording Academy CEO Harvey Mason Jr. highlighted the economic impact, noting that thousands rely on Grammy-related work, particularly in the service industry. He framed the event as a symbol of resilience, arguing that cancelling would not benefit the city or music industry.
""Cancelling, pushing, moving does not accomplish what us standing together"" does, Mr Mason argued in a webcast before the show. The show will be ""unifying and coming together, honouring music, but also using the power of music to heal, rebuild and provide services to people who need it"".
""I think this might be one of the most important Grammy weeks we've ever had."" 
Mr Mason told the New York Times that they consulted a range of public officials about whether they should hold the event - including the city's mayor and California Governor Gavin Newsom - and whether it would hinder fire response efforts. 
""They strongly suggested that we continue forward with hosting the event,"" he told the outlet. ""Everyone said there's nothing good that comes from postponing.""
But there were still worries that the night will be a bad look for the music industry.
""I actually don't think that the Grammys should be happening,"" Elyn Kazarian, a creative director in the music industry, told the BBC.
""It's just very weird to me that there are going to be celebrities on a red carpet wearing expensive clothes while people in other parts of the city are suffering and whose livelihoods have been destroyed.""
This is not the first time a major disruption has impacted the music industry's biggest night.
In 2021, the show was postponed due to Covid-19 and was significantly altered to accommodate safety protocols. It featured a socially distanced format, with no live audience and pre-recorded performances in an intimate outdoor setting rather than the usual large-scale arena production. 
Artists had to adjust to a new way of promoting their music, relying on digital platforms rather than in-person Grammy week events, which were either cancelled or moved online.
""I wouldn't necessarily compare the COVID pandemic to what's happening here,"" senior music writer for Variety, Steven J Horowitz, told the BBC. ""COVID lasted for so long and the effects were devastating for years. People had to cancel major releases, and everything shifted to a digital space.""
He said the fires are different. 
""The industry has reacted in real time. It's not as widespread as a worldwide pandemic, so people are a little more flexible on how to properly react and help those affected,"" he said.
Artist Manager Dani Chavez told the BBC that the fires have affected many people working in LA's music industry.
""I know multiple musicians who lost their gear"", Chavez said. ""I know stylists who work in music who lost their houses, who had costumes and whatnot. I know musicians who are born and raised in LA who lost their house.""
There is also a ripple effect in the industry on those not personally impacted by the fires.
The week of events typically held before the show, which were cancelled this year to help with fundraising efforts instead, helps new musicians and allows them to break out in a crowded market - getting time with top executives and those at major record labels.
""Visibility is very important for artists,"" Mr Horowitz told the BBC. 
""Say you're a Best New Artist nominee who is relatively unknown to the public - being on these platforms and at these parties is a really big look if you're trying to get your music out in front of the industry. It really does help.""
One of the most sought-after parties is Spotify's event honouring the nominees for Best New Artist of the year. It is half party, half concert, with previous nominees showcasing their new music, and celebrities from all parts of the entertainment industry there to celebrate.
Following the fires, Spotify chose to cancel this year's event.
""We've decided that the most impactful approach is cancelling all our Grammy Week events, including our annual Best New Artist party, and redirecting funds to support efforts to reach local fans and charitable organizations,"" Spotify's Global Head of Music Partnerships and Audience Joe Hadley wrote in an announcement.
The music industry and the Grammys are deeply rooted in Los Angeles, and though the city is going through a devastating period, it has reinforced a sense of community, especially in the music industry.
""Even if people lost everything, they still have hope. And I think that feeds into what we're going to see in the music industry in the future,"" Mr Horowitz said. ""People aren't going to flee Los Angeles because of this one thing. It's not going to stop L.A. from being one of the main hubs for music in the world."" 
The spread of disease, as well as delays to the development of vaccines and new treatments, could be affected by cuts to USAID.
In his third week back in office, Trump took action on issues from transgender competitors in women's sports to Gaza.
Nineteen state attorneys general sued the Trump administration after the Department of Government Efficiency (Doge) was given access.
Ahead of Kendrick Lamar's headline performance at the Super Bowl half-time show, we explore the rapper's journey from the streets of Compton to pop culture ubiquity.
A last-minute lawsuit means Trump's efforts to dismantle the overseas aid agency have been put on hold.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
86,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Latest AI News and Ratings on Investors' Radar. In this article, we are going to take a look at where RADCOM Ltd. (NASDAQ:RDCM) stands against the other AI stocks.
The rapid advancements in AI are reshaping the competitive landscape, challenging established business models, and redefining the role of computing power in innovation. DeepSeek’s R1 has emerged as a pivotal moment as it shows that cutting-edge AI can be developed with significantly lower costs and resources. This breakthrough not only disrupts traditional AI development strategies but also boosts global competition, especially between China and the U.S. As AI becomes more accessible, its impact extends beyond technology as it influences markets, regulations, and the future of open-source collaboration.
In an interview on Bloomberg: The China Show, Jen Zhu Scott, a venture capitalist at IN. Capital described DeepSeek’s R1 as a breakthrough in AI. She highlighted how DeepSeek has shifted AI development away from being dominated by a few large firms by making its research open source. The move has significantly lowered barriers by showing that high computing power isn’t always necessary to advance AI.
Scott explained that while the market initially reacted negatively to U.S. chip stocks, demand for certain chips may still rise as AI applications grow. She acknowledged skepticism about DeepSeek’s low costs but argued that even if expenses were significantly higher, the achievement is still substantial. She addressed speculation about access to advanced chips, dismissed conspiracy theories, and noted that larger firms with more resources haven't delivered similar breakthroughs.
Scott also critiqued U.S. technology restrictions and argued that they pushed Chinese companies toward greater efficiency and accelerated innovation. She pointed out that DeepSeek is not an isolated case, as several Chinese startups are advancing AI, which is increasing competition among domestic firms. This shift may lead to more open-source and affordable AI solutions, which benefit the broader global market, although U.S. investors may face short-term challenges.
For this article, we selected AI stocks by reviewing news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. We listed the stocks in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiment taken from Insider Monkey’s database of 900 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A professional technician using specialized tools to maintain a modern 5G cell tower.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 7
RADCOM Ltd. (NASDAQ:RDCM) offers cloud-native, 5G-ready network intelligence and service assurance solutions to telecom operators for enhanced network visibility and customer insights.
On January 29, RADCOM (NASDAQ:RDCM) announced that it has been recognized with the 2024 Fierce Network Innovation Award in the Network Test and Measurement category for its Virtual Drive Test solution. The solution uses advanced AI to reconstruct transportation routes and assess quality without relying on GPS data, improving customer experience insights while reducing environmental impact. It also improves engineering efficiency by gathering real-time data across different regions without the need for field engineers.
Overall RDCM ranks 9th on our list of the AI stocks on investors' radar. While we acknowledge the potential of RDCM as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than RDCM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
87,2025-02-02,
88,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s February Portfolio: Top 10 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) stands against other stocks in Jim Cramer’s February portfolio.
Jim Cramer in a latest program on CNBC talked about the importance of investing in companies with good management teams. Cramer said that sometimes struggling companies could be turned around because of smart leadership.
“I have to tell you, I do want more out of my stocks and just better than feared. I am tired of tech just sitting there and people arguing about it all the time. It’s getting boring to me. And that’s why I want to go far afield tonight and suggest that we look for the companies with the best new coaches, because we know a great new coach with a fresh look can easily turn around a company.”
Cramer then talked about several companies where strong leadership teams and intelligent CEOs turned around struggling businesses.
“Not all publicly traded companies are hostages to forces beyond their control, like a Chinese outfit we never heard of that has just made it so all we talk about is. Sometimes when you bring in a great new CEO, they can turn around the whole business, giving the investor spectacular gains, even when tech blinds us like mustard gas.”
READ ALSO: 7 Best Stocks to Buy For Long-Term and 8 Cheap Jim Cramer Stocks to Invest In
For this article we picked 10 stocks Jim Cramer talked about in his recent programs. With each stock, we have mentioned the number of hedge fund investors. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
Number of Hedge Fund Investors: 43
Jim Cramer in a latest lightning round program on CNBC mentioned Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) while answering a question about AppLovin and said the tech company, like Palantir, has no end in sight when it comes to stock performance. Cramer said both AppLovin and Palantir Technologies (NASDAQ:PLTR) will keep going higher.
“I’m going to give you a two-for-one—I’m going to say the same thing about Palantir. Palantir Technologies (NASDAQ:PLTR) and AppLovin should go get married,” Cramer said after praising AppLovin’s gains.”
Alger Mid Cap Focus Fund stated the following regarding Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) in its Q4 2024 investor letter:
“Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) builds advanced platforms for data integration, management, and security, enabling interactive, AI-assisted analysis for its users. Its core offerings include Palantir Gotham, designed for government clients, and Palantir Foundry, tailored for commercial customers. Originally focused on U.S. intelligence agencies, Palantir has expanded into defense contracts with western governments and entered the commercial market in 2016. During the quarter, shares contributed to performance after the company reported better-than-expected fiscal third quarter operating results, along with management raising its full year 2024 revenue guidance. Management noted that the recent launch of its AI platform (AIP), which leverages generative AI to optimize business operations, has driven significant growth and investor interest. Additionally, we believe Palantir could be a key partner for the U.S. government’s new Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE), as its AI-driven platforms are ideally suited to help identify inefficiencies, allocate resources effectively, and achieve cost reductions.”
Overall, PLTR ranks 6th on our list of stocks in Jim Cramer’s February portfolio. While we acknowledge the potential of PLTR, our conviction lies in the belief that under the radar AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than PLTR but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
89,2025-02-02,
90,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
By Jamie McGeever
(Reuters) - A look at the day ahead in Asian markets.
Asia kicks off what is likely to be a volatile day in global markets on Monday after President Donald Trump followed through on his threat to hit Mexico, Canada and China with tariffs on imports into the United States.
It will be fascinating to see how investors react to something they have known was coming and which is almost universally seen as damaging for economic growth and financial assets. They won't be surprised, but they will still be shocked.
A wave of 'risk off' sentiment sweeping over markets would bode ill for Asia, although Japanese government bonds might fare better.
Australian, Japanese and South Korean stock futures all pointed to lower opens on Monday, and bitcoin was last down 3%. The U.S. dollar is firmer across the board, leaping to a 22-year high against the Canadian dollar and dragging the euro closer to parity.
Gold is poised to push to new record highs, but U.S. Treasuries may be caught between the whoosh of safe-haven demand and worries about the inflationary effect of the tariffs.
The White House said the 25% duties on imports from Mexico and Canada, and 10% levy on Chinese goods, will come into effect February 2. It is unclear how long they will remain in place or what will see them lifted.
Canada has already retaliated, so all eyes are now on how China responds when the country reopens after the Lunar New Year holidays. An early indication of Beijing's intent and scale of market pressure could be the yuan's next fixing - it was last fixed on Jan. 27 at 7.17 per dollar, around its strongest in two and a half months.
Investors have broadly cheered Trump's agenda, betting that slashing taxes, government spending and regulation will juice the U.S. economy and stock markets. But most think his immigration and trade policies will hamper growth.
The tariffs on Mexico and Canada are particularly galling to many observers as these are two of America's strongest allies. The total duties coming into effect on Tuesday are on $1.3 trillion of goods, over 40% of all U.S. imports, and around three times the volume - mainly from China - targeted in his first presidency.
Deutsche Bank's George Saravelos says investors must ""structurally and significantly"" reprice the trade war risk premium, and analysts at Capital Economics warn that Canada and Mexico could plunge into recession, and U.S. inflation is going to rise sharply and quickly. If so, ""the window for the Fed to resume cutting interest rates at any point over the next 12 to 18 months just slammed shut.""
A more hawkish Fed and tighter U.S. monetary policy would be bad news for Asia and emerging markets. Time to buckle up.
Here are key developments that could provide more direction to markets on Monday:
- Reaction to U.S. tariffs
- China ""unofficial"" manufacturing PMI (January)
- Indonesia inflation (January)
(By Jamie McGeever; Editing by Diane Craft)
Sign in to access your portfolio"
91,2025-02-02,"
Manny Machado admitted Saturday he is ""disappointed"" the San Diego Padres haven't made any significant moves after losing players like Ha-Seong Kim and Tanner Scott to free agency this offseason.
""Are we disappointed we haven't made any moves? Yeah,"" Machado said (h/t Marty Caswell.) ""I think as a team, you look up there, and you're a little disappointed that we let some of the guys that were a core group here go elsewhere.""
Manny Machado ""Are we disappointed we haven't made any moves? Yeah"" <a href=""https://t.co/PxC5Y6afEf"">pic.twitter.com/PxC5Y6afEf</a>
The Padres were reportedly a frontrunner to sign star Japanese free agent Rōki Sasaki this offseason. Like Scott, Sasaki ultimately decided to sign with the divisional rival Los Angeles Dodgers.
Kim left to sign with the Tampa Bay Rays, and the Padres lost another part of the 2024 team when Jurickson Profar left to join the Atlanta Braves.
Part of the reason the Padres have suffered so much roster turnover this offseason may be the highly-publicized legal dispute over the team's ownership.
Player agent Scott Boras told USA Today's Bob Nightengale in October he believed the death of late Padres owner Peter Seidler in 2023 contributed to the franchise's decision to trade Juan Soto. Seidler's passing also led to an ongoing legal dispute regarding ownership of the team.
Profar cited the Padres' ""issue with the ownership"" when talking about his decision to sign in Tampa, per Jeff Sanders of the San Diego Union-Tribune. Sasaki's agent meanwhile mentioned the dispute when discussing Sasaki's signing with the Dodgers, per The Athletic's Dennis Lin.
The Padres were one win away from eliminating the Dodgers and advancing to the NLCS when the team claimed a 6-5 win in Game 3 of the 2024 division series.
San Diego failed to score a run in Game 4 or in Game 5, during which the Dodgers came back to continue advancing toward an eventual World Series win.
The Padres' path to getting another chance to eliminate the Dodgers has gotten steeper this season, not just because of the quiet season in San Diego but because of the Dodgers brought not only Sasaki but Scott and Blake Snell into their pitching lineup.
Combined the pending pitching return of Shohei Ohtani, those offseason moves made the Dodgers the team to beat in the NL West. The Padres could consider turning to the trade market in an effort to raise Machado's confidence his team can contend with the defending World Series champions next fall."
92,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
KWS SAAT SE KGaA (ETR:KWS) has had a rough three months with its share price down 4.3%. However, a closer look at its sound financials might cause you to think again. Given that fundamentals usually drive long-term market outcomes, the company is worth looking at. Particularly, we will be paying attention to KWS SAAT SE KGaA's  ROE today.
Return on equity or ROE is an important factor to be considered by a shareholder because it tells them how effectively their capital is being reinvested. In short, ROE shows the profit each dollar generates with respect to its shareholder investments.
 View our latest analysis for KWS SAAT SE KGaA 
The formula for ROE is:
Return on Equity = Net Profit (from continuing operations) ÷ Shareholders' Equity
So, based on the above formula, the ROE for KWS SAAT SE KGaA is:
13% = €198m ÷ €1.5b (Based on the trailing twelve months to September 2024).
The 'return' is the income the business earned over the last year. One way to conceptualize this is that for each €1 of shareholders' capital it has, the company made €0.13 in profit.
So far, we've learned that ROE is a measure of a company's profitability. Depending on how much of these profits the company reinvests or ""retains"", and how effectively it does so, we are then able to assess a company’s earnings growth potential. Generally speaking, other things being equal, firms with a high return on equity and profit retention, have a higher growth rate than firms that don’t share these attributes.
To start with, KWS SAAT SE KGaA's ROE looks acceptable. Further, the company's ROE is similar to the industry average of 14%. Consequently, this likely laid the ground for the decent growth of 13% seen over the past five years by KWS SAAT SE KGaA.
We then compared KWS SAAT SE KGaA's net income growth with the industry and found that the company's growth figure is lower than the average industry growth rate of 34% in the same 5-year period, which is a bit concerning.
Earnings growth is an important metric to consider when valuing a stock. The investor should try to establish if the expected growth or decline in earnings, whichever the case may be, is priced in. This then helps them determine if the stock is placed for a bright or bleak future. One good indicator of expected earnings growth is the P/E ratio which determines the price the market is willing to pay for a stock based on its earnings prospects. So, you may want to check if KWS SAAT SE KGaA is trading on a high P/E or a low P/E, relative to its industry.
KWS SAAT SE KGaA has a low three-year median payout ratio of 24%, meaning that the company retains the remaining 76% of its profits. This suggests that the management is reinvesting most of the profits to grow the business.
Additionally, KWS SAAT SE KGaA has paid dividends over a period of at least ten years which means that the company is pretty serious about sharing its profits with shareholders. Upon studying the latest analysts' consensus data, we found that the company is expected to keep paying out approximately 20% of its profits over the next three years. Accordingly, forecasts suggest that KWS SAAT SE KGaA's future ROE will be 12% which is again, similar to the current ROE.
On the whole, we feel that KWS SAAT SE KGaA's performance has been quite good. Particularly, we like that the company is reinvesting heavily into its business, and at a high rate of return. As a result, the decent growth in its earnings is not surprising. With that said, the latest industry analyst forecasts reveal that the company's earnings growth is expected to slow down. Are these analysts expectations based on the broad expectations for the industry, or on the company's fundamentals? Click here to be taken to our analyst's forecasts page for the company.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Long-term care costs like nursing home care can quickly drain retirement savings. Medicare provides little help paying these bills, but Medicaid can cover nursing home costs for those who meet strict financial eligibility rules. Certain strategies like special trusts, home equity transfers and annuities can help meet those eligibility rules and protect assets like your […] The post Can a Nursing Home Take Our Savings? We Have a $250k IRA, a House and Other Assets appeared first on SmartReads by
Fourth quarter earnings for PLTR stock are due Feb. 3. Wall Street analysts are focused on 2025 guidance and momentum for its ""Artificial Intelligence Platform.""
Your employer, according to the IRS, is required to provide or send Form W-2, known as a ""Wage and Tax Statement"" to you no later than Jan. 31.
(Bloomberg) -- Having lived with the risk of a US-led trade war for weeks, financial markets reopened Monday needing to deal with the reality.Most Read from BloombergWhen French Communists Went on a Brutalist Building BoomNew York’s First ‘Passive House’ School Is a Model of Downtown DensityHow the 2025 Catholic Jubilee Is Reshaping RomeTrump Paves the Way to Deputize Local Police on ImmigrationHistoric London Elevator Faces Last Stop in Labour’s Housing PushInvestors favored the US dollar in ea
Some say the stock is worth only $1.50 a share.
New accounting rules have changed how bitcoin holdings are reported by publicly-traded companies, leading to a $600M profit for Tesla but potentially also a multi-billion dollar tax bill for MicroStrategy.
The cryptocurrency has surged 500% over the past year, with investors hoping that the legal issues plaguing XRP will soon end.
NEW YORK (Reuters) -Global markets buckled up for a turbulent session on Monday after U.S. President Donald Trump launched a trade war with sweeping tariffs on Canada, Mexico and China that threaten to undermine economic growth and reignite inflation.  Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced plans for retaliatory tariffs on imports of goods from the United States, the first of which also would take effect on Tuesday.  Claudia Sheinbaum, Mexico's president, said on social media platform X that she will spell out details of its response on Monday.
2025 will see the greatest surge of Americans turning 65, with an average of more than 11,000 people reaching the milestone every day.
Nvidia stock is tanking, and history suggests a clear direction of what way it could go in 2025.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
93,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
Stocks swiftly recovered from the DeepSeek-driven sell-off early in the week but came under pressure on Monday amid concerns over President Trump's tariff plans.
Trump followed through with his plans on Saturday, placing tariffs on Canada, Mexico and China, which will be fully in force by Tuesday, Feb. 4. There will be 25% duties on Canada and Mexico, and 10% on China, over issues of fentanyl and illegal migration.
Markets are digesting the tariff announcements after a strong start to the year. In January, the S&P 500 (^GSPC) rose 2.7% while the Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) advanced more than 1.6%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) led the gains, rising 4.7%.
In the week ahead, investors will parse the latest developments in Trump's tariff strategy, the January jobs report, and an onslaught of corporate reports. Updates on job openings, as well as activity in the services and manufacturing sectors, will also be on the schedule.
Meanwhile, quarterly results from Amazon (AMZN), Alphabet (GOOGL,GOOG), Chipotle (CMG), and Eli Lilly (LLY) headline a week that will feature earnings reports from 131 S&P 500 companies.
Tariff reaction will be at the forefront of the market narrative in the week ahead. The duties on all three countries will be fully in force by Tuesday, Feb. 4, according to the order signed by Trump on Saturday afternoon in Florida. Many economists have argued that tariffs could stoke inflation.
As Yahoo Finance's Ben Werschkul reported, Canada and Mexico were quick to announce retaliatory measures across a range of US goods. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said that Canada will place 25% counter-tariffs on CAD $155 billion (USD $107 billion) worth of American-made products, starting Tuesday.
Stocks are on track for steep losses to start the week, after their rally cooled off on Friday as White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt outlined the plans for imposing tariffs.
Trump following through with the extent of tariffs he had initially threatened ""may be further"" than market participants had been expecting, Evercore ISI chief strategist for international affairs and public policy Sarah Bianci told Yahoo Finance.
The Federal Reserve held interest rates steady on Wednesday as it waits for further clarity on inflation's path toward its 2% target and how potential tariffs could impact that process.
The week ahead will bring several key updates for the Fed on the employment side of its mandate. The January jobs report, due out Friday morning, is expected to show the US labor market added 150,000 jobs in the month, down from the 256,000 seen in December. Meanwhile, the unemployment rate is expected to hold steady at 4.1%. The report will also include revisions to labor data from the past year.
""We suspect the January jobs report will continue to indicate the labor market has softened over the past year, but not to an alarming degree,"" Wells Fargo's economics team led by Jay Bryson wrote in a weekly note to clients Friday.
While the labor market has held up for now, with inflation moving slowly toward the Fed's target, some on Wall Street believe signs of significant slowing would be the most likely catalyst to prompt the central bank to resume its rate-cutting cycle.
""We think the unemployment rate is probably the single most important macro data point you're going to get every month,"" Citi head of US equity trading strategy Stuart Kaiser told Yahoo Finance. ""If you see a significant uptick in the unemployment rate, that potentially puts the Fed under pressure and puts the market under pressure as well.""
Less than halfway through the reporting period, the S&P 500 is currently pacing for year-over-year earnings growth of 13.2% for the fourth quarter, which would mark the fastest rate of growth in three years for the benchmark index. This is higher than the 11.8% growth consensus had expected on Dec. 31, per FactSet data.
And FactSet senior earnings analyst John Butters points out this reporting season has been a particularly strong one for companies that are surprising Wall Street to the upside with their earnings per share numbers. Analyzing the two days leading into and following a report, companies that beat Wall Street's earnings expectations have seen their stocks rise 1.5% on average. This is above the five-year average of a 1% rise for companies that top earnings estimates.
And it's not just this quarter's earnings surprising, either. Deutsche Bank chief global strategist Binky Chadha pointed out in a note to clients that at this point in the quarter, earnings estimates would usually have been cut 1.3%. Instead, they've only been trimmed by 0.6%.
In other words, while noise about tariffs, inflation, and the overall path of monetary policy continues to dominate the discussion, the strong trend in earnings continues to be what's keeping Wall Street strategists bullish about the market outlook.
""The most steady part of this bull market has been ... those earnings trends. Those forward earnings estimates every week are making new highs,"" Truist co-chief investment officer Keith Lerner told Yahoo Finance. ""All in all, we think the bull market trend is intact, supported by these earnings that are somewhat still underappreciated.""
Another bullish sign for earnings may soon be flashing green too. On Monday, the Institute for Supply Management will release its ISM Manufacturing PMI. The reading has shown the sector in contraction for more than two years.
Bank of America US economist Aditya Bhave believes the tide may be turning for manufacturing, though.
""The manufacturing recession might be over, and we think the ISM manufacturing index is likely to break above 50 in January,"" Bhave wrote in a note to clients on Friday.
This could be bullish for stocks, Fundstrat head of research Tom Lee recently said in Yahoo Finance's Chartbook. 
""To me, the most important chart to watch is the ISM manufacturing turning up in 2025,"" Lee said. ""This series has been below 50 for 26 months now, the longest stretch since 1989-1991, and we think [it] signals an acceleration of cyclical [earnings] growth in 2025.""
As Lee's chart shows, when ISM's manufacturing PMI picks up, earnings usually follow.
Monday
Economic data: S&P Global US manufacturing PMI, January final (50.1 expected, 50.1 previously); Construction spending, month-over-month, December (0.2% expected, 0% prior); ISM manufacturing, January (49.3 expected, 49.3 prior)
Earnings: The Clorox Company (CLX), Palantir (PLTR), Tyson (TSN)
Tuesday
Economic data: Job openings, December (8.01 million previously); Factory orders, December (+0.5% expected, -0.4% previously); Durable goods orders, December final (-2.2% previously), Capital Goods orders nondefense, excluding air, December final (+0.3% previously)
Earnings: Alphabet (GOOGL,GOOG), AMD (AMD), Amgen (AMGN), Apollo (APO), Chipotle (CMG), Electronic Arts (EA), Enphase (ENPH), Estée Lauder (EL), Ferrari (RACE), Juniper Networks (JNPR), Merck (MRK), PayPal (PYPL), PepsiCo (PEP), Pfizer (PFE), Snap (SNAP), Spotify (SPOT)
Wednesday
Economic data: MBA mortgage applications, week ending Jan. 31 (-2% prior); ADP Private Payrolls, December (+153,000 expected, +111,000 previously); S&P Global US services PMI, January final (52.8 prior); S&P Global US composite PMI, January final (52.4 prior); ISM services index, January final (54.5 expected, 54.1 prior)
Earnings: Disney (DIS), Aflac (AFL), Arm Holdings (ARM), Aurora Cannabis (ACB), Boston Scientific (BSX), Ford (F), Novo Nordisk (NVO), Qualcomm (QCOM), Toyota (TM), Uber (UBER), Viking Therapeutics (VKTX)
Thursday
Economic data: Challenger jobs cuts, year-over-year, January (+11.4% previously); Initial jobless claims, week ending Feb. 1 (207,000 previously)
Earnings: Amazon (AMZN), Eli Lilly (LLY), Affirm (AFRM), e.lf. Beauty (ELF), Bristol Myers Squibb (BMY), ConocoPhillips (COP), Hershey (HSY), Peloton (PTON), Pinterest (PINS), Phillip Morris International (PM), Roblox (RBLX), Tapestry (TPR), Yum! Brands (YUM)
Friday
Economic calendar: Nonfarm payrolls, January (+150,000 expected, +256,000 previously); Unemployment rate, January (4.1% expected, 4.1% previously); Average hourly earnings, month-over-month, January (+0.3% expected, +0.3% previously); Average hourly earnings, year-over-year, January (+3.8% expected, +3.9% previously); Average weekly hours worked, January (34.3 expected, 34.3 previously); Labor force participation rate, January (62.5% previously); Annual revisions to the employment establishment survey expected; University of Michigan consumer sentiment survey, February preliminary (74 prior)
Earnings: Canopy Growth (CGC), Newell Brands (NWL)
Josh Schafer is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow him on X @_joshschafer
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Few signs have emerged since Donald Trump announced tariffs targeting America's largest trading partners that any force outside of the president himself will be able to reverse his decision.
PepsiCo chair and CEO Ramon Laguarta looks to jumpstart growth in 2025.
The president himself said there might be some pain. He has delivered it.
U.S. job openings fell in December, a sign that the labor market is cooling but still healthy.  Openings fell to 7.6 million, from 8.2 million in November, the Labor Department reported Tuesday.  The number of layoffs fell, suggesting that Americans enjoy unusual job security.
TOKYO (Reuters) -U.S. private equity firm KKR has sweetened its offer for Japan's Fuji Soft by 4%, the latest salvo in its protracted and messy bidding war with Bain Capital for the $4 billion IT firm.  KKR raised its offer price to 9,850 yen ($63.44) per share from 9,451 yen per share, above Bain's most recent offer of 9,600 yen per share in December.  Even after Fuji Soft's board rejected its bid, Bain perservered - a rare step in Japan - citing ""strong concerns and distrust"" over Fuji Soft's response and arguing the rejection harmed the interests of minority shareholders.
Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) has gotten off to a bad start on the stock market in 2025, losing more than 10% of its value as of this writing, with Chinese artificial intelligence (AI) start-up DeepSeek's launch of a low-cost but capable AI model playing a key role in the semiconductor giant's troubles.  Nvidia stock was one of the biggest victims of the sell-off, dropping 17% on Jan. 27 after it emerged that DeepSeek overtook ChatGPT's downloads on the Apple app store in the U.S.  DeepSeek's low-cost model sparked concerns about major cloud computing companies and governments reducing their demand for the AI chips Nvidia sells.
Prices of cocoa — a key ingredient in chocolate — have increased relentlessly over the past year, forcing companies such as Mondelez to hike prices of their products.  Chicago-based Mondelez expects its 2025 profit to fall 10% on an adjusted basis, compared with analysts' average estimate of a 6.7% decline, according to data compiled by LSEG.  Mondelez's volumes in Europe, its largest market by revenue, fell in the fourth quarter on account of incremental price hikes.
INCY's fourth-quarter 2024 earnings are likely to have gained from higher Jakafi and Opzelura sales.
Trump's plan might be ""to acquire Bitcoin without the bureaucracy,"" Austin King tells TheStreet Crypto.
Nike (NYSE: NKE) has been a top stock to own throughout its history.  Under former CEO John Donahoe, the company took its eye off the ball.  The company replaced Donahoe with Elliott Hill in September.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
94,2025-02-02,"When you buy through our links we may earn a commission.
We only use your email address to let you know when we add similar deals via our newsletter / deal alerts. We never share your email with anyone. Unsubscribe at any time with a single click. Privacy policy.
We only use your email address to let you know when we add similar deals via our newsletter / deal alerts. We never share your email with anyone. Unsubscribe at any time with a single click. Privacy policy.
When you buy through our links we may earn a commission.
Dealcatcher has saved shoppers over $500 million since July 1999 and we're excited to save you some money too! Our deals are hand-picked and verified by our team every single day!
Check out today's hottest new deals! We've scoured the web to bring you deep discounts from top retailers and brands. From electronics to kitchen appliances and apparel, our deals are sure to help you save money. Don't miss out on these popular deals today."
95,2025-02-02,"Brooke Sjoberg
In the last few years, the avian flu has wreaked havoc on national egg suppliers. 
While the issue has made headlines consistently since the onset of the current strain of avian flu in 2020, the issue has driven up the prices of eggs to an all-time high in early 2025—and potentially higher.
The average price of a dozen eggs in the U.S. sits at about $4.15. However, one shopper says he approached the egg seller at his local farmer’s market to see what he thinks of the increases.
Health coach @davidjschroer says his local egg seller suggested it might be down to corporate greed. He shared his thoughts in a TikTok that has drawn over 223,000 views. 
“The grocery stores are lying,” he says in the video. “The egg companies are lying. I just talked to the egg guy at my local farmer’s market, just about the bird flu thing. He’s like, ‘It’s been bad since like 2022.’ So I asked what’s the increase?”
He says the egg seller told him that the increase in prices was tied to the headlines about bird flu—that the news of the issue created an environment in which businesses could raise their prices, justifying it with the need to recoup losses from culled flocks.
“He’s like, ‘Well the avian flu, bird flu, hit the news, so all the companies just increased their prices because they can,’” he recounts. “And I go, ‘Well what about the shortage?’”
According to the egg seller, he says it’s about “supply and demand.”
“In his whole area they haven’t had any issues,” David says. “So it’s like yeah, the mass-produced egg, they might cull more flocks and everything and be more affected by that, but he’s just largely unaffected by it. So it’s just more corporate greed.”
The Daily Dot has reached out to David via TikTok and Instagram direct message regarding the video.
Besides being bad news for chickens who fall ill, the U.S. Department of Agriculture requires sick flocks to be culled, to not only prevent the spread of the flu to people, but to other flocks. 
By eliminating an entire flock, potentially of a size to meet the needs of a commercial poultry operation, a lot of egg-laying hens are removed from the market. Fewer eggs are laid overall, but demand remains the same. 
Experts are saying that egg prices are not expected to fall significantly in 2025. Quite the opposite, actually—per Fox News, the USDA is expecting egg prices to rise by 20% this year. 
This is primarily due to the avian flu’s reduction in the overall number of egg-laying hens in the U.S.
Some viewers shared in the comments section that they were disappointed, but not at all surprised to see this playing out in their local grocery stores.
“I work in a grocery dc, def not a shortage and certainly greed,” one commenter wrote.
“My locally ran grocery store sells them for $3 a dozen while the DG in town has them at $5.25,” another said. “100% corporate greed.”
“Sounds right,” one echoed. “No shortage in my area, so many eggs at the store they literally had them in 2 separate spots. Yet still had the inflated price.”
Several others shared that they or their neighbors had begun keeping their own chickens as the price of eggs was going up, providing a lower cost and local alternative to the eggs on shelves in the grocery store. 
“A lot of people in my town have chickens and are thankfully selling cartons of a dozen eggs for $3,” one commenter wrote. 
“A piece of advice: buy local eggs if you can,” another wrote. “You get fresh cheap eggs & help a local small business. Just check your area. You’ll be surprised at the ppl who have chickens.”
Internet culture is chaotic—but we’ll break it down for you in one daily email. Sign up for the Daily Dot’s web_crawlr newsletter here. You’ll get the best (and worst) of the internet straight into your inbox.
‘I always thought that was a complicated process’: Man moves into apartment. Then he finds a little-known trick to avoiding his pet rent
‘Almost all employees ignore this rule’: Trader Joe’s worker says ‘they have to give you’ free tote bag with $20 purchase. Do they?
‘Volvo is where the WEALTH is at tho’: Man says Subaru drivers are secretly rich. Here’s what the richest people in America actually drive
‘That’s what I’m gonna get every time’: Woman orders 2 kid’s meal sandwiches from Jersey Mike’s. Is that a better deal than 1 adult sandwich?
Share this article
TAGS 
Brooke Sjoberg is a freelance writer for the Daily Dot. She graduated with her Bachelors in Journalism from the University of Texas at Austin in 2020."
96,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
Nassim Taleb, who wrote the book The Black Swan, warned that markets should expect an even worse shock than the one that sank stocks after the release of DeepSeek's AI technology.
Nassim Taleb, who wrote the book The Black Swan about unpredictable events, warned that Nvidia's record stock collapse from fears over DeepSeek's AI portends even worse market carnage to come and shows how fragile the economy has become.
His comments came just after Nvidia's 17% dive erased $589 billion in market cap, representing the biggest-ever drop for a US company, which also dragged down the Nasdaq more than 3%.
That came after DeepSeek's development of cutting-edge AI at a fraction of the cost that rivals like OpenAI and Google are spending raised doubts about the hundreds of billions of dollars that are slated for investment in the sector and elsewhere.
“This is the beginning,” Taleb told Bloomberg TV on Monday. “The beginning of an adjustment of people to reality.”
Since OpenAI released ChatGPT in November 2022, launching the current AI boom, Nvidia stock has soared more than 700% as demand for its chips have exploded. In the process, it has raised alarms that the overall stock market rally has grown too dependent on Nvidia and handful of other tech giants.
The history of tech innovations shows that the first mover doesn't always emerge as the eventual winner, Taleb noted, pointing out how Google's search engine displaced Alta Vista's in the early years of the internet boom.
When asked if there could be another drawdown like Monday's, he replied, ""or much bigger, or two three times bigger even. That's absolutely in line with what you can expect.""
The selloff also demonstrated the fragility of wealth formation from a very small number of stocks, and how much came from Nvidia alone, most of which was recent, Taleb said.
""It shows us how much the whole economic structure is fragile because of that,"" he explained.
Taleb, who serves as distinguished scientific advisor at Mark Spitznagel’s Universa Investments, previously warned markets are more fragile than they have been at any point in the past 20 to 30 years.
In October, he said the environment was similar to what existed during previous collapses, pointing to complacency in the market and the earlier era of low rates that taught people to avoid conservative investments.
This story was originally featured on Fortune.com
Sign in to access your portfolio"
97,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best American Bank Stocks To Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE:ALLY) stands against the other American bank stocks.
2024 was a memorable year for America’s banking giants. According to a recent report in the Financial Times, the seven largest banks in the country represented 56% of the industry’s profits during the first nine months of the year, up from 48% during the same period in 2023.
READ ALSO: 10 High Growth Financial Stocks To Invest In and 10 Best Bank Penny Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds.
The banking sector is also experiencing improved capitalization. In November, the Federal Reserve Board found that 99% of the country’s banks reported capital above regulatory requirements. Moreover, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) noted a 3.5% increase in equity capital in Q3 2024, reflecting the upward trend in capitalization.
Globally, credit rating agency Moody’s upgraded the overall outlook for the industry from negative to stable in December for the first time since 2023, citing interest rate cuts and monetary adjustments being made by the G-20 countries. The Federal Reserve announced three cuts last year, lowering the central bank’s target interest rate to 4.25% and 4.5%.
Trump’s return to the White House has also raised optimism about lax regulations in the financial sector, which analysts believe can spur dealmaking activity in the banking sector. Reduced oversight and a business-friendly environment are also likely to boost revenue and loan growth, and subsequently improve banks’ bottom line.
The U.S. president has also repeatedly demanded further reductions to the interest rate. Here is what he said at the World Economic Forum in Davos on January 23.
With oil prices going down, I'll demand that interest rates drop immediately, and likewise they should be dropping all over the world.
While the general outlook for the banking industry looks promising for 2025, analysts also warn of the potential risks associated with ongoing geopolitical conflicts, which can have adverse effects on the global economy. Increasing trade tensions and protectionist policies can also hurt investment inflows.
On January 31, the White House announced that President Trump would move ahead with his planned tariffs on Canada, China, and Mexico, starting February 1. The 78-year-old has also threatened to impose tariffs on the EU, citing the bloc’s treatment of the U.S.
""Am I going to impose tariffs on the European Union? You want the truthful answer or shall I give you a political answer? Absolutely. The European Union has treated us so terribly.""
For this article, we sampled stocks from ETFs with exposure to American banking companies and our previous articles on the sector. From there, we selected the 10 stocks with the highest number of hedge fund investors, based on Insider Monkey’s database of over 900 prominent hedge funds as of Q3 2024. The 10 best American bank stocks to buy now have been ranked in ascending order based on the number of hedge funds holding stakes in them. Where two or more stocks were tied on hedge fund sentiment, we used a higher market cap as a tiebreaker between them.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
An executive at a desk, surrounded by financial documents and a laptop.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 56
Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE:ALLY) is an American financial services company, offering a wide range of products such as auto financing, banking, and insurance. It owns the Ally Bank, a digital-only bank, that caters to the banking requirements of individuals and businesses. While the bank does not have any physical branches, it boasts a large network of ATMs.
On January 22, Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE:ALLY) declared results for the fourth quarter and full year 2024. Total net revenue for the year was reported at $8.2 billion, with a pre-tax income of $836 million and a net income of $668 million. It delivered an adjusted EPS of $2.35, while the return on common equity stood at 4.8%.
During 2024, it received 14.6 million consumer auto applications, which resulted in consumer originations of $39 billion, showcasing the strength of Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE:ALLY)’s dealer relationships and the scale of its business. Ally Bank had retail deposits of $143.4 billion for the year, with 92% being FDIC-insured. The bank added 230,000 new customers in 2024, taking its total number of depositors to 3.3 million.
Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE:ALLY) also announced that it had reached an agreement with CardWorks, Inc. and its bank subsidiary, Merrick Bank, on the sale of Ally’s credit card business. The decision is part of the company’s overall strategy to prioritize its core business, streamline its structure, and drive improved returns.
Ally’s share price has risen 2% since the earnings call and business update. Wall Street analysts are bullish on the stock, with a consensus Buy rating, and anticipate a further 8% uptick, on average, in its share price. Investor sentiment is improving as well. According to Insider Monkey’s database for Q3 2024, 56 hedge funds had investments in Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE:ALLY), up from 45 at the end of the second quarter. It is one of the best American bank stocks to buy now.
Overall ALLY ranks 8th on our list of the best American bank stocks to buy now. While we acknowledge the potential of ALLY as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than ALLY but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
98,2025-02-02,"When you buy through our links we may earn a commission.
We only use your email address to let you know when we add similar deals via our newsletter / deal alerts. We never share your email with anyone. Unsubscribe at any time with a single click. Privacy policy.
We only use your email address to let you know when we add similar deals via our newsletter / deal alerts. We never share your email with anyone. Unsubscribe at any time with a single click. Privacy policy.
When you buy through our links we may earn a commission.
Dealcatcher has saved shoppers over $500 million since July 1999 and we're excited to save you some money too! Our deals are hand-picked and verified by our team every single day!
Check out today's hottest new deals! We've scoured the web to bring you deep discounts from top retailers and brands. From electronics to kitchen appliances and apparel, our deals are sure to help you save money. Don't miss out on these popular deals today."
99,2025-02-02,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
Shareholders of Airtel Africa Plc (LON:AAF) will be pleased this week, given that the stock price is up 15% to UK£1.44 following its latest quarterly results. Results overall were respectable, with statutory earnings of US$0.036 per share roughly in line with what the analysts had forecast. Revenues of US$1.3b came in 4.2% ahead of analyst predictions. This is an important time for investors, as they can track a company's performance in its report, look at what experts are forecasting for next year, and see if there has been any change to expectations for the business. With this in mind, we've gathered the latest statutory forecasts to see what the analysts are expecting for next year.
 See our latest analysis for Airtel Africa 
Taking into account the latest results, the consensus forecast from Airtel Africa's eleven analysts is for revenues of US$5.84b in 2026. This reflects a huge 22% improvement in revenue compared to the last 12 months. Per-share earnings are expected to leap 963% to US$0.17. Yet prior to the latest earnings, the analysts had been anticipated revenues of US$5.82b and earnings per share (EPS) of US$0.16 in 2026. Although the revenue estimates have not really changed, we can see there's been a decent improvement in earnings per share expectations, suggesting that the analysts have become more bullish after the latest result.
There's been no major changes to the consensus price target of UK£1.41, suggesting that the improved earnings per share outlook is not enough to have a long-term positive impact on the stock's valuation. There's another way to think about price targets though, and that's to look at the range of price targets put forward by analysts, because a wide range of estimates could suggest a diverse view on possible outcomes for the business. The most optimistic Airtel Africa analyst has a price target of UK£2.00 per share, while the most pessimistic values it at UK£1.15. This shows there is still a bit of diversity in estimates, but analysts don't appear to be totally split on the stock as though it might be a success or failure situation.
These estimates are interesting, but it can be useful to paint some more broad strokes when seeing how forecasts compare, both to the Airtel Africa's past performance and to peers in the same industry. The analysts are definitely expecting Airtel Africa's growth to accelerate, with the forecast 18% annualised growth to the end of 2026 ranking favourably alongside historical growth of 8.2% per annum over the past five years. Compare this with other companies in the same industry, which are forecast to grow their revenue 3.2% annually. Factoring in the forecast acceleration in revenue, it's pretty clear that Airtel Africa is expected to grow much faster than its industry.
The biggest takeaway for us is the consensus earnings per share upgrade, which suggests a clear improvement in sentiment around Airtel Africa's earnings potential next year. Fortunately, they also reconfirmed their revenue numbers, suggesting that it's tracking in line with expectations. Additionally, our data suggests that revenue is expected to grow faster than the wider industry. The consensus price target held steady at UK£1.41, with the latest estimates not enough to have an impact on their price targets.
With that in mind, we wouldn't be too quick to come to a conclusion on Airtel Africa. Long-term earnings power is much more important than next year's profits. At Simply Wall St, we have a full range of analyst estimates for Airtel Africa going out to 2027, and you can see them free on our platform here..
Plus, you should also learn about the   4 warning signs  we've spotted with Airtel Africa (including 1 which is a bit unpleasant) .
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
