,date,content
0,2025-02-08,"Business Insider Edition 
How much longer can the Magnificent Seven stocks continue to dominate the equity market? History suggests their era of outperformance is on the verge of fading.

        According to an analysis by Glenmede Investment Management, concentration levels in the top 10% of US stocks now rival levels seen in 1929 and 1999, the peaks of the two most notorious market bubbles in history.
    

        That means trouble ahead for the largest stocks in the market — and by default, the cap-weighted S&P 500 index — warns Alex Atanasiu, a portfolio manager at the firm, which oversees $6.6 billion in assets.
    

        Right now, the average market cap of the top 10% of US stocks relative to that of the average stock between the 30th and 70th percentiles is three standard deviations above normal levels as investors pile into AI-related stocks.
    

        In both instances where this happened, the top 10% of stocks delivered negative returns over the following three- and five-year periods. Meanwhile, the average stock between the 30th and 70th percentiles returned 50% and 69% over those timeframes.
    

        ""It's a tale of two markets,"" Atanasiu told BI.
    

        ""We're not saying they're going to crash tomorrow,"" he continued, referencing the top decile of stocks, ""but you tend to get them either crashing and coming back or just not gaining much, but the rest of the market tends to be just fine.""
    

        Another way of looking at how concentrated the market has become at the top is to compare the performance of the S&P 500 cap-weighted index against the S&P 500 equal-weight index. All of the constituents in the latter affect the index's performance equally, so it can act as a better gauge of how the broader market is behaving outside of the top names.
    

        Given the historically elevated returns from the Magnificent Seven stocks, the cap-weighted index has drastically outperformed the equal-weight index. The equal-weight index is 37% below its relative performance trend to the cap-weighted S&P 500, Atanasiu said, slightly more than 1999 levels.
    

        In the aftermath of the 1999 lows, the equal-weight index went on a fierce five-year rally, Atanasiu said, outperforming the cap-weighted index by more than 10% per year.
    

        Atanasiu's outlook for relatively poor returns ahead is in line with some major Wall Street names. Goldman Sachs' chief US equity strategist David Kostin said last year that the S&P 500 would return 3% annually through 2034, given where the Shiller CAPE ratio sits. Morgan Stanley's chief investment officer Mike Wilson said returns would be ""flat-ish"" over that time. Rob Arnott, the founder of Research Affiliates, also recently told BI that he expects large-cap stocks to enter a bear market while value stocks outperform.
    

        ""It's fascinating to note that, from March 2000 to March 2002, the S&P was down 27%, while Russell 2000 Value was up 53% (Russell 1000 Value and the full Russell 2000 were both flat, shrugging off a nasty bear market); then everything fell about 25% through end-September,"" Arnott told BI in November. ""When valuation gaps get wide enough, markets can utterly disconnect.""
    

        In recent weeks, investors may have gotten a glimpse at what such a situation could look like amid the DeepSeek R1 chatbot announcement. The AI chatbot, which is cheaper to build and run than ChatGPT models, sent tech stocks tumbling in late January. Meanwhile, value factors like the Vanguard Value Index Fund ETF (VTV) remained mostly flat.
    

        ""You never had any price pressures on AI. It's just whatever I can spend to try to get that first-mover advantage. And now you're seeing some cost pressures,"" Atanasiu said. ""I think you're going to come to grips with people's projections for seismic earnings growth.""
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
1,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 12 Best Tech Stocks to Buy Right Now Under $10. In this article, we are going to take a look at where BigCommerce Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:BIGC) stands against the other tech stocks under $10.
Our list today highlights stocks that are priced under $10 and can offer opportunities for growth. These stocks offer diversification away from the typical large and mid-cap names with the use of lower capital. These stocks often belong to companies that are trying to create niche businesses or are in various stages of product evolution, including emerging growth firms and established businesses, giving tough competition to larger rivals. In our view, this space has the potential for high returns, particularly if these companies can successfully execute their business strategies and capitalize on market trends.
In the technology sector, many undervalued stocks are well-positioned to benefit from the ongoing trends of digital transformation, and transition to cloud and AI. Companies offering innovative software solutions, cybersecurity, and cloud services are anticipated to thrive as businesses continue to invest in technology to enhance their competitive position and security. By identifying promising companies in these areas, investors can potentially achieve good returns although with a little higher risk. That said, we believe that stock selection remains crucial in the small-cap space due to the volatility of these names. For comparison, the S&P SmallCap600 Index has underperformed the broader S&P500 Index over the last 3, 5, and 10 years which indicates that you might not get enough returns if you take a broader approach.
The technology sector continues to be driven by rapid innovation and the adoption of cutting-edge technologies. Advances in technology are significantly impacting lives, industries, and economies worldwide. The integration of AI and ML is revolutionizing workflows, enhancing productivity, and creating new revenue opportunities. Organizations globally are undergoing digital transformations to stay competitive, streamline operations, improve customer engagement, and drive innovation in their products and services.
Our Methodology
To shortlist the 12 Best Tech Stocks to Buy Right Now Under $10, we screened technology stocks with current share price below $10. We overlaid this criterion with additional criteria of market capitalization of at least $300 million and a potential upside of greater than 10%. The stocks were then arranged in ascending order of the number of hedge fund holders for each company, based on hedge fund data from Insider Monkey’s database.
Note: all pricing data is as of market close on February 6.
At Insider Monkey we are obsessed with the stocks that hedge funds pile into. The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
Highlighting the company's sector and industry, a technician working on a complex SaaS in a technology lab.
Current Market Price: $6.63; Upside Potential: 28%
Number of hedge funds: 20
On the bottom of our list is BigCommerce Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:BIGC), a cloud-based e-commerce platform that empowers businesses to establish and manage online stores. The company provides a comprehensive suite of tools and services designed to support the development, customization, and optimization of e-commerce websites. The platform not only assists customers in creating and managing their own branded online stores but also facilitates seamless integration with various sales channels, including popular online marketplaces, social networks, and offline point-of-sale (POS) systems used in physical stores. BigCommerce Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:BIGC) caters to a wide range of clients, from small businesses and mid-market enterprises to large corporations.
In Q3 2024, BigCommerce Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:BIGC) reported a 7.3% year-over-year growth in sales, reaching $83.7 million, which met street expectations. The company’s EPS of USD 0.06 significantly surpassed consensus estimates. Serving both business-to-consumer (B2C) and business-to-business (B2B) merchants on a single platform, BigCommerce Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:BIGC) expects to benefit from the increasing investment in e-commerce platforms which is projected to grow to $16.5 billion by 2027. With rising demand from larger B2C and B2B merchants, the company focuses on high-value enterprise accounts to support revenue growth.
Overall BIGC ranks 12th on our list of the best tech stocks to buy under $10. While we acknowledge the potential of BIGC as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than BIGC but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap.
 Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Wondering how to pick strong, market-beating stocks for your investment portfolio? Look no further than the Zacks Style Scores.
Palantir stock hit a new high on Feb. 6. Palantir could be Wall Street's new darling, usurping Nvidia. But bears point to lofty valuation of PLTR stock.
GFI vs. FNV: Which Stock Is the Better Value Option?
Although the addressable market for AI is enormous, not everyone is sold on the success of a pair of market-leading businesses.
UTHR vs. ZTS: Which Stock Is the Better Value Option?
Here’s what could be next for AMD stock.
Electric-truck maker Nikola is nearing filing for a bankruptcy, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter.  Phoenix, Arizona-based Nikola was working with law firm Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman to explore options including a sale or restructuring of the company in bankruptcy, according to the report.  Nikola said on Thursday it was evaluating a variety of options, including a financing as part of a financial restructuring.
Thapanee Techajareonvikul, No. 47 on the Fortune Most Powerful Women Asia list, is the first female CEO of the 142-year-old Thai company.
Doximity, which ranks sixth on the IBD 50, broke out Friday and rocketed above a profit-taking zone after crushing expectations.
Almost $195 billion of Berkshire's invested assets can be traced to five of Buffett's top investing ideas.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
2,2025-02-08,"Gemini didn't lie about cheese. It seemingly plagiarized about cheese. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Google is running a Super Bowl marketing campaign, which highlights how 50 small businesses in 50 media markets use Gemini in Workspace to run their operations. The ads will air in the home media market of the small business highlighted in them this Sunday, Feb. 9, during the Super Bowl. However, in the case of Google's ""Wisconsin Cheese Mart: Gemini in Google Docs"" advertisement, it looks like the whole thing was a charade.
This specific commercial is just one of 50 that are part of the campaign, but it has been shrouded in controversy. First, it appeared that Google's Gemini AI got details in the showcase wrong. Gemini's output read that Gouda makes up ""50 to 60 percent of the world's cheese consumption,"" which is incorrect, as spotted by The Verge. Google quietly edited the advertisement to remove the incorrect claim from Gemini's response.
The original YouTube video link is live, and you can watch the ad below — but there's no sign it was edited aside from the slew of comments criticizing Google for the swap.
Originally, critics suggested that Gemini's response may have been a hallucination. However, that doesn't seem to be the case — as Google Cloud Apps President Jerry Dischler claimed on X, saying it was ""not a hallucination, Gemini is grounded in the Web.""
Dischler appears to be right, but that's because Gemini never wrote the output in question at all. According to The Verge, the exact same original response allegedly written by Gemini appeared on the Wisconsin Cheese Mart's website description as early as 2020 — almost three years before Google released Gemini, then known as Bard.
The commercial still passes off the output as being written by Gemini, despite the correction. Based on this information, it's likely the incorrect fact about Gouda was not an AI misstep — it was just a human one.
Android Central asked Google why it removed the incorrect Gouda stat from the original advertisement. We also asked whether it could confirm the output said to be written by Gemini was actually written by a human, and why it was said to be created by Gemini. Google did not immediately respond to our request, but we will update this article if we hear back.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
Brady is a tech journalist for Android Central, with a focus on news, phones, tablets, audio, wearables, and software. He has spent the last three years reporting and commenting on all things related to consumer technology for various publications. Brady graduated from St. John's University with a bachelor's degree in journalism. His work has been published in XDA, Android Police, Tech Advisor, iMore, Screen Rant, and Android Headlines. When he isn't experimenting with the latest tech, you can find Brady running or watching Big East basketball.
Android 16 may let users rebind physical app and system keyboard shortcuts
The old T-Mobile app is officially gone for good — time to download T-Life
Hey Motorola, there's a time and a place for ads. A severe weather warning is neither.

Androidcentral is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
3,2025-02-08,"Business Insider Edition 
This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with real-estate agent Kofi Nartey 49, who was one of the listing agents for Michael Jordan's mansion in Highland Park, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago. The over-the-top home went on the market for $29 million in 2012 and finally sold for $14.85 million in 2024 with another broker. The conversation was edited for length and clarity.

        The Jordan estate had been on the market for about seven years prior to me coming on board.
    

        I've represented a handful of famous clients, like Nick Young, Jason Kidd, Neve Campbell, Matt Kemp, and Kevin Durant.
    

        The goal was to speak to the avatar of the potential buyer: Who would want the story that comes with owning a trophy property like that? The buyer of this property is going to walk away from the closing table, text his buddies, and say, ""Dude, I just bought MJ's house.""
    

        Someone gets to tell that story, gets to leverage that story. It becomes not only a talking point, but a source of connections, a source of storytelling, a source of business opportunities, and more. Even if that's not your main purpose, it's an ancillary benefit that can't be ignored and that I wanted to promote.
    

        A lot of the homes we deal with are one-of-one custom builds built specifically for the client. We use the typical ""comp"" analysis when we're running numbers to get a baseline, and then we adjust up or down based on different attributes of the property.
    

        There was no way to capture the true value of Michael Jordan's estate based on comparable properties. The best houses in the neighborhood are maybe 10,000 square feet. This one is 56,000 square feet — there's no real comp for it.
    

        Because he was such a huge public figure, he wanted to be able to enjoy himself in his own home without having to face paparazzi and hang out with his family.
    

        You've earned the right to customize the hell out of the house, so make it your own and enjoy it.
    

        Jordan had a 23 on the gate. The house has its own full-court gym, full training facilities, cigar lounges, and a swimming pool shaped like a basketball hoop. It has its own pond stocked with fish. It has a par-three golf hole. It has a whole hair salon for his wife.
    

        You're doing yourself a disservice by trying to normalize those things. If anything, you have to lean into those differentiators — capture that story and tell it the right way.
    

        The call to get the listing wasn't surreal.
    

        The call that was surreal was when Michael Jordan himself called me.
    

        He called me to tell me a little bit more about the vision and answer a few questions I had to extract the story behind building such an amazing property.
    

        It was not just selling another house, not just selling a bigger, better property in the neighborhood. The idea of selling a legendary estate, a trophy property, hadn't fully been embraced.
    

        I wanted to begin repositioning the marketing strategy by changing the price. I picked numbers that added up to the number 23: $14,855,000. That became international news alone.
    

        I offered prospective buyers a pair of each Jordan shoe that had come out in the buyer's size if they bought the home. That made international news.
    

        The pricing strategy was more than fair. It was just a matter of capturing the right story to bring in the right buyer.
    

        I would get calls directly from qualified buyers asking about it. I would also get a lot of silly and fun calls like, ""Hey, can I play Michael one-on-one forthe house?""
    

        We have some markets and some properties that take two or three years to sell. It's not very common, but some do take more time.
    

        I only had the listing for 11 months in 2015.
    

        I changed companies and the listing stayed with the old company — and then that company lost the listing.
    

        I think given a little bit longer, we would've been able to get the deal done. Given the initial momentum and increase in visibility — the increase in excitement and showings — I think we would have been able to get more than $9.5 million.
    

        At the end of the day, the number that it sells for is the number that everyone agrees to. That's what a buyer decided they were willing to pay, and what Michael Jordan was willing to sell it for.
    

        But I also think that there are some things that can always be done differently to squeeze a bit more value out of a property like that.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
4,2025-02-08,"The Galaxy S24 Ultra broke the streak, becoming the first Samsung flagship in six years to crash into the top 10 sales chart.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The Galaxy S24 Ultra dominated the 2024 flagship Android market, topping sales charts and even being the only premium Android phone to crack the world's top ten best-sellers.
Samsung popping up in the yearly top ten best-selling phones list is pretty much a given. But its top-tier Galaxy S series hasn’t made the cut since 2018. That is, until now. According to Canalys’ latest report, the flagship line is making a comeback, sneaking its way back into that elite ranking (via 9to5Google).
Apple’s iPhone 15 rules the 2024 sales charts. But Samsung’s Galaxy S24 Ultra just ended a six-year slump, as per the report.
Snagging the ninth spot on the global best-sellers list, the Galaxy S24 Ultra’s win cements Samsung’s dominance in the premium Android phone segment.

According to the report, the S24 Ultra’s strong sales come down to Samsung doubling down on AI features and keeping the innovation game tight.
Apple and Samsung went head-to-head for smartphone supremacy in 2024, but Apple barely pulled ahead with 225.9 million shipments against Samsung’s 222.9 million. These numbers might change, but for now, it looks like Apple finally stole the crown as the world’s top smartphone brand.
While the Galaxy S24 Ultra grabbed the spotlight in the premium space, the Galaxy A15 stole the show as the best-selling Android phone across all price ranges. On top of that, the Galaxy A15 5G dominated the 5G market, becoming the top-selling 5G phone worldwide.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
Even with solid specs, no premium models from Chinese brands like Honor, OnePlus, OPPO, Vivo, or Xiaomi managed to crack the best-sellers list.
Despite their absence from the list, Chinese OEMs still saw solid growth in 2024. Xiaomi stood out with an impressive 15% year-over-year jump, shipping over 168 million smartphones worldwide.
Overall, the global smartphone market saw a solid rebound in 2024, with shipments hitting 1.22 billion units, up 7%, according to Canalys. This recovery comes after two years of decline, driven by longer replacement cycles, smart restocking by vendors, and the ongoing growth of emerging markets.
Jay Bonggolto always keeps a nose for news. He has been writing about consumer tech and apps for as long as he can remember, and he has used a variety of Android phones since falling in love with Jelly Bean. Send him a direct message via Twitter or LinkedIn.
Hey Motorola, there's a time and a place for ads. A severe weather warning is neither.
Moto Razr Plus 2025 benchmark details next-gen flagship tech from Qualcomm
Fiio's BTR13 is a budget DAC that lets you easily upgrade your phone audio

Androidcentral is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
5,2025-02-08,"2 / 11
The Nasdaq and other stock market indexes began Monday morning by dropping sharply in the face of President Donald Trump’s new tariffs, which are poised to kick in Tuesday. The market decline reversed somewhat in the afternoon after Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum announced a pause on Trump’s new import tariffs. 
Read More
3 / 11
The Trump administration is actively pursuing initiatives related to cryptocurrency, but there has not been any official announcement regarding the highly anticipated Bitcoin reserve. David Sacks, the White House’s cryptocurrency director and President Donald Trump’s crypto czar, held a press conference to discuss the U.S. digital asset strategy. However, he did not reveal any specific plans for stockpiling Bitcoin, instead stating that the team would evaluate the feasibility of a Bitcoin reserve. 
Read More
4 / 11
With rising prices, an affordable housing crisis, and the specter of looming tariffs, Americans are looking to save money just about everywhere. 
And with nine in 10 American households owning at least one car, many are looking at their vehicles as a place to save.
Self, a credit-building toolkit, looked at the 50 best-selling cars between 2022 and 2024 and ran the numbers to find the most and least expensive ones to run. It didn’t consider the vehicle’s purchase or lease price and instead looked at average annual gas costs, maintenance, insurance, fees, and taxes. 
Read More
5 / 11
The Nasdaq and other major stock market indexes dipped  Wednesday after underwhelming earnings reports from Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL) and chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices (AMD). Other tech stocks such as Apple (AAPL), Amazon (AMZN), and Tesla (TSLA) were also in the red.
Read More
6 / 11
DeepSeek sparked a global tech stock sell-off that cost Nvidia $600 billion in market value. But JPMorgan (JPM) Chase says the AI chipmaker is bound to benefit from the Chinese startup. 
Read More
7 / 11
The average U.S. family is currently shelling out at least $2,000 a year on utilities. That’s on top of the average $2,450 most people spend annually on gas. 
Read More
8 / 11
President Donald Trump has begun a new trade war with Canada, Mexico, and potentially China, and this has had a significant ripple effect on the broader financial landscape, including the cryptocurrency market. Trump’s latest move involves imposing a 25% tariff on imports from Canada and Mexico, while Chinese imports will be taxed at 10%. 
Read More
9 / 11
Eric Beiley of The Beiley Group at Steward Partners breaks down how a sovereign wealth fund might work for America like they do in Singapore and Norway
10 / 11
Eric Beiley, Executive Managing Director of The Beiley Group at Steward Partners, breaks down what China’s retaliatory tariffs could mean for investors
11 / 11"
6,2025-02-08,
7,2025-02-08,
8,2025-02-08,"When you see a ventriloquist like [Jeff Dunham], you probably expect to see him with a puppet. This time – spoilers ahead – you won’t. Besides his fame on stage, [Dunham] is also a collector of vintage tech and a die-hard television enthusiast. In the video below, [Dunham] has gotten his hands on a rarity: an unboxed 1958 Philco Predicta TV. The original tape was still on the box. We get to follow along on his adventure to restore this sleek, retro-futuristic relic!
[Dunham]’s fascination with the Predicta stems from its historical significance and bold design. At a time when television was making its way into American homes, the Predicta dared to be different with its swivel-mounted picture tube and early printed circuit boards. Despite its brave aesthetics, the Predicta’s ambition led to notorious reliability issues. Yet, finding one in pristine condition, sealed and untouched for over six decades, is like unearthing a technological time capsule.
What makes this story unique is [Dunham]’s connection to both broadcasting and his craft. As a ventriloquist inspired by Edgar Bergen — whose radio shows captivated America — [Dunham] delights in restoring a TV from the same brand that first brought his idol’s voice to airwaves. His love for storytelling seamlessly translates into this restoration adventure.
After unboxing, [Dunham’s] team faces several challenges: navigating fragile components, securing the original shipping brace, and cautiously ramping up voltage to breathe life into the Predicta. The suspense peaks in the satisfying crackle of static, and the flicker of a 65-year-old screen finally awakened from slumber.
Have you ever come across an opportunity like this? Tell us about your favorite new old stock find in the comments. Buying these can be a risk, since components have a shelf life. We appreciate when these old TVs play period-appropriate shows. Who wants to watch Game of Thrones on a Predicta?


Looks like something straight from STALKER 2 😂  ☢💎☢
Looks more like something out of Fallout to me…
This video was better than any of his comedy!
I dunno, a story he tells about crashing in one of his homebuilt helicopters is pretty funny.
That’s a beautiful piece of kit but surely you mean “un-unboxed”?  Every piece of anything I’ve ever acquired was sooner or later unboxed.  It jus’s ain’ special ‘n’ stuff.
Philco Predicta $260 in 1958 or $2,840 in today’s dollars.
But… average wage in 1958 for a male was $4,888 so this is over 1/2 year’s wage!
Who can afford to leave this in the box? Wow.
1958 male tech earned $6,730/year.
Source: https://babel.hathitrust.org/cgi/pt?id=nyp.33433019943079&seq=158
Called a “revolutionary design” pg. 78, Radio-Electronics Dec. 1958
https://archive.org/details/sim_electronics-now_1958-12_29_12/mode/2up?q=predicta
Challenge was piping video through the long cable to the semi-flat CRT.
Please be kind and respectful to help make the comments section excellent. (Comment Policy)
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

						By using our website and services, you expressly agree to the placement of our performance, functionality and advertising cookies. Learn more"
9,2025-02-08,"The weekend is here! Pour yourself a mug of Colombia Tolima Los Brasiles Peaberry Organic coffee, grab a seat by the fire, and get ready for our longer-form weekend reads: • The LA Fires Burned Thousands of Homes. The Data Show Insurers Saw the Risks Coming. …"
10,2025-02-08,"
        The stock market looks bulletproof right now. Despite the barrage of headlines around the threats of tariffs from the Trump administration, the S&P 500 index is up 22% in the past year and 80% in the last five.The average price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) for the market is 30, which is…
    "
11,2025-02-08,The Moto G (2025) has great battery life and is an exceptional value for those looking to keep costs down
12,2025-02-08,"This is a Techmeme archive page.
It shows how the site appeared at 12:45 PM ET, February 8, 2025.

The most current version of the site as always is available at our home page.
To view an earlier snapshot click here
and then modify the date indicated.
"
13,2025-02-08,"By 


      Chandelis Duster
    


                A man gambles in a casino ahead of last year's Super Bowl, on Feb. 8, 2024, in Las Vegas.
                
                    
                    Jamie Squire/Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

As Americans prepare to watch the most highly anticipated football game of the year, some will also spend a lot of money betting on who the winner will be and other parts of the game.
A record $1.39 billion is expected to be spent on betting legally on Sunday's Super Bowl — up from $1.25 billion in 2024, according to the American Gaming Association (AGA). It also coincides with warnings from officials to beware of scammers looking to take advantage of the intense interest in the game.
The estimated spending is driven by two factors: The growing number of states that allow legal sports betting and trust in the legal betting system, Joe Maloney, senior vice president of strategic communications at the AGA, tells NPR. Legal sports betting through retail and online sportsbooks is permitted in 38 states, according to the organization. 
""We've got a lot of sports fans that are contributing to these increasing totals that are now in jurisdictions that are legal,"" Maloney says.
Simply put, sports betting is considered illegal when one places a bet with an operator or bookmaker that is not permitted or licensed by a local jurisdiction. The majority of legal sports betting on the Super Bowl will take place through legal sportsbook apps, Maloney says. Americans will also place legal bets in person at casino sportsbooks, he says.
While many Americans are expected to bet legally, scammers are also expected to cash in on Super Bowl wagers.
Officials, including in Arizona, are warning Americans to be vigilant of betting scams. The Better Business Bureau (BBB) encourages people to check with the BBB on potential betting scams and do their homework on the company they plan to place their bets with.
""Make sure that you understand the terminology and terms and conditions. Understand exactly what all of that entails before placing a bet,"" Melanie McGovern, a spokesperson for the BBB, tells NPR.
Those who plan to place bets should check with their state gaming boards on what sportsbook operators are legal and avoid illegal offshore operators, Maloney says. By betting illegally, people risk losing more than just what they wagered because there are no consumer protections and giving financial information such as credit card or bank information can lead to identity theft, he warns.
Another way to determine whether an operator is legal is to be aware of what aspect of the sport one is betting on.
""If you are betting on something that is happening on the field, someone scoring a touchdown, the winner of the game, someone rushing for over 100 yards, that is a legal betting market,"" Maloney says. ""If you find yourself betting on something that happens not on the field, that in 99% of those cases, that is with an illegal website. That is some form of a scam.""
Those who suspect they participated in a sports betting spam should contact local law enforcement immediately, Maloney says. And people should also keep in mind that placing their bets ""is not an opportunity to generate wealth,"" he says.
""This is not a value-added investment you should expect. It's just a way for you to cheer on your team and place a little bit of money on an outcome that you'd like to see,"" Maloney says.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
14,2025-02-08,"Business Insider Edition 
There may never be a perfect time to purchase a house, but buyers can definitely benefit when prices drop in their areas.

        In December, the median sales price for the entire US dipped a bit — to $402,502 — from the previous year. While buying a home hasn't become significantly more affordable for the typical American, there are still opportunities for those looking for a home.
    

        Some would-be buyers are holding back, leading to less competition for homes. Prices in several major US metros have dropped by thousands of dollars, according to a new report from Realtor.com.
    

        Consistently high mortgage rates and an overall increase in home financing costs have sidelined many prospective buyers.
    

        During the pandemic, Miami and Austin drew thousands of homebuyers looking for relatively affordable homes and more space. Now, with less demand, homes are staying on the market longer, prompting many sellers to reduce their prices.
    

        In December, home prices in Miami and Austin dropped by 9.9% and 7.7%, respectively, compared to the same period in 2023, according to the report. Those cities, along with Kansas City, Missouri, and Tampa, Florida, also saw lower prices in May and September of 2024 compared to a year earlier.
    

        Realtor.com analyzed data from 50 of the largest US metros to calculate which ones saw the largest home-price declines in December.
    

        Below are the 11 big cities with the largest price drops.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
15,2025-02-08,"by Calculated Risk on 2/08/2025 02:11:00 PM

At the Calculated Risk Real Estate Newsletter this week:

Click on graph for larger image.

• MBA: Mortgage Delinquencies Increased Slightly in Q4 2024


• Fannie and Freddie: Single Family Serious Delinquency Rates Increased in December

• Lawler: Revisions Almost Eliminate Household/Establishment Survey Employment Growth Gap

• 1st Look at Local Housing Markets in January

• Asking Rents Mostly Unchanged Year-over-year

• ICE Mortgage Monitor: “Lowest calendar year home price growth of any year since 2011”

This is usually published 4 to 6 times a week and provides more in-depth analysis of the housing market.

"
16,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
(Bloomberg) -- US inflation showed scant signs of downward momentum at the start of the year, while healthy job growth undergirded the economy, backing the Federal Reserve’s stance to hold the line on interest rates for now.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Nice Airport, If You Can Get to It: No Subway, No Highway, No Bridge
Sin puente y sin metro: el nuevo aeropuerto de Lima es una debacle
Citadel to Leave Namesake Chicago Tower as Employees Relocate
NYC Sees Pedestrian Traffic Increase in Congestion-Pricing Zone
How London’s Taxi Drivers Navigate the City Without GPS
Fed Chair Jerome Powell, who offers his semiannual testimony to lawmakers on Tuesday and Wednesday, will likely highlight the resilient economy as a key reason central bankers are in no rush to further cut borrowing costs. With the economy in a good place, Fed officials also have time to assess the impacts of the new Trump administration’s policy changes on trade, immigration and taxes.
Bureau of Labor Statistics figures due on Wednesday, shortly before the second half of Powell’s two-day testimony marathon, are forecast to show the consumer price index excluding food and energy rose 0.3% in January for the fifth time in the last six months.
Compared with a year earlier, core CPI is forecast to have risen 3.1%. While marginally lower than than the annual figure for December, that’s just a 0.2 percentage point decline from the middle of last year.
After sizable declines in 2023 and early 2024, progress toward further disinflation has essentially stalled, just as the job market revved up late last year. On Friday, Labor Department data showed payrolls growth in the three months through January averaged 237,000 — the strongest for any similar period since early 2023.
That helps explain why Fed officials are content to stand pat for the time being after a full percentage point of rate cuts in 2024. Moreover, proposed policies from the Trump administration risk keeping inflation elevated.
What Bloomberg Economics Says:
“Chair Jerome Powell has said the Fed needs to see ‘real progress’ on inflation or some labor-market weakness to consider adjusting rates. We think January’s CPI will offer mixed evidence. We expect headline and core CPI inflation both rose 0.3%.”
— Anna Wong, Stuart Paul, Eliza Winger, Estelle Ou and Chris G. Collins, economists. For full analysis, click here
The CPI report, which also includes an annual update of seasonal adjustment factors and a re-weighting of components that go into the index, will be followed on Friday by retail sales for January. Economists estimate another healthy advance in merchant receipts for the month, excluding motor vehicle dealers.
For more, read Bloomberg Economics’ full Week Ahead for the US
Looking north, the Bank of Canada’s summary of deliberations will offer insight into the central bank’s move to strip all forward guidance from its rate decision due to the uncertainty of Trump’s threat of tariffs.
Elsewhere, UK growth data, testimony by the European Central Bank president, Indian consumer prices and rate decisions from Russia to Peru will be among the highlights.
Click here for what happened last week, and below is our wrap of what’s coming up in the global economy.
Asia
The week features a central bank decision in the Philippines, a look at several parts of India’s economy, and the latest reading for a key measure of inflation in Japan.
India will be the main focus after the world’s fifth-largest economy unexpectedly reported the weakest growth since the pandemic. Its central bank on Friday delivered the first rate cut in almost five years.
On Wednesday, industrial production figures are likely to show India’s activity slowing in December and consumer prices at the start of 2025 easing to the slowest pace since August. Wholesale prices, though, another measure of inflation, likely accelerated. We’ll also get January trade data on Friday.
Moving east, consumer confidence data is expected early in the week from Indonesia, Vietnam provides figures on vehicle sales, and Malaysia releases the final reading of gross domestic product for the fourth quarter.
The Philippines central bank is forecast to cut its lending rate on Thursday by 25 basis points after a decline in rice prices, which have an outsized influence on the country’s inflation readings.
In South Korea, the unemployment rate for January, set for release on Friday, will show labor market conditions after joblessness surged to the highest level since 2021 in the prior month. Import and export price figures will provide a look at January demand after trade activity declined.
Japanese producer prices likely accelerated on an annual basis and held firm in January from the prior month. On Wednesday, the country also releases preliminary machine tool orders for January, a snapshot of global demand as it’s one of the world’s largest manufacturers of the machines. This measure jumped the most since June in the prior month.
Finally, Australia releases several measures of how the nation is feeling, with January business confidence and February consumer sentiment and inflation expectations. New Zealand publishes credit card retail spending, two year inflation expectations, and manufacturing activity. January food prices are also published.
For more, read Bloomberg Economics’ full Week Ahead for Asia
Europe, Middle East, Africa
Following Thursday’s move by the Bank of England to cut rates and halve its 2025 growth forecast, data in the coming week will reveal the economy’s performance at the end of 2024.
Forecasters are split on how gross domestic product fared in the fourth quarter, with some reckoning on a small contraction of 0.1% while others see either stagnation or even a modicum of growth.
BOE speeches will also draw attention, with Catherine Mann — one of two officials who sought a half-point rate reduction — scheduled for Tuesday. Appearances by Governor Andrew Bailey and policymaker Megan Greene are also on the calendar.
In the euro zone, industrial production on Thursday is a highlight, along with final inflation numbers from Germany and then Spain the following day. A second reading of the region’s GDP is due on Friday.
Taking the lead among European Central Bank speakers will be President Christine Lagarde, who’ll testify to lawmakers on Monday.
Elsewhere in the region, consumer-price data will be a major focus.
In Switzerland, the first inflation reading of 2025, due on Thursday, will set the tone for the next moves of the Swiss National Bank, which lowered borrowing costs by a half point in December. January saw cost cuts for electricity that will weigh on inflation, and the median forecast of economists is for an outcome of just 0.4%, which would be the lowest since 2021.
Norway’s report for consumer price growth on Monday is anticipated to stay stable at 2.2%, and GDP numbers will be published the following day.
Egypt’s central bank on Monday will keep a close eye on inflation. It it continues to slow, in another sign of a firm downward trend, it may enable officials to begin rate cuts in coming months.
In Israel on Friday, data will likely show inflation remained above the 3% ceiling of the central bank’s target range for a seventh straight month. Analysts expect it to quicken to 3.8% after unexpectedly slowing to 3.2% in December.
For more, read Bloomberg Economics’ full Week Ahead for EMEA
A number of central bank decisions are scheduled:
In Namibia on Wednesday, policymakers will likely reduce their rate for a fourth time in a row as inflation sits comfortably at the lower end of their 3%-to-6% target band.
Zambian officials will probably keep their rate at 14%, with price growth expected to start easing as the impact of last year’s drought and a steep depreciation in the kwacha begin dissipating.
Also on Thursday, the monetary authority in nearby Rwanda may lift borrowing costs high enough to return to a positive real rate.
Serbia’s central bank is scheduled for a decision on Thursday too. Officials may resume easing after four months of keeping borrowing costs steady, though steep energy prices remain a source of inflationary pressure.
The Bank of Russia’s first meeting of 2025 will be closely watched on Friday after it surprised analysts with a hold at 21% in December when many expected a hike to restrain inflation running close to 10%.
The same day, in Romania, the central bank is expected to keep rates on hold as political and fiscal risks cloud the inflation outlook.
Latin America
Brazilian and Chilean central banks get the week rolling with surveys of economists’ expectations ahead of Brazil’s January consumer prices report. A one-off electricity bill credit is expected to have slowed inflation last month that should reverse in February.
Mexico-watchers will pounce on any and all demand and output indicators that may point to the risk of recession. December manufacturing, industrial production and January same-store sales are the highlights from Latin America’s No. 2 economy.
Chile’s central bank will post the minutes of its Jan. 28 meeting, at which policymakers kept the key rate unchanged at 5%. Officials are turning more cautious as they ride out a near-term jolt to inflation.
Forgive President Javier Milei if he fails to resist yet another victory lap in his scorched-Earth battle to rein in Argentina’s inflation.
The early consensus for the January 2025 annual print is for something near 67%, down from 117.8% in December and 289.4% last April. That would be the lowest since June 2022 as monthly readings settle in below 3%.
While inflation in Peru’s capital city has slowed below the midpoint of the target range, the core reading - stripped of energy and food costs - remains elevated. With that in mind, the central bank is likely to keep the key rate on hold.
For more, read Bloomberg Economics’ full Week Ahead for Latin America
--With assistance from Katia Dmitrieva, Robert Jameson, Laura Dhillon Kane, Monique Vanek, Piotr Skolimowski, Paul Wallace, Tony Halpin, Bastian Benrath-Wright and Tom Rees.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Business Schools Confront Trump Immigration Policies
Orange Juice Makers Are Desperate for a Comeback
Believing in Aliens Derailed This Internet Pioneer’s Career. Now He’s Facing Prison
The Reason Why This Super Bowl Has So Many Conspiracy Theories
Inside Elon Musk’s Attack on the US Government
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
17,2025-02-08,"The MP3 file format was always encumbered with patents, but as of 2017, the last patent finally expired. Although the format became synonymous with the digital music revolution that started in the late 90s, as an audio compression format there is an argument to be made that it has long since been superseded by better formats and other changes. [Ibrahim Diallo] makes that very argument in a recent blog post. In a world with super fast Internet speeds and the abstracting away of music formats behind streaming services, few people still care about MP3.
The last patents for the MP3 format expired in 2012 in the EU and  2017 in the US, ending many years of incessant legal sniping. For those of us learning of the wonders of MP3 back around ’98 through services like Napster or Limewire, MP3s meant downloading music on 56k dialup in a matter of minutes to hours rather than days to weeks with WAV, and with generally better quality than Microsoft’s WMA format at lower bitrates. When portable media players came onto the scene, they were called ‘MP3 players’, a name that stuck around.
But is MP3 really obsolete and best forgotten in the dustbin of history at this point? Would anyone care if computers dropped support  for MP3 tomorrow?

It’s hard to disagree with [Ibrahim]’s point that MP3 isn’t quite as important anymore. Still, his argument of AAC being a good alternative to MP3 misses that the AAC format is also patent-encumbered. Specifically, there’s a patent license for all manufacturers and developers of “end-user codecs,” which involves per-unit pricing. Effectively, every device (computer, headphones, smartphone, etc.) incurs a fee. That’s why projects like FFmpeg implement AAC and other encumbered formats while leaving the legal responsibilities to the end-user who actually uses the code.
While FLAC and Vorbis (‘ogg’) are truly open formats, they’re not as widely supported by devices. Much like VGA, MP3 isn’t so much sticking around because it’s a superior technological solution but because it Just Works® anywhere, unlike fancier formats. From dollar store MP3 players to budget ‘boomboxes’ to high-end audio gear, they’ll all playback MP3s just fine. Other formats are likely to be a gamble, at best.
This compatibility alone means that MP3 is hard to dislodge, with formats like Ogg Vorbis trying to do so for decades and still being relatively unknown and poorly supported, especially when considering hardware implementations.
Since the average person is not an audiophile who is concerned with exact audio reproduction and can hear every audio compression artefact, MP3 is still perfectly fine in an era where the (MP2-era) Bluetooth SBC codec is what most people seem to be content with. In that sense, listening to 320 kbps VBR MP3 files with wired headphones is a superior experience over listening to FLAC files with the Bluetooth SBC codec in between.
This leads to another point made by [Ibrahim]. The average person does not deal with files anymore. Many people use online applications for everything from multimedia to documents, which happily abstract away the experience of managing file formats. Yet, at the same time, there’s a resurgence in interest in physical media and owning a physical copy of content, which means dealing with files.
We see this also with MP3 players. Even though companies like Apple abandoned their iPod range and Sony’s current Walkmans are mostly rebranded Android smartphones with the ‘phone’ part stripped out, plenty of portable media players are available brand-new. People want portable access to their media in any format.
Amidst this market shift back to a more basic, less online focus, the MP3 format may not be as visible as it was even a decade ago, but it is by no means dead.
These days, rolling your own MP3 player is almost trivial. We’ve seen some fairly small ones.
Well… All my music library is mp3-320 and I dont need to change it…
same, i started also using flac when i could get flac. and there was a time id just transcode it to mp3, but i dont really need to and it shows up and sorts in winamp ok. i still use winamp. my collection is also a very small footprint in my storage stack, so its not hard to back up and maintain. people see streaming as a better option, but i dont see it that way. i dont need to search, or hand out personal information, or create an account, or be connected to the internet, or be bombed with popular bands that suck.
Switch to VBR, same quality but smaller size.
My biggest problem with MP3 is that it doesn’t allow a gapless transition from one track to another. I’ve seen a few tracks with VERY small gaps – mostly inaudible, but definitely present when looked at in Audacity. And I’ve never been able to encode my own files in MP3 in such a manner that the gap between tracks wasn’t plainly audible. This is a real problem when listening to Classical music, live albums, or any recording where one track is supposed to segue seamlessly into the next.
Any CDs I get are encoded in FLAC, which of course supports gapless playback. When I have to deal with lossy music files, I use Audacity to render them truly gapless where necessary; then I export them as Opus files, which are also capable of gapless playback. (Based on what I’ve read, Opus is also audibly better than MP3 at lower bit rates).
I have well north of 2TB of music. Yes, I could have smaller drives and faster backups if I encoded all the high-res files as lossy 320K – but storage is cheap, and the data discarded in lossy encoding can never be recovered. I’m just more comfortable with having all my music in lossless form wherever possible.
.MP3 doesn’t need the cloud (the whole physical media thing), and it’s good enough for most people, and an excellent point about Bluetooth eating up the quality regardless. Questions of bitrate are even less important nowadays because of the insane access to storage and network speed, and back when a 6 gig hard drive cost a weeks pay, a 128 kbps joint stereo .mp3 still sounded a hell of a lot better than a cassette. Not to mention that back then you couldn’t really encode them in real-time. Hardware caught up in a big way. I don’t think dropping support for MP3 would be very bright. Like the TGA image format, it will probably never die, nor should it.
The abstraction away from file systems is a travesty.  Im so grateful to have learned the basics on MSDOS and Win 3.11, some folks will never comprehend the inner workings of their computing devices ( due to corporations trying to scam them out of cash ).
+1
WinPlay3 and MOD4WIN ran on Windows 3.1, btw!
Old versions of WinAmp, too, via Win32s extension.
modern is ok if you dont install all the modules. default install is a bloody mess.
Modscene represent!
thing is there is going to always be a file system, even if the gui doesnt break out all its features for the end user anymore (this is why i find phones completely unusable). on linux everything is a file, and i dont see myself keeping windows around forever (especially as my linux knowledge exceeds my windows knowledge and 11 being a no go for me). i even put rockbox on my ipod so i can just copy files to it without using a 3rd party app.
I still always have file explore open, with every program stored in it’s own folder instead of the ridiculous windows my stuff and program files, and still open things via goingto where they actually are.
As a teacher, teaching a computer based class, students have no idea how the hell to deal with files and folders :/
It sounds like a case of not understanding directories and subdirectories.
i bloody hate it when operating systems dictate where your files are supposed to be. it discourages people from actually working with the file system. phones take this to an absurd level. what i do on windows is have a second drive or partition that is for data, set up a junction point wherever the os stores a folder in the bowels of appdata of the bits i want to keep. then if the os goes tango uniform, i re-install, run a script and it sets up all my file links. the real files are where i want them, on a partition i can back up in full, and the cruft gets nuked.
gonna have to get used to the linux way of doing this. i think some installers offer to let you specify your own drives/partitions for home folders at install. but im not sure how to losslessly restore them, perhaps even when moving to new distros. given the extra security linux filesystems have.
When releasing our CD as download, we were faced with the question which format to use. In the end we chose 320 kbps MP3 because with FLAC, Opus, Vorbis, AAC there is no guarantee that the person downloading the songs will know how to play them on their device.
¿Porque los dos?
The bandcamp method of letting you pick is better than just giving everyone lossy files.
Exactly what I thought.
Do it like Bandcamp, don’t choose a rubbish version just because there are people who don’t care.
As an owner of a 10+ year old vehicle which can play either almost any MP3 or very-specifically-formatted WMAs, yes I do care about MP3s. Yeah, I have Bluetooth, but my phone is already busy doing other things. It is also easier to control the onboard MP3 player from the steering wheel than a BT attached one. Not to mention I do not care for streaming subscriptions, preferring the one-and-done style of purchasing music. I also do not have unlimited mobile data on my phone which also makes streaming a non-starter.
I mourned the loss of Google Play Music, but thankfully there are companies like 7digital still selling DRM-free MP3 tracks.
Decades ago, when I was a teenager, I might’ve cared about ＳＵＰＥＲＩＯＲ quality of Wintersun album in FLAC format, but back then I’d never hear a difference on my tiny Creative 2.1 speakers.
As I’m getting older, I’m indifferent to whether it’s MP3 128k, 320k or FLAC. My hearing won’t get any better and all I really care about is melody and vocals, not some 20 kHz wankery.
yea, i still got some 64k mp3s in my collection, but they are black metal and it makes it sound kvlt. i should try to find better quality, but its possible the band uploaded them in that format on purpose.
The default 128 kbit/s bit rate was awful. You could hear a metallic, muffled sound.
192 kbit/s was becoming better, but still inferior to a VOC file sampled at 22 KHz.
That being said, the differences were good noticeable when you were a young person under 25 years wearing real hi-fi headphones.
Like an AKG Monitor K141 or a Sennheiser HD 515.
That’s when your were able to hear what you were missing.
With lousy earphones from the bubble gum machine you didn’t hear any difference, maybe.
That’s what many people had. Those poor earphones (in ear plugs).
Heck, even a pair of lightweight 1970s Sony Walkman stereo headphones were way better than what was bundled with mp3 players!
But in regards to the late 90s/2000 music it didn’t matter perhaps.
Users who played pop music from that era had no taste anyway and not even hi-fi could have saved the music quality. ;)
VOC file sampled at 22 kHz? Even at 128 kbits/s MP3 has higher frequency content than that VOC.
I think we can distinguish at least 3 groups of people, those younger ones that really don’t care to pay a music stream service because they don’t know there are alternatives, those who knew the old formats and ways of enjoying music but they prefer paying the service for some reason and the last group is formed for people like us,who don’t bite the “own nothing be happy” stuff ,people (like me) that don’t see anything wrong in keeping tons of mp3 files away from the clouds or playing ABBA chiquitita song in a 33 rpm LP record. And damn I get goosbumps every single time!
im still fond of the infinite storm slip track at the end of reign in blood.
Repent and believe in the gospel…hold on I’m atheist! …but yeah repent and believe :)
the gospel according to slayer.
though im more partial to the gospel according to motorhead.
weird that you wrote a whole article about audio codecs in 2025 and didn’t even mention Opus once. it’s better than AAC and has a royalty-free patent license. it makes every other audio codec except FLAC (for lossless) obsolete.
AAC and MP3 do still have some value, but only for legacy devices.
i mostly keep the old formats around because its hard to find old songs in new formats on torrent sites.
Just download the FLAC and convert to opus (or whatever).
Unless you have to seed the stuff for a longer time…
I read the first half, then got the feeling they are missing opus, searched for opus and then decided it wasn’t worth to read the rest.
Opus is used everywhere. Youtube, most video conferences, … for whatever reason I don’t think it’s used for video streaming services…
Hi, it’s been mentioned somewhere in the Vorbis link..
Personally, I’ve never heard of of Opus before but knew of Ogg Vorbis.
Funny, considering that this newfangled Opus thing is 12 years old already. 😅
Most of my music is either mp3 or aac from when HDD space was still premium. Last year I bought my girls iPods from eBay because 1. They are too young for phones. 2. I’m not gonna pay for yet another streaming service 3. Someone has hidden the rum 4. I’d like them to have the experience of a single purpose device that does that one thing well.
I’ve still got a large collection of MP3s, but I mostly use FLAC and Opus now.
Practically all my music, and I have an unbelievable amount,  is in the FLAC format. My ‘Mp3 player’ plays it, my phone plays it, my computer music players play it. Yes they are bigger files but who cares, all my devices have lots of storage space.
Anyone who argues “moar data better!” has never heard of the Von Neumann bottleneck.
If you don’t know the term, it means computers are limited by their ability to move data between storage and the CPU.  Even if your CPU is infinitely fast, it can only crunch the data in its registers.  If it’s connected to a 1kHz memory bus, your infinite-speed CPU can’t work any faster than a 1kHz CPU.
And bandwidth doesn’t scale according to Moore’s Law.  Sending a thousand bits always costs a thousand times as much as sending one bit.  A 128-bit bus will always be at least 128 times larger than a 1-bit bus.  A 1GHz bus will always use at least 1000 times as much energy per second as a 1MHz bus.
Know what else doesn’t scale with Moore’s Law?  The energy density of batteries.  To a first approximation, the amount of energy you can get from 1cc of battery is a constant.  And that leads to the fundamental tradeoff of all battery powered designs:  the more energy you use, the faster your battery runs out.
You know what’s always faster, more energy efficient, cheaper, and easier?  Using less data.
And there’s another angle.. the Jevons paradox:  making machines more energy efficient increases the total amount of energy consumption.  It becomes cost effective to use powered systems for a wider range of things.
Microcontrollers are a thing.. you may have heard of them.  8-bit computing is alive, well, and continually getting smaller and cheaper in a way that does scale with Moore’s Law.  The MP3 player that cost $100 twenty years ago is an afternoon’s project with a $1 chip today.  That means the range of cost-effective applications for MP3s today is probably two orders of magnitude larger than it was back in the days of Napster and limewire.
Efficient data storage protocols never stop being useful.
A story about something that happened eight years ago? Slow news day?
Now it can come bundled with FFMPEG?
Ibrahim here. I do want to point out, that my entire collection of music since my windows 98 machine has been in mp3 format. I tend to convert all my audiobooks to mp3 for its convenience as well.
My main arguments was for software makers, it was expensive to include the mp3 en/decoder. But now that it is free, the main convenience of mp3 (small size) is no longer a pain point.
As a reference, my computer in 1998 had 2GB of storage (3 CDs?) and a 56k modem (3.5kb/s). We desperately needed mp3. Today, can stream a 4k movie, that’s several times the size of my old hard drive. Kids don’t even know what an mp3 is.
I loved reading the following:
“Since the average person is not an audiophile who is concerned with exact audio reproduction and can hear every audio compression artefact, MP3 is still perfectly fine in an era where the (MP2-era) Bluetooth SBC codec is what most people seem to be content with. In that sense, listening to 320 kbps VBR MP3 files with wired headphones is a superior experience over listening to FLAC files with the Bluetooth SBC codec in between.”
HaD loves sh1tting on audiophiles, but the above just underscores the fact that the vast majority of consumers have selected convenience over fidelity in their choice of audio playback.
This isn’t a terrible thing, and I readily concede that today’s MP3 and streaming formats, and the available playback systems,  provide a very acceptable level of music reproduction in most scenarios – personal entertainment in the car, on transit, at the gym, parties etc etc. Of course I have and use such gear.
But when it comes to the highest quality of sound reproduction, or for more immersive listening experiences, CDs and even vinyl are superior sources, and they justify having better quality equipment, especially speakers.
I hope people remember this when once again lining up to kick at people who are seeking out the best possible sound reproduction.
HaD loves shitting on audiophile wankery, not just audiophiles. We all understand that there is better equipment that will give better sound reproduction, but we also know that putting crystals on our speakers doesn’t do anything and de-magnetising CDs is nonsense.
Please be kind and respectful to help make the comments section excellent. (Comment Policy)
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

						By using our website and services, you expressly agree to the placement of our performance, functionality and advertising cookies. Learn more"
18,2025-02-08,"This is a Techmeme archive page.
It shows how the site appeared at 5:10 PM ET, February 8, 2025.

The most current version of the site as always is available at our home page.
To view an earlier snapshot click here
and then modify the date indicated.
"
19,2025-02-08,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank widgit
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. "
20,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
It is hard to get excited after looking at Auto Trader Group's (LON:AUTO) recent performance, when its stock has declined 1.8% over the past week. However, a closer look at its sound financials might cause you to think again. Given that fundamentals usually drive long-term market outcomes, the company is worth looking at. In this article, we decided to focus on Auto Trader Group's  ROE.
ROE or return on equity is a useful tool to assess how effectively a company can generate returns on the investment it received from its shareholders. In other words, it is a profitability ratio which measures the rate of return on the capital provided by the company's shareholders.
 Check out our latest analysis for Auto Trader Group 
Return on equity can be calculated by using the formula:
Return on Equity = Net Profit (from continuing operations) ÷ Shareholders' Equity
So, based on the above formula, the ROE for Auto Trader Group is:
49% = UK£280m ÷ UK£576m (Based on the trailing twelve months to September 2024).
The 'return' is the profit over the last twelve months. Another way to think of that is that for every £1 worth of equity, the company was able to earn £0.49 in profit.
So far, we've learned that ROE is a measure of a company's profitability. We now need to evaluate how much profit the company reinvests or ""retains"" for future growth which then gives us an idea about the growth potential of the company. Generally speaking, other things being equal, firms with a high return on equity and profit retention, have a higher growth rate than firms that don’t share these attributes.
To begin with, Auto Trader Group has a pretty high ROE which is interesting. Secondly, even when compared to the industry average of 32% the company's ROE is quite impressive. Probably as a result of this, Auto Trader Group was able to see a decent net income growth of 9.3% over the last five years.
As a next step, we compared Auto Trader Group's net income growth with the industry and were disappointed to see that the company's growth is lower than the industry average growth of 28% in the same period.
The basis for attaching value to a company is, to a great extent, tied to its earnings growth. The investor should try to establish if the expected growth or decline in earnings, whichever the case may be, is priced in. By doing so, they will have an idea if the stock is headed into clear blue waters or if swampy waters await. Is AUTO fairly valued? This infographic on the company's intrinsic value  has everything you need to know.
With a three-year median payout ratio of 34% (implying that the company retains 66% of its profits), it seems that Auto Trader Group is reinvesting efficiently in a way that it sees respectable amount growth in its earnings and pays a dividend that's well covered.
Moreover, Auto Trader Group is determined to keep sharing its profits with shareholders which we infer from its long history of nine years of paying a dividend. Based on the latest analysts' estimates, we found that the company's future payout ratio over the next three years is expected to hold steady at 33%. Therefore, the company's future ROE is also not expected to change by much with analysts predicting an ROE of 53%.
On the whole, we feel that Auto Trader Group's performance has been quite good. In particular, it's great to see that the company is investing heavily into its business and along with a high rate of return, that has resulted in a respectable growth in its earnings. We also studied the latest analyst forecasts and found that the company's earnings growth is expected be similar to its current growth rate. To know more about the latest analysts predictions for the company, check out this visualization of analyst forecasts for the company.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
21,2025-02-08,Why settle for text and images when you can add motion and impact?
22,2025-02-08,"
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The Moto G 2025 is a return to form for Motorola, delivering a solid $200 entry-level phone to the U.S. market and a marked improvement over last year's Moto G. It improves nearly everything without raising the price tag, something that's even more impressive since Moto lowered the price tag by $50 last year. You'll need to separately purchase a charging brick for the best charging performance and the macro camera is still an unnecessary addition, but the rest of the package is a real winner at this price.
Bright, eye-friendly 120Hz LCD display
Great design with a grippy vegan leather back
Huge battery and relatively fast charging
3.5mm headphone jack AND microSD card support
Gorilla Glass 3 and IP52 protection
Can be sluggish at times
Macro camera is still silly
30W charger sold separately
Why you can trust Android Central 


Our expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. Find out more about how we test.
Much of Motorola's success over the past few years has been because of its budget-friendly lineup. The company saw substantial success in 2024, growing its market share by 20%, while Samsung and Apple both lost market share, and that's mainly due to the company having a Razr-sharp focus on what it does best.
Enter the Moto G 2025, the unassuming $200 phone that's surprisingly competent. Last year's Moto G 5G 2024 was a pretty terrible phone, even for the low price, but Motorola has turned things around and addressed nearly every complaint I had without raising the price for this year's model. It's a success story few could hope for in an era of high inflation and tariff wars.

The Moto G 2025 is available universally unlocked at Amazon, Best Buy, and Motorola.com as of January 30, 2025. The phone retails for $199.99 and comes with 4GB of RAM and 128GB of storage.
A swath of U.S. carriers will also offer the phone in the coming months, including T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile, AT&T, Cricket, Straight Talk, Total Wireless, Walmart for Verizon, Boost Mobile, XFinity Mobile, Consumer Cellular, Google Fi Wireless, Spectrum, UScellular, and Optimum Mobile.
Motorola will release the Moto G 2025 in Canada on May 2 at Motorola.ca and select carriers.

Unlike last year's phone, the Moto G 2025 surprised me at nearly every turn. I love holding this phone because of the vegan leather back, and the design feels lighter than it actually is. It's also a tad larger than last year's Moto G 5G model, which might irritate a few people.
The 120Hz LCD screen has been notably improved over last year's model and now features an excellent sunlight mode that automatically kicks in whenever it detects extra-bright light. This makes it incredibly easy to see outside, which was a glaring weak point last year.

The LCD screen is also super eye-friendly. It uses full DC dimming with no PWM at any brightness level, no dithering, and no other nonsense. Not everyone loves the way an LCD screen looks when compared to an OLED but there's no denying they're friendlier on the eyes, especially for anyone sensitive to flicker.
Performance, especially in games, is surprisingly excellent. I played Minecraft with my son several times using this phone and was impressed with how much better it ran the game than the Nintendo Switch could. Other titles like Asphalt Legends Unite run super well, too, making this a surprisingly good mobile gaming machine.
Battery life is truly excellent and will always bring you through a full 24 hours of use. Many users will find that two or three-day battery life is achievable, and fully charging will take just over an hour with one of our favorite chargers.
The Moto G 2025 offers microSD card support for expandable storage as well as a 3.5mm jack for wired headphone usage. The IP52 support is better than last year's offering, but the real improvement is the Gorilla Glass 3 on the front, which should help protect it long-term much better than the previous glass Motorola used.

As with any Motorola phone, you'll quickly fall in love with the Moto G 2025's quick gestures and actions. Double-chop the phone to toggle the flashlight, double-twist it to launch the camera, double-tap on the back to launch a custom app, and more. These are small things but they add up to big convenience and quickly turn into muscle memory.
The rest of Motorola's Hello UI (on top of Android 15) is also very fantastic, incorporating some of the best parts of AOSP and other skins under one roof. In many situations, Motorola gives you a choice to customize between various UI paradigms, including splitting the notification shade and quick toggles, lots of home screen customization options, and a surprising amount of lock screen customization, too.
Motorola is also offering 2 OS updates and 3 years of bimonthly security updates for the Moto G 2025, making it one of the best-supported budget phones available.
The camera has significantly improved quality over last year's Moto G 5G 2024, delivering the best camera experience I've seen on any budget-friendly Motorola phone.
Everything from dynamic range, fine details, noise in low light, and white balance have been substantially improved over last year's phone. Again, this is all without a price increase and along with other hardware improvements. Motorola really did a bang-up job here.
Aside from general quality improvements, Motorola has also notably improved the capture speed from the Moto G 2025's camera compared to previous Motorola phones in this line. Most photos are taken instantly with little to no delay, whereas last year's model sometimes took a full second or two after pressing the shutter button before you'd even hear the capture noise.
Likewise, low-light shots are taken much faster this time around, usually taking a second or two to capture a long-exposure shot, while the Moto G 5G 2024 might take five whole seconds to capture the same scene. Motorola's camera software can now be considered truly great and does an excellent job of using AI to understand the scene and automatically select the best picture after a capture.

The first time you do just about anything on the phone feels sluggish. Whether it's launching an app, starting the camera, or even just pulling down the notification shade, there's a level of lag that happens the first time around. This gives the initial impression of an extremely sluggish phone but, thankfully, it's not an impression that lasts over time.
Last year, the Moto G 5G 2024 was sluggish all the time, a problem that was further aggravated by the RAM Boost feature Motorola created to help devices with low quantities of RAM. This year, I can happily report that RAM Booster works much better, likely in part due to the switch from Qualcomm to MediaTek. Qualcomm makes great high-end chips but struggles to make a decent low-end one while MediaTek has been the star of this category for years.
Now, don't get me wrong. You're going to need to have a little more patience with a $200 phone than you will with something twice its price. Apps will take a little longer to open than those phones, but they're usually fine once they're up and running.

Motorola's refreshed Hello UX continues to be an excellent experience, but I still hate the multitasking UI. It still uses the very inefficient AOSP-style design found on Pixel phones and is simply one of the worst ways to quickly switch between apps you'll find anywhere. I'm hoping Motorola will tweak this in the future and offer customers the option for something better. The company offers several different UI tweaks, including a denser Quick Toggles UI if you want it, and you really should tweak this ancient design next.
Aside from this, it's difficult to nitpick any other negatives. IP52 is only splash-resistant, so you shouldn't bring your Moto G in the pool. The phone charges fairly quickly with a 30W charger, and while you'll need to buy one separately, it's a small price to pay for keeping the phone's price low.
Lastly, I'd love to see Motorola ditch the macro camera in favor of an ultrawide camera. I'm not sure how many people use macro mode on a regular basis, but I'd wager an ultrawide camera would be more popular.

As inflation continues to rise, the number of $200 phones has dwindled down to just a handful. We've already awarded the Moto G 2025 the best phone under $200, so anything else here is going to be worse for one reason or another.
The CMF Phone 1 remains my favorite phone in the under $300 price class but that means you have to pay $80 or more to get this upgrade. It's got a better display, faster processor, better cameras, and a unique, customizable build that you're sure to love, but it only works on T-Mobile in the United States. Internationally, it's a much better buy and my go-to recommendation for budget-tier phones.
The Moto G Power 2025 offers better water and dust resistance, double the RAM, and a slightly bigger screen. These aren't minor upgrades, especially the IP68/IP69 rating which makes it one of the few elite phones to hold such a potent ingress protection rating. It's $299, though, so 50% more than the Moto G 2025.
The Samsung Galaxy A15 5G stays in the $200 range and offers a vibrant AMOLED screen, but it's not suitable for folks sensitive to PWM dimming. It's also got a lower refresh rate than the Moto G 2025's screen, has a slower processor, and the cameras aren't as good as Motorola's, but Samsung will update this phone until Android 18 is available, plus extra security updates on top of that.

Motorola has successfully turned things around and made the best $200 phone you can buy today. Its price flies in the face of inflation and delivers upgrades over last year's pretty awful model, all while keeping the price the same. Everything from the cameras to overall device performance, display quality and brightness, and even a longer software update promise to make this the phone to get at this price range.


In a surprising turn of events, the Moto G 2025 ended up being one of the best budget phones Motorola has ever made thanks to great design, impressive cameras, excellent battery life, and three years of great software updates.
The Galaxy S25's lack of magnetic charging shouldn't bother you
Fiio's FT1 is the new king of budget headphones
The Galaxy S24 Ultra just broke new ground for Android flagships

Androidcentral is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
23,2025-02-08,"Earnings season continues this week, with notable economic releases for inflation and consumer ... [+] spending. However, with President Trump threatening reciprocal tariffs, fundamental data could take a backseat to politics.
With almost two-thirds of the fourth-quarter earnings season complete, the pace slows slightly with 77 S&P 500 companies scheduled to report. 77% of S&P 500 firms reported better-than-expected earnings for the quarter. Two of the Magnificent 7 reported earnings last week, with only NVIDIA (NVDA) remaining on February 26. The Magnificent 7 consists of Microsoft (MSFT), Meta Platforms (META), Amazon.com (AMZN), Apple (AAPL), NVIDIA (NVDA), Alphabet (GOOGL), and Tesla (TSLA).
S&P 500 Earnings Season
Despite robust earnings growth and a noisy but solid jobs report, concerns about President Trump’s threatened additional tariffs and some worries about artificial intelligence (AI) spending caused some market consternation. The S&P 500 fell 0.2% for the week, but the Magnificent 7 lost 2.8%.
Market Returns
According to FactSet data, industrials, consumer discretionary, and healthcare contributed most significantly to last week's earnings growth improvement, while the industrials sector was the largest detractor. Uber Technologies (UBER) was the most significant contributor to industrials, with Amazon.com (AMZN) being the most critical contributor to the consumer discretionary sector. Within healthcare, earnings beats by Pfizer (PFE) and Bristol Myers Squibb (BMY) increased the earnings growth rate.
The financial sector is expected to show the most rapid year-over-year growth rate in the S&P 500, followed by communications services and consumer discretionary. The energy sector is at the bottom, with a forecasted almost twenty-eight percent decline in year-over-year earnings.
Estimated Earnings By Sector
Sales growth is closely tied to nominal GDP growth, which combines after-inflation economic growth (real GDP) with inflation. At this point in the earnings season, sales growth at 5.2% exceeds expectations, with the tailwind from 5% year-over-year nominal GDP growth.
Estimated Sales By Sales
Due primarily to the robust earnings growth for financials, communication services, and consumer discretionary, the blended earnings performance has significantly outperformed expectations at the end of the quarter. Combining actual results with consensus estimates for companies yet to report, the blended earnings growth rate for the quarter is at +16.4% year-over-year, above the expectation of +11.9% at the end of the quarter.
S&P 500 Earnings Summary
Because these companies are a critical driver of earnings growth and a significant percentage of the S&P 500’s market capitalization, the Magnificent 7 are the group to watch this earnings season. Alphabet (GOOGL) and Amazon.com (AMZN) reported last week. While earnings growth was robust for both, it was below very high expectations, and the stocks were sent lower for the week. Separately, investors are questioning whether both companies' increased AI infrastructure spending will yield a good return on investment.
Looking at Alphabet specifically, their cloud business revenue, including AI infrastructure demand, grew by 30% year-over-year, but that slowed from the 35% growth in the previous quarter. Notably, the company said capacity constraints, not demand, were the issue. The company expects to spend about $75 billion in 2025 on additional AI infrastructure, an increase of 43% over 2024. Aside from focusing on AI, Alphabet’s core businesses, search and YouTube, performed well in the quarter.
NVIDIA (NVDA) is the final group member to report earnings, scheduled for February 26. The introduction of DeepSeek led to worries that demand for their AI chips might falter, so the stock had been down over 20% from its peak until last week’s 8% rally. Alphabet and Amazon announced significant increases in capital spending to meet AI capacity demands, which helped reduce worries that a decline in demand for NVIDIA’s chipsets could be imminent.
Notable companies reporting this week are McDonald’s (MCD), Coca-Cola (KO), Humana (HUM), Kraft Heinz (KHC), Applied Materials (AMAT), and Airbnb (ABNB).
Magnificent 7: Q4 Earnings Growth
It was a noisy monthly jobs report on Friday. Nonfarm payrolls grew by 143,000 in January, which was below consensus. More recent months were revised higher but offset by downward revisions to farther out months. Both household employment measures are distorted by a much higher than typical adjustment for immigration-related adjustments. These adjustments also helped send the unemployment rate down to 4%.
The workweek fell to a 5-year low of 34.1 hours, and hourly earnings rose more than expected. Though the government said that the numbers showed no impact from the L.A. fires and weather conditions, it seems likely that there was an impact, so it's best to take this month’s job data with a grain of salt.
Monthly Job Growth
Looking at other labor market data for some clarity, initial claims for unemployment benefits remain low, so there is no sign of a collapse in the job market.
Initial Jobless Claims
Given the mixed and noisy monthly jobs report, markets and the Federal Reserve (Fed) will wait for more straightforward data to make any decisions about the economy. The Fed is expected to be on the sidelines until mid-year when it might resume short-term interest rate cuts.
Regarding the U.S. economy, the crucial releases will be Wednesday’s consumer inflation (CPI) and Friday’s retail sales numbers. CPI is expected to hold steady at an above-target 2.9% rate, but the details will be more critical with housing costs and services inflation closely watched. Retail sales are expected to slow from December’s rapid pace, but the U.S. consumer is the lifeblood of the economy.
U.S. CPI Inflation Estimate
Earnings season slows, but plenty of important companies are reporting this week. Fundamental data could take a backseat to politics. President Trump announced he would roll out reciprocal tariffs this week to match the levies other countries put on U.S. imports. Markets would probably see these as positive relative to the original thought of a 10-20% global tariff, but it would almost certainly add the European Union to the targeted regions. The duration of the higher tariffs, retaliatory action by impacted countries, the strength of the U.S. dollar, and the ability to switch to domestically produced or imports from non-impacted countries will impact any price increases or demand shocks caused by the tariffs, so the ultimate result is impossible to know. In any case, markets dislike uncertainty, so tariff news should add to volatility.
Disclosure: Glenview Trust holds many stocks mentioned in this article within its recommended investment strategies.
"
24,2025-02-08,"MagSafe cases for the Galaxy S25 Plus made me realize how silly I've been.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

After a bit of confusion, we now know that the Galaxy S25 series officially supports Qi v2.1 but without built-in magnets. Now, anyone interested in buying a Qi2 charger for their Galaxy S25 will have to contend with buying a case for the phone, a concession some may not like. I used to be on their side, thinking how lame it is that Samsung is essentially forcing us to buy a case. However, I’ve started changing my tune after using the Galaxy S25 Plus with a case, even as the Motorola Razr teases a world where I don’t need one.

I’ve used the Galaxy S25 Plus for a couple of weeks now, and I made sure that the first case I got was a magnetic case. In fact, I got a couple of very stylish cases from ESR, both of which are clear and nicely show off the Navy color of the Galaxy S25 Plus. The cases are thin and sport magnetic rings in a similar design found on iPhone cases: a circle with a line underneath.
This style of case is familiar because it's very common on iPhones. In fact, most iPhones I see out and about are fitted with a case of this sort despite the phones sporting built-in MagSafe support. The case requirement for Qi2 charging on the Galaxy S25 series only feels like a copout and money grab from Samsung in hopes that you'll buy one of its cases, but the way I see it, that's not the full story.
In fact, you should already want to buy a case for your $800+ phone, something I learned the hard way after buying an LG G8 at launch and dropping it just days later. I did not have a case, and the front and back glass cracked in one corner of the phone. Ever since then, I've used a case on nearly every phone I've owned, with the Razr Plus being my only exception (more on that later).
With the Galaxy S25 Plus, I would like to go on using it without a case, but the phone is already fairly slippery, and I don't trust myself to keep this $1,000 phone intact. Plus, it turns out my Oura Ring is scratching the rear glass panel whenever I hold the phone, which is ruining the pretty Navy color.
No one wants a bulky phone, but no one wants a broken one, either. If you really want Qi2 charging that bad, then you'll have to cough up the extra dough for a Galaxy S25 case. I think that's a pretty small concession, considering Samsung didn't raise the price of the Galaxy S25 series, plus you're getting protection and magnetic charging.

As cool as it would be to have built-in magnetic charging without a case, I can understand why Samsung didn't add it to the Galaxy S25 series. The phones haven't changed all that much in terms of design, so it’s not much of a surprise that the internal hardware didn't change much either, to the chagrin of myself and my colleagues.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
As explained by my colleague Jerry Hildenbrand, it's likely going to require plenty of design tweaks to get magnetic charging in a phone. Given how many phones Samsung produces a year, the company likely just did not have the resources or time to get it how it needs to be, especially on the S Pen-touting Galaxy S25 Ultra.
Last year's Ultra model apparently ran into some issues with magnets, and this year, we're seeing similar warnings about magnetic cases interfering with the S Pen. We've reached out to Samsung for an explanation on why our Ultra model has begun warning us about the use of magnetic cases interfering with This is probably why we only see true Qi2 magnetic charging on one Android phone, while Samsung and OnePlus opt for optional cases.
Then there's the Razr Plus. And before you get too excited, it doesn’t feature magnetic charging or Qi2. However, it does come with magnets in the phone, which are likely used to help keep the phone closed when folded. Because of this, I can mimic using MagSafe by attaching it to magnetic wireless chargers or other MagSafe accessories like car mounts, all without a case.
Ever since finding this out, it got me excited about what Qi2 would look like on Android, especially if and when it arrived on future flip phones.
I've laid out the reason why I don't like using cases on flip phones like the Razr or Galaxy Z Flip 6, and it boils down to the fact that flip phones are quite thick when folded. Adding a case, while still a smart thing to do, just makes them much bulkier (with the exception of Thinborne or Fiberborne, which unfortunately don't make cases for the Razr).
The magnets aren’t very strong, so it’s not something you should rely on, as the Razr will often slide off a device. However, if the accessory has strong enough magnets, then it feels like MagSafe, and I admit that I like it a lot. Plus, on version 1.x Qi chargers, the Razr will still get 15W.
Is it enough for me to cry over the Galaxy S25 not having built-in magnets? No, especially because I don't run into the same thickness problems as I do with a flip phone. And I imagine most people outside of anyone reading this probably don't care all that much about built-in magnetic charging, either.

If you're going to spend the amount of money it takes to purchase a Galaxy S25, then you should also budget to purchase a case and a screen protector. It's all the rage, and everyone's doing it.
A 2017 survey from Statista revealed that 79% of respondents used a protective case on their phone. A more recent survey from Android Police echoed the results, with an even higher percentage stating they use cases, particularly third-party options, and statistics tell us that the market for phone cases is only going to get bigger.
If you don't want one, that's your prerogative, and I commend your bravery. For those who plan to buy a Galaxy S25 with a case, you might as well look into getting one with magnets. Qi2 is merely a bonus in this case (pun intended), and regardless of whether you use a case or not, you'll still be getting the same tired 15W charging speed, it's just up to you whether you want your phone to stick to things or not.
Derrek is the managing editor of Android Central, helping to guide the site's editorial content and direction to reach and resonate with readers, old and new, who are just as passionate about tech as we are. He's been obsessed with mobile technology since he was 12, when he discovered the Nokia N90, and his love of flip phones and new form factors continues to this day. As a fitness enthusiast, he has always been curious about the intersection of tech and fitness. When he's not working, he's probably working out.
The Galaxy S24 Ultra just broke new ground for Android flagships
Hey Motorola, there's a time and a place for ads. A severe weather warning is neither.
Moto G 2025 review: So much better than I expected

Androidcentral is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
25,2025-02-08,"Mid adult man checking financial information on a smart phone while doing his bookkeeping in his ... [+] home office in Japan.  Depicts TradingView financial market chart.
Worried about the next round of tariffs? Tech disruption from DeepSeek? The geopolitical landscape?
All of the above?
Fret not my contrarian friend—here are seven wonderfully-sleepy dividend stocks. They yield between 5% and 14.1% and we are discussing them today because all seven boast low betas.
This means these shares move less than the overall market. An admirable quality when it comes to a dividend stock because we’re not here for the price drama, we’re here for the payout.
Beta represents an investment’s volatility against a benchmark. Stock beta is typically benchmarked against the S&P 500, aka “the market.” Beta is based around the number 1, so a stock with a beta equal to 1 moves with the market. If the S&P 500 is down 1%, we would expect this stock to be down one percent.
A beta above 1 is more volatile than the market. Think Bitcoin.
Our focus today is stocks with betas below one. If the S&P is down 1%, we expect these positions to be down 0.5% or 0.25% or so.
Betas are based on historical price movements and are not future guarantees. But directionally they can be helpful to know. We can reasonably expect low-beta stocks to deliver smaller swings in price action. We can easily see this dynamic at work when comparing a traditional emerging-market fund (very volatile) versus a minimum-volatility EM fund:
Beta
That said, beta is not the end of our research. We also consider the fundamentals driving the profits (and payouts) of tomorrow. Let’s get into these seven low betas, starting with our “lowest” yield of 5% and working our way all the way up to 14.1%. Let’s start with aisle five.
Baking specialist Flowers Foods (FLO, 5.0% yield), the company behind bread brands such as Nature’s Own, Dave’s Killer Bread, Wonder and Sunbeam, as well as snack brands including Tastykake and Mrs. Freshley’s.
FLO’s business is predictable. Revenues have been in a larger uptrend for years; same goes for profits, though legal settlements tied to employee classifications took a big chunk out of the bottom line in 2023. And that consistency has led to a longer-term (five-year) beta of just 0.37, or roughly only a third as volatile as the market, while its one-year beta of negative 0.11 reflects a truly slow-moving stock that hasn’t been aligned with the market. Given the year the broader market has had, that’s not great.
FLO Total Returns
We could excuse some of underperformance as investors keeping their assets away from stodgy defensive plays and chasing the market’s growth—FLO and the S&P 500 have been running almost inverse to each other for a couple of years now. But Flowers also has a problem with mismanaging expectations, and has produced mostly in-line or disappointing earnings reports during its current downtrend.
ConAgra (CAG, 5.6% yield) has a similar volatility profile, with a low five-year beta of 0.27 and a slightly negative one-year beta. It’s befitting a staples stock—one with a wider business than Flowers, dealing with four different divisions: Grocery & Snacks, Refrigerated & Frozen, International, and Foodservice. As a result, it offers a more diverse product lineup that includes Birds Eye frozen vegetables, Marie Callender’s and Healthy Choice frozen meals, Duncan Hines baking mixes, Slim Jim meat sticks, Reddi-wip whipped cream and Angie’s Boomchickapop popcorn, among others.
The financial picture is much less promising here. Profits have dropped in each of the past three years, and 2024’s net income was only a bit more than a quarter of what it was in 2021. Worse, the top and bottom lines are pacing for another retreat in the current fiscal year. While the majority of its brands continue to hold or gain market share, expectations for increased inflation are holding back ConAgra, which guided down in December.
CAG shares have long exemplified the “Dividend Magnet,” for better or worse.
Unfortunately, after a few years of annual dividend raises, ConAgra has once again gone more than a year without hiking the payout—and it shows.
Universal Corp. (UVV) has always stood out to me because it’s a useful oddball in a niche dividend space. Specifically, it’s a “picks and shovels” play in tobacco. Traditional tobacco stocks are names like Philip Morris (PM) and Altria (MO) that produce cigarettes and other tobacco products. However, Universal Corp. doesn’t produce finished products—it merely supplies the tobacco.
Actually, it does much more—in addition to procuring and processing flue-cured, burley, dark air-cured, and oriental leaf tobacco, it also has an ingredients division (Universal Ingredients) and a “value-added agricultural business” (Universal Enterprises) that includes nicotine production, a lifecycle data solution and even a compost facility.
There’s a decided lack of volatility in corporate financials and the dividend, which are growing, albeit slowly. But one- and five-year betas of 0.14 and 0.78 actually reflect shares that refuse to mirror the S&P 500 more than they reflect serene stock movement.
UVV Total Returns
Unfortunately, for the moment, UVV is hands-off. The company hasn’t released a quarterly earnings report since August—in November, it received a notice from the New York Stock Exchange that it was not in compliance for failing to report its quarter numbers and has six months to file its 10-Q. This largely stems from an internal investigation over allegations of embezzlement at a Mozambique subsidiary. Universal doesn’t believe it will have a material negative impact for the fiscal year, but even if we were considering getting our feet wet, the most prudent move would be to wait until the company is back in compliance.
Amcor (AMCR) is a cyclical play that often feels like it’s defensive. This Switzerland-headquartered firm makes a variety of packaging—everything from shrink bags for food to blister packaging for pharmaceutical pills to sachets for cosmetic samples—for consumer and healthcare companies. So, yes, consumer demand still plays a big role in Amcor’s fortunes, but not as acutely as consumer cyclical companies that specialize in, say, just making snacks, or just making drinks.
Indeed, Amcor’s business line has enough financial stability that it boasts more than 40 years of consecutive dividend increases, putting it among the ranks of the Dividend Aristocrats—a title it picked up from the 2019 acquisition of Bemis.
The problem? Amcor has been largely treading water for years. So yes, volatility has been low—its one- and five-year betas sit at 0.27 and 0.85, respectively—but so have its prospects. Indeed, it was largely looking toward aggressive cost cuts to improve its bottom line.
But Amcor might very well have found a potential catalyst through another acquisition. It’s currently in the process of trying to merge with U.S. packaging manufacturer Berry Global (BERY), which Amcor hopes will drive volume growth through greater scale in existing categories, as well as entering new categories and geographies—not to mention the potential for synergies.
One of the highest-yielding low-beta stocks out there is Omega Healthcare Investors (OHI, 7.1% yield), which sits at the intersection of healthcare and real estate. Specifically, it provides financing and capital solutions to skilled nursing facility and assisted living facility partners, with a portfolio of 962 properties in 42 states and the U.K. that are leased out to 81 different operators.
Omega has turned around its fortunes over the past couple of years—a combination of an improved operational story and a much friendlier interest-rate environment.
Its longer-term five-year beta isn’t all that low, at 0.97—roughly in line with the market. Its one-year beta is extremely low, at 0.20. Because while OHI has been jumpier than the real estate sector over the past year (as shown in the chart above), shares have been smooth compared to the rest of the market.
In theory, its positioning in long-term care at a time when demographics are increasingly in its favor, as well as OHI’s triple-net lease structures, should put the wind at Omega’s back. However, I mentioned a few months ago that OHI looked frothy, and since then, the stock has pulled back sharply amid a broader pullback in real estate. The valuation has improved, with shares now trading hands at 13-times next year’s FFO estimates. Reasonable though not quite a bargain.
It’s not often that we see traditional energy operators throwing off very high yield and low beta. But independent oil-and-gas producer Chord Energy (CHRD, 9.1% yield), which operates in the Big Sky’s Williston Basin, is an exception, with a 9%-plus yield, as well as one- and five-year average betas of 0.74 and 0.84, respectively—though the former is a little misleading.
CHRD Total Returns
The bad news first: Chord has been downright rotten over the past year, with weak oil prices hacking share prices down by a little less than 40% since they peaked in June 2024. But CHRD had some froth to work off following a 615% total return since the start of 2021 that more than tripled the energy sector in that time. Even including the past few months’ losses, it’s still up by roughly double.
Still, Chord boasts a pristine balance sheet and generates strong free cash flow even amid lean oil prices. Moreover, it has one of the industry’s best free-cash-flow (FCF) payout programs, bolstered by its merger with Canadian E&P Enerplus. For at least the past few quarters, it has set return of capital (RoC) at 75% of FCF. That goes toward paying a base dividend of $1.25 per share (~4.5% yield); any additional free cash flow past that funds a variable dividend and/or share buybacks.
CHRD is tactical about these expenditures. For instance, in the second quarter, RoC was set at $197 million, and Chord bought back roughly $62 million in shares while paying out a $1.27/share variable dividend. But in Q3, during which shares really started to tumble, RoC was set at $234 million, which included $146 million in buybacks (and the authorization of a new $750 million repurchase program) but a smaller 19-cent variable distribution.
The downside? Yields can really fluctuate from year to year. But it’s hard to argue Chord doesn’t have shareholders’ best interests at heart.
Low-beta dividends don’t get much bigger than International Seaways (INSW, 14.1% yield), which owns and operates a fleet of 83 ocean vessels that transport crude oil and petroleum products. Currently, its fleet includes 38 Medium Range (MR) tankers, 14 Long Range 1s (LR1s), 13 Suezmaxes, 13 Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCCs), and five Long Range 2s (LR2s).
International Seaways, like CHRD and OHI, is another example of how low beta can sometimes be deceiving. In INSW’s case, its five- and one-year betas are exceedingly low, at -0.11 and 0.14, respectively, but like many of its tanker brethren, this stock can really move.
More importantly, this stock is about as tethered to its dividend as it gets.
INSW Total Returns
Of course, that’s because International Seaways’ dividend is even more variable than Chord. INSW features a 12-cent quarterly distribution representing just 1.2% worth of yield—thus, the vast majority of this double-digit dividend is heavily reliant on business conditions, which naturally also dictate the ups and downs of the stock itself.
It’s not ideal for retirement planners, but low beta and all, swing traders might be attracted to this mix of high potential upside and yield. Specifically, INSW boasts solid fundamentals, low capex and a low cash-flow breakeven, and if shipping rates rebound in 2025 as expected, that could be a potent combo.
Brett Owens is Chief Investment Strategist for Contrarian Outlook. For more great income ideas, get your free copy his latest special report: Your Early Retirement Portfolio: Huge Dividends — Every Month — Forever.
Disclosure: none

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
26,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published a list of Michael Burry Stock Portfolio: Top 8 Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Baidu, Inc. (NASDAQ:BIDU) stands against other Michael Burry's portfolio stock picks.
Legendary investor Michael Burry is best known for his contrarian strategies that often outperform the overall market. Burry is famous for having foreseen the subprime mortgage crisis that occurred from 2007 to 2010. He shorted the mortgage bond market, making $800 million for himself and his investors.
While he made a name for himself at the height of the financial crisis in 2007, the legendary investor has built a reputation on Wall Street on his ability to identify and invest in market-beating opportunities. His recent actions demonstrate a trend toward high-conviction investments in cheap, market-leading businesses.
READ ALSO: 9 Best Augmented Reality Stocks to Invest in Under $10 and 12 High Growth Low PE Stocks to Buy.
“Dr. Burry’s one of those investors who doesn’t just follow the crowd,” says Edward Corona, a market trader and publisher of The Options Oracle Newsletter. “He’s a true contrarian, digging deep into the numbers and spotting opportunities others might miss.”
China is one market in which the legendary investor is taking a keen interest, going by holdings in Scion Asset Management, a hedge fund he established in 2013.  While the investment fund focuses on long-term capital appreciation, it also targets undervalued or misunderstood investment opportunities. That’s evident given that Burry’s biggest holdings are Chinese internet giants that have been battered in recent years amid a slowdown in the Chinese economy due to heightened regulatory pressure.
The changes in Scion Asset management came as Beijing stepped up its attempts to boost economic growth while putting breaks to regulatory pressure. Although the unexpected stimulus plan caused a wild surge in Chinese stocks, some market watchers are still wary of the industry’s long-term prospects. The CSI 300 Index, the nation’s equity benchmark, rose 32% in just two weeks following Beijing’s stimulus measures.
Despite identifying as a value investor, Burry tends to jump in and out of positions frequently rather than hold his stocks for an extended period. That was evident as he exited his position in a real estate company in the third quarter on concerns that the sector would capitulate amid high interest rates. His most significant action during the third quarter was selling all of his shares in a real estate investment trust (REIT) in Los Angeles. He used the money he received to hedge against potential losses on some of the company’s biggest investments.
To make the list of Michael Burry Stock Portfolio: Top 8 Stock Picks we scanned Scion Asset Management portfolio. We then settled on the legendary investor top holdings and analyzed why they stand out as long term plays. Finally, we ranked the stocks in ascending order based on Scion Asset Management’s stake value in the companies.
At Insider Monkey, we are obsessed with the stocks that hedge funds pile into. The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
Michael Burry of Scion Asset Management
Scion Asset Management’s Stake Value: $13.16 Million
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 54
Baidu, Inc. (NASDAQ:BIDU) is a Chinese internet giant that provides online marketing and cloud services through an internet platform. It offers search services, online marketing services, cloud services and other services from AI initiatives. It’s also a major force in computer vision, robotics, machine learning, autonomous driving, and all things artificial intelligence.
While Baidu, Inc. (NASDAQ:BIDU) was a big disappointment going down by 15% in 2024, the stock has started showing signs of bottoming out, going by the 6% gain since the start of the year.  The underperformance last year came as Baidu’s core business was negatively impacted by deteriorating macroeconomics in China. Likewise, the core advertising business came under pressure following the integration of GenAI content into search results, which disrupted near-term monetization. Fast forward, the advertising business is showing signs of improvement as the adverse effects of AI search normalize.
Furthermore, with notable developments in AI-driven product transformation and autonomous driving technology, Baidu, Inc.’s (NASDAQ:BIDU) AI-first strategy continues to be a top priority.  It is also expected to be a key growth driver in strengthening the company’s edge on search and cloud services.
Overall, BIDU ranks 4th on our list of Michael Burry's portfolio stock picks. While we acknowledge the potential of BIDU as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than BIDU but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
27,2025-02-08,"Business Insider Edition 
So you've been told to return to the office full-time.

        Maybe you're looking forward to the in-person interaction. Or perhaps you're worried about the commute, aren't sure about the dress code, or want to know if the policy is flexible.
    

        John Morgan, president of Career Transition & Mobility and Leadership Development at LHH, told Business Insider that being in the office can be important for people starting out their careers because it can help with onboarding, creating connections, and understanding the workplace's mission.
    

        Nicholas Bloom, a Stanford University professor and an economist, said being in the office can be helpful for innovation and mentoring opportunities, but many people like working from home because it gives them quiet time to focus.
    

        Whatever your views on the policy, Business Insider spoke to experts to learn the biggest challenges of RTO and the immediate steps you can take to feel more prepared.
    

        If you're feeling hesitant about going back full time, Amanda Augustine, career expert for TopResume, suggested talking to your manager about whether you can gradually build up from one day a week to five days. She also suggested trying out commuting options to identify what works best for you.
    

        ""You may find you're a lot less miserable if you get to ride a train or take a bus or take some sort of mass transportation where you could take a nap or listen to a podcast or read a book or zone out or put your makeup on, whatever it might be so that you kind of have your own time and you don't have to worry about being on the road,"" Augustine said.
    

        Brian Elliott, author of ""How the Future Works"" and CEO of Work Forward, said to discuss with your team which meetings everyone is required to attend.
    

        ""If you can at least adjust the commute times, that can be really beneficial,"" Elliott said. ""Meaning, if I don't have to commute during rush hour both directions, my commute may cut from being an hour to an hour and a half to being half an hour long, and that's a huge benefit.""
    

        Kyle M.K., Indeed's talent strategy advisor, said to find out what resources are available, including commuter benefits at your workplace.
    

        An Indeed survey about returning to the office, conducted by The Harris Poll from January 30 to February 3, found that 28% of remote or hybrid workers said the need to buy clothes would be a large barrier to fully returning to the office.
    

        Your casual working-from-home clothes might not be appropriate in the office.
    

        Augustine said it's OK to ask what you are expected to wear when working from the office.
    

        ""In some companies, jeans are fine, and in other companies, khakis and a blazer are as underdressed as you're going to get,"" she said.
    

        You should get clarity about the exact expectations for time in the office and your responsibilities.
    

        Elliott suggested asking, ""Hey, what results am I expected to achieve? And as long as I'm achieving those, can I have some degree of flexibility back in return for continuing to perform on a very high level?""
    

        Some people, such as those who graduated from college during the pandemic, have only ever worked remotely. Augustine's advice for them is to seek out someone respected at their company who has had more in-office experience. She said you can ask this person what the typical attire was like before employees worked remotely, suggestions on concentrating while working from the office, and rules for decorating office space.
    

        ""The questions you ask this individual can really run the gamut, but the idea is to leverage their experience so your transition back to the office goes smoothly,"" she said.
    

        She added you should also talk to your manager about the office, including how they prefer to communicate while working in person — over a messaging platform or face to face.
    

        If you're frustrated by the new work policy but don't want to leave your job, Augustine said try viewing this as an opportunity.
    

        ""If you really love what you're doing and you don't want to leave, but you're upset about this, and it's pretty hard that there's not going to be any flexibility, then you're going to have to bite the bullet,"" Augustine said. ""You're going to have to accept it.""
    

        If you still want to leave, be prepared for a competitive remote job market. Recent Indeed data showed a lower share of job postings advertising remote or hybrid options recently compared to 2022.
    

        Elliott said job seekers are more marketable when they're holding a job.
    

        Plus, there may be less enforcement of the mandate over time. ""If it were me I would comply initially to see if the new mandate is going to be enforced,"" Bloom said in an email. ""Often the enforcement is initially high but wanes over time. It also provides some time to actively search for another job.""
    

        Augustine suggested waiting to quit until you're financially secure unless the job damages your health. She said in the meantime to take inventory of your skills and strengths while considering your non-negotiables for your next job.
    

        While many US workers are returning to an office after being remote for the past few years, Kyle M.K. of Indeed thinks this return-to-office trend will be short-lived, and employers will give employees some flexibility again.
    

        ""I think eventually employers are going to recognize that the well-being of their employees is far more important than any other assumption that they might have about what it takes to have a great workforce, and listening to their employees is probably going to be their best strategy moving forward,"" he said.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
28,2025-02-08,"Business Insider Edition 
More and more older Americans are getting priced out of their homes — and some are turning to their vehicles as their new abodes.

        Two older Americans in their 70s who live in their vehicles told Business Insider that even though they love the nomadic lifestyle, they couldn't make ends meet if they rented more traditional homes. Both said van life has allowed them to save more and work toward a more stable future.
    

        Both said they adopted van life primarily because of the difficulties of facing an expensive housing market on a fixed income. They added that they enjoyed the freedom and adventure, wanting a change of pace from their day-to-day lives.
    

Are you an American experiencing housing instability or risk losing your home? Are you an older American with an uncommon housing situation? Reach out to this reporter at nsheidlower@businessinsider.com.


        Both older Americans told BI why they took up van life, how they make it work, and what they've noticed about older Americans in their community.
    

Minivan Lee, who asked BI to use her YouTube name, lives in her van in Arizona. Lee, 71, has been a nomad for eight years after living in Tucson for 45 years, where she raised four children. She became a single mother after her husband was killed by a drunken driver.
    

        Lee worked in construction and for an architect before returning to school to earn her psychology and sociology degrees. She always made slightly above minimum wage but never earned enough to save much. She never owned a home and lived in various apartments, but she said she raised her children well with what she had.
    

        ""There was no career — it was just working,"" Lee said. ""There was never a middle class for me. It was always lower class.""
    

        After researching van life, Lee bought a minivan once her children were grown. Lee said she found people across the socioeconomic spectrum, including some millionaires, adopting the lifestyle.
    

        While she loved the lifestyle and freedom of living in her van, she said it was somewhat of a necessity. She estimates she would barely have any savings left over if she rented.
    

        ""Even though I did want to do this, there is no way right now that I would afford renting because, in the last four years, rents have gone sky high,"" Lee said.
    

        Lee said most older Americans who she interacts with and who live on the road rely on Social Security or a small pension. She said she sees many women living in their vans and cars in Flagstaff, many of whom said they couldn't afford housing or were evicted. She's received dozens of comments on her videos from people writing they can't afford housing or food anymore and are buying vans as a last resort.
    

        Lee said she is the ""perfect candidate for small spaces."" She has a stove, a small refrigerator, a makeshift bathroom, lighting, and many other necessities. She learned to do some maintenance work herself, from checking fluids to changing air filters.
    

        ""There is such freedom in that if I don't like what I'm seeing around me, or if somebody's smoking a cigarette and it's coming in through my van, I can move,"" Lee said. ""If you're in a home, you can't.""
    

        She uses her phone as a hot spot, and she has a $10 monthly gym membership that doubles as her shower. Given that she only goes to a few places daily, she suspects she spends less on gas — she estimates about $110 monthly — than if she drove while living in a house. She pays $85 monthly for a storage unit, between $300 and $400 monthly for food, and $75 for car insurance.
    

        Lee receives slightly over $1,000 monthly in Social Security, and with her earnings from YouTube and sales of her books on van life, she saves a few hundred a month. She said she has decent savings but added, ""It's nothing like what it should be for my age.""
    

        Lee said she hopes to have her own permanent place one day, given she's unsure she can live comfortably in her van as she ages.
    

        ""It's certainly not going to carry me into my 90s,"" Lee said.
    

Lindy Moore, 77, a military veteran, worked as a programmer and accounting manager for over a decade. She also started a vintage clothing and antiques business. However, she couldn't afford her apartment after losing much of her savings in a housing scam nearly a decade ago, so she switched to living in her van for the last few years.
    

        Moore, who lives in the Sacramento area, was close to paying off the mobile home, only to find out from the state that the park never had the rights to sell the homes. The park was shut down, and she didn't get any of her money back. She had no savings and nowhere to live except in her small minivan.
    

        Moore lived for two years in the parking lot of a KFC where she worked. Then, she briefly lived in an apartment, but when her rent increased, she couldn't afford it with her income from Social Security, KFC, and Uber driving. Around the same time, she navigated two cancer diagnoses, and work became cumbersome.
    

        She moved into her van full-time about five years ago and focused more on scaling her YouTube channel, where she covers life on the road. She also switched to working at Walmart.
    

        ""As you get older, you're just sitting there watching TV, your body has given out, and you can't do a lot of physical things,"" Moore said. ""You're just waiting to die. I wanted a last adventure and didn't want to keep working all the time.""
    

        Moore said while some of her friends in vans have a house, many only have a vehicle. Some are in their 80s or 90s and have few other living options, she said.
    

        ""They just can't afford their rent, and their bodies aren't going to allow them to keep working,"" Moore said.
    

        Still, she said the van life community has helped her stay confident and locate resources to live more comfortably, even though her YouTube channel doesn't bring in much money.
    

        She said adjusting to living in her van came with mental challenges, such as receiving shaming comments from people. Another hurdle included learning to safely care for her belongings and protect her privacy. It took time to learn how to cook on a one-burner stove, stay warm or cool, and where to regularly access water.
    

        Her expenses are way down compared to living in an apartment. Her rent was previously about $1,200 monthly. Now, her van is paid off, and her butane for her stove is about $120. She pays between $200 and $300 monthly for gas, below $10 monthly for water, and a few hundred dollars monthly in food since she said she stocks food in case of an emergency. She estimates that her total monthly spending stays below $1,000, including vehicle maintenance, and she doesn't travel.
    

        Moore said this might be her last full year of van life, and after a recent heart surgery, she said she wants the stability of a tiny house.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
29,2025-02-08,"New Windows 11 features, Selenium development semester, the latest from Qualcomm v Arm, and so much more!

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Daniel Rubino and Zac Bowden host this week's episode of the Windows Central Podcast, and on the agenda is Windows 11 and what looks to be next for the platform, including new features and Selenium. We'll talk about the current state of the Copilot+ PC, why it's confusing, and whether we're happy with ours so far. We also discuss our expectations around Build 2025 now that it's official, the latest updates from Qualcomm vs Arm, and the current state of Snapdragon laptops in the PC market.
It's a fun one, so tune in!
If you like the show, please let us know by give us a rating on your podcast platform of choice. It really helps us!
You can watch the live streamed version of the Windows Central Podcast on our YouTube channel!
All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
Zac Bowden is a Senior Editor at Windows Central. Bringing you exclusive coverage into the world of Windows on PCs, tablets, phones, and more. Also an avid collector of rare Microsoft prototype devices! Keep in touch on Twitter and Threads

Windowscentral is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
30,2025-02-08,
31,2025-02-08,"Apple @ Work is exclusively brought to you by Mosyle, the only Apple Unified Platform. Mosyle is the only solution that integrates in a single professional-grade platform all the solutions necessary to seamlessly and automatically deploy, manage & protect Apple devices at work. Over 45,000 organizations trust Mosyle to make millions of Apple devices work-ready with no effort and at an affordable cost. Request your EXTENDED TRIAL today and understand why Mosyle is everything you need to work with Apple.
Google has carefully built its presence in the enterprise market for nearly two decades, starting with a key launch in 2006. That summer, Google introduced Google Apps for Your Domain, the first iteration of what would eventually become Google Workspace. This early version allowed businesses, schools, and organizations to use Gmail, Calendar, and Docs on their own custom domains for free. This was a groundbreaking move at the time, offering a simple yet effective alternative to traditional email hosting solutions and making it much easier to deploy Chromebooks. I would argue it’s one of Google’s most impactful products in its history.

					Abode is the best home security system and includes compatibility with HomeKit.				
About Apple @ Work: Bradley Chambers managed an enterprise IT network from 2009 to 2021. Through his experience deploying and managing firewalls, switches, a mobile device management system, enterprise grade Wi-Fi, 1000s of Macs, and 1000s of iPads, Bradley will highlight ways in which Apple IT managers deploy Apple devices, build networks to support them, train users, stories from the trenches of IT management, and ways Apple could improve its products for IT departments.
Its decision to offer a free plan early on set Google apart from other early cloud email services. This move attracted cost-conscious organizations eager to move away from either on-prem email hosting or consumer grade (yourbusiness@gmail.com) without taking on additional cost. By providing robust email hosting tied to custom domains at no cost, Google quickly built credibility and gained a foothold in the enterprise productivity space in a time when Microsoft hadn’t committed to a cloud service. It pitched itself as a way to move away from managing Exchange. 
This strategy paid off over the years as Google’s offerings continued to evolve, rebranding first as G Suite and then as Google Workspace. Today, Google Workspace and Microsoft 365 dominate the cloud email market, with its large collaboration feature set serving as the go-to email and collaboration solutions for businesses worldwide. Google’s early gamble on simplicity and affordability significantly shaped today’s cloud productivity landscape in many ways.
While alternatives like Proton Mail, Spike for Teams, FastMail, and others have entered the scene with unique offerings, they haven’t disrupted the dominance of the “big two.” However, Apple may be sitting on the foundation to introduce a new option for businesses.

					Upgrade your home security with wireless cameras that includes HomeKit compatibility.				
Apple’s 2021 addition of custom email domains for iCloud+ was a small but significant move in my opinion. This feature allows users to host custom email addresses with Apple, but its focus has remained largely on individuals and families. Despite this, it hints at a larger potential, in my opinion
Apple’s Managed Apple Accounts—currently used for education and enterprise deployment—could easily integrate with iCloud’s email hosting capabilities. The infrastructure exists, and Apple has already shown interest in serving business customers through its strong focus on enterprise device management APS, support, and even dabbling in device management itself with Apple Business Essentials
While a full-fledged Google Workspace or Microsoft 365 competitor might be a stretch, Apple doesn’t need to aim that high. Instead, it could position the service as a more straightforward solution for organizations already invested in Apple’s ecosystem – email and iWork collaboration only. As Google and Microsoft have tried to layer on more and more features, Apple could focus on a simple approach. Their product marketing message could be similar to how they pitched MobileMe years ago (Exchange for the Rest of Us). Focus on how Google and Microsoft’s products are complicated to manage and get the most of out, and then pitch iCoud for Business as an alternative.
Businesses that go “all in” on Apple hardware—leveraging iPhones, iPads, and Macs—could benefit from a native email and productivity solution. It wouldn’t have to match Google or Microsoft feature-for-feature. Instead, Apple could offer something unique: an email hosting and collaboration solution tightly integrated with macOS, iOS, and iPadOS. Think of it as Apple’s way of making the IT experience even more seamless for companies already committed to the ecosystem.

					Upgrade your doors with Apple Home Key and the Aqara U50.				
An Apple-powered email and collaboration suite could be an ideal solution for small businesses, schools, or creative teams that prioritize Apple’s simplicity and privacy. It could tie nicely into Apple’s default apps (Mail, Calendar, iWork, and FaceTime/iMessage). 
With Apple’s growing focus on enterprise features—like improved device management APIs and tighter integrations with business workflows—it seems more possible than ever that Apple could release a basic business email hosting solution with iWork support. It wouldn’t replace Google Workspace or Microsoft 365 for most organizations, but it doesn’t need to. Apple’s strength lies in offering polished, easy-to-use solutions that complement its hardware. It could start small, pitch it for small teams, and then try to evolve this service over time.
Apple doesn’t have to beat Google and Microsoft—it just needs to give its customers another option to stick with the ecosystem they already trust.
Apple @ Work is exclusively brought to you by Mosyle, the only Apple Unified Platform. Mosyle is the only solution that integrates in a single professional-grade platform all the solutions necessary to seamlessly and automatically deploy, manage & protect Apple devices at work. Over 45,000 organizations trust Mosyle to make millions of Apple devices work-ready with no effort and at an affordable cost. Request your EXTENDED TRIAL today and understand why Mosyle is everything you need to work with Apple.
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.

					Upgrade your home security with wireless cameras that includes HomeKit compatibility.				

					Abode is the best home security system and includes compatibility with HomeKit.				

					Upgrade your doors with Apple Home Key and the Aqara U50.				
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Apple @ Work is a 9to5Mac series where Bradley C…
Tips, feedback, corrections and questions can be sent to Bradley@9to5mac.com.

										Upgrade your home security with wireless cameras that includes HomeKit compatibility.									

										Abode is the best home security system and includes compatibility with HomeKit.									
Manage push notifications"
32,2025-02-08,"More than three decades after leaving the Soviet Union, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania have begun to unplug from Russia's electricity grid and join the EU's network.
The two-day process began on Saturday morning, with residents told to charge their devices, stock up on food and water, and prepare as if severe weather is forecast. 
Many have been told not to use lifts - while in some areas traffic lights will be turned off.
A giant, specially-made clock, will count down the final seconds before the transition at a landmark ceremony in Lithuania's capital on Sunday, attended by EU chief Ursula von der Leyen.
The three nations will then officially transition away from the grid that has connected them to Russia since the years after World War Two. 
The so-called Brell power grid - which stands for Belarus, Russia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania - is controlled almost entirely by Moscow and has long been seen as a vulnerability for the former Soviet republics, which are now Nato members.
Though none of them have purchased electricity from Russia since 2022, their connection to the Brell grid left them dependent on Moscow for energy flow. 
After disconnecting on Saturday morning, the three countries will carry out frequency tests before integrating into the European grid via Poland on Sunday. 
""We are now removing Russia's ability to use the electricity system as a tool of geopolitical blackmail,"" Lithuania's Energy Minister Zygimantas Vaiciunas told AFP news agency.
""It's the culmination of efforts over more than 10 years or 20 years, to reduce that energy dependence,"" Prof David Smith of the Baltic Research Unit at the University of Glasgow told the BBC.
""When the Baltic States joined the EU and Nato, everybody talked about them being an energy island that was still dependent on that joint electricity network with Belarus and Russia,"" said Smith. ""That's been completely broken now.""
Tensions between the Baltic States and Russia, which share a combined 543 mile-long (874km) border, have soared since Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022.
Since then, a spate of suspected sabotage incidents involving electricity cables and pipelines in the Baltic Sea have prompted fears that Moscow could retaliate against the shift towards EU energy.
In the past 18 months, at least 11 cables running under the Baltic Sea have been damaged. In a recent case,  a ship from Russia's ""shadow fleet"" of oil tankers was accused of damaging Estonia's main power link in the Gulf of Finland. The Kremlin declined to comment.
Nato has not accused Russia, but has responded by launching a new patrol mission of the region named Baltic Sentry.
""We cannot rule out some kind of provocation. That is why Latvian and foreign security authorities are on high alert,"" Latvian President Edgars Rinkēvičs said on Wednesday.
""Clearly there are risks, we understand that very well,"" Latvian Prime Minister Evika Silina echoed. ""But the risks are identified and there is a contingency plan."" 
A spokesperson from the Nato Energy Security Centre of Excellence told the BBC that in recent months, frequent emergency operation tests have been carried out to help prepare for potential targeted attacks on the energy system.
The head of Estonia's Cybersecurity Centre, Gert Auvaart, told the BBC in a statement that Russia ""may attempt to exploit this period to create uncertainty"", but said that due to international co-operation, Estonia was  ""well-prepared even for worst-case scenarios"".
He added that cyber-attacks against the country had surged following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, and ranged from ""hacktivist-driven DDoS attacks [Distributed Denial-Of-Service] to more sophisticated, targeted operations against government agencies and businesses"".
The Baltic states will also be on watch for disinformation campaigns related to the transition.
Shortly after they notified Russia of their decision to withdraw from Brell in August 2024, campaigns emerged on social media falsely warning of supply failures and soaring prices if the countries were to leave the joint power grid. 
US President Donald Trump threatens EU with trade taxes but hints he could reach a deal with the UK. 
Trump accuses the EU of taking advantage of the US but says UK PM Starmer has been ""very nice"".
The trip is part of what the PM calls a ""reset"" between the UK and the European Union.
Kaja Kallas says Europe needs to increase investment to keep pace with threats facing the continent. 
But the PM wants to ""make Brexit work better for the British people"", Downing Street says.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
33,2025-02-08,"If you aren’t interested in spending $1,000 on your next Pixel but love what Google offers, the Pixel 8 Pro is looking good at $600"
34,2025-02-08,"Update, Saturday Feb 8, 2025: This article has been updated with details on Apple’s new 5G modem for the iPhone SE.
Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, visits an Apple store in New York City.  (Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty ... [+] Images/2015)
Apple’s eagerly awaited return to the ultra-competitive mid-range smartphone market with a new iPhone SE could happen in the next week.
Writing for Bloomberg, noted Apple reporter Mark Gurman offering a schedule for the release of the iPhone SE; and it’s faster than many anticipated: ""The company expects to announce the device as early as next week, ahead of it going on sale later in the month, according to people with knowledge of the matter.""
The launch of the fourth iPhone SE has been pencilled in for Q1 2025 by the community for nearly a year, although recent reporting has pointed to a late March release, possibly slipping into early April. This would happen close to the release of iOS 18.4 and the final steps in the first generation suite of AI tools awkwardly backronymed to Apple Intelligence.
Those plans look set to change, at least in part. Although Gurman reports a launch in the coming days, the actual release of the iPhone SE is a more nebulous “later in the month,” pushing deeper into Q1.
Update, Saturday Feb 8, 2025: One interesting quirk of launching earlier is the feedback Apple will get from the iPhone SE’s 5G modem. 9to5Mac reports that the SE will debut Apple’s in-house modem rather than the Qualcomm chipset that has served countless iPhone models over the last decade. This will be Apple’s first modem following the purchase of Intel’s smartphone modem division for $1 billion in July 2019.
Apple will be keen to bring the modem stack under its complete control rather than following Qualcomm’s roadmap and timescales. The iPhone SE will be the first public step in this process. No doubt, a further step will be taken in Sept 2025, with at least one of the new iPhone 17 models coming with an Apple modem.
The early launch of the iPhone SE in late February, compared to potentially mid-April, which was previously discussed, will give Apple user data from the modem some six weeks earlier, which will give more than enough time to contribute to the final design of the iPhone 17 family.
: An apple employee counts cash after a person purchases Apple’s new iPhone 15 with 100 dollar bills ... [+] (Photo by Alexi Rosenfeld/Getty Images)
There are some advantages for Tim Cook and his team if the decision is made to reveal the iPhone SE at this point in time.
First, launching a new iPhone will boost overall sales. While the iPhone 15 was the top-selling smartphone in global sales for 2024, Apple’s global share of the smartphone market fell in the last quarter of 2024, according to data from Counterpoint Research. This quarter includes the vast majority of sales of the current iPhone 16 family.
Then, there is the competitive nature of the mid-range market. Before Apple can sell the iPhone SE it has to stop consumers from buying a smartphone from another manufacturer. This year’s Mobile World Congress will take place on Monday, March 3, and a raft of new smartphones will be announced, many of which will directly compete with the iPhone SE.
While the die-hards in the Apple community will wait for the SE, the average consumer may not be as connected to the release dates. Launching and releasing before MWC will give the iPhone SE a clearer run to the market.
Finally, Apple can take better control of the story by launching early. In the MWC run-up, many smartphones set to launch in Barcelona will have their specs, details and unique features leaked. Manufacturers will hope this ties in with their marketing decisions, but that may not be the case. The same is true—perhaps more so— for any new iPhone release.
It has been three years since Apple launched a mid-range smartphone, and the market has changed. Cameras have multiple lenses and improved optics, chipsets are faster with more performance, storage and memory have grown closer to flagship levels, and generative AI has become a huge selling point in the last year.
Apple’s AI efforts are competent at best, the main camera is expected to offer just a single lens and the “iPhone price premium” could work against the hardware in such a competitive space. Apple's decision to get ahead of the story and set its own terms may be the most significant benefit of an early announcement.
With all that said, the iPhone SE could become one of the pivotal iPhones to come out of Cupertino in years.
Now read more about the potential specifications of the iPhone SE...

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
35,2025-02-08,"River cruises have a reputation as sedate, culture-focused journeys for retirees, but Celebrity aims to change that from 2027. Can it succeed with river cruises?
Historic cities like Bratislava are popular with European river cruise lines.
Could river cruises be about to change? The recent announcement that Celebrity Cruises will enter the river cruise market in 2027 is set to pique the interest of many frequent ocean cruisers.
With one of the world’s most recognizable cruise brands making the leap inland, more travelers may be tempted to swap the open seas for the winding waterways of Europe, Asia and beyond.
Ocean cruising is synonymous with grandeur—floating cities packed with Broadway-style entertainment, seemingly endless dining options, and cutting-edge amenities suitable for all ages. The latest megaships even boast sprawling waterparks, go-kart tracks, and robotic bartenders, creating a resort-like experience at sea.
But those expecting Celebrity’s river cruises to be a scaled-down version of their favorite cruise ship experience are in for a surprise.
River cruising is an entirely different concept, offering a slower pace, a more intimate atmosphere, and an emphasis on cultural immersion. Instead of days at sea, you’ll glide past centuries-old castles, charming villages, and iconic landmarks, often docking in the heart of historic cities.
Parent company Royal Caribbean Group has announced plans to launch Celebrity River Cruises in 2027, marking a significant expansion into the premium river cruise market.
The brand has placed an initial order for 10 river ships, which will take design cues from its sleek, modern Edge Series ocean vessels.
Each ship will carry around 180 guests, and unlike many river cruise lines, Celebrity will allow children on board. However, the product won’t be all-inclusive, setting it apart from some of its competitors.
While the company has already secured berthing rights for key river destinations, full details—including itineraries and booking timelines—are expected later this year.
Royal Caribbean Group sees river cruising as a long-term growth opportunity, with potential future expansion through its ultra-luxury Silversea brand.
Celebrity’s river cruise ships will take design cues from the popular ‘Edge’ Series of cruise ships.
By integrating the new offering into its loyalty program, the company aims to keep travelers within its ecosystem, providing a seamless transition between ocean and river experiences.
For those used to ocean cruising, stepping onto a river cruise ship can feel like entering a completely different world.
While Celebrity’s new river cruise ships will take design cues from its modern Edge Series, passengers shouldn’t expect anything like the same scale of entertainment, dining, or onboard amenities. There’s simply not enough room.
River cruise ships are much smaller, typically accommodating between 100 and 250 guests. Unlike ocean megaships, river vessels are compact by necessity, designed to navigate narrow waterways and low bridges.
A typical layout includes two decks of cabins with a lounge, restaurant, and sun deck, but no casinos, large theatres, or waterparks. Even the most luxurious river cruise lines prioritize function over flash.
Another key difference is entertainment and onboard activities. While ocean cruises offer Broadway-style shows, live music, and activities ranging from trivia to dance classes, river cruising is more subdued.
Evenings are often quiet, with fixed dining times, entertainment limited to lectures or perhaps a local musician playing in the lounge. The focus is on enrichment rather than spectacle, with itineraries designed around exploring historic towns and cultural sites.
Instead of spending days at sea, passengers wake up in a new port each morning, often within walking distance of historic city centers. However, water levels can impact routes, sometimes requiring last-minute itinerary changes or even bus transfers to continue the journey.
Finally, while ocean cruising offers a mix of price points, river cruises are typically more expensive, though they often include meals, excursions, and gratuities in the fare.
Celebrity River Cruises won’t be fully all-inclusive, but it will still be a premium experience—just one that feels far more intimate than its ocean-going counterpart.
To understand how Celebrity might approach river cruising, it helps to look at Viking, a brand that has successfully expanded from rivers to oceans while maintaining a strong identity.
While many frequent cruise travelers know Viking for its handful of small, “value luxury” ocean ships, its river cruise fleet totals more than 80 vessels sailing on the rivers of Europe, Egypt, and Asia.
Despite the differences between ocean and river cruising, Viking has maintained a consistent brand experience across both markets. Its ships feature Scandinavian-inspired design, a focus on enrichment over flashy entertainment, and a premium-but-affordable approach that attracts a similar demographic across both product lines.
If Celebrity follows a similar path, expect its river cruises to feel familiar to loyal ocean guests—offering stylish, modern ships and premium service—while embracing the slower pace and cultural immersion that define river cruising.
The big question is whether Celebrity’s ocean fans will embrace the shift from ocean to river. Only time will tell.


One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
36,2025-02-08,"Tom Brady and Patrick Mahomes. Patrick Mahomes and Tom Brady. When one considers the dominant NFL conversation-starters of the past quarter century, these names rise to the top. 
Brady with his record seven Super Bowls and Greatest of All Time (GOAT) status. Mahomes, the Kansas City Chiefs superstar, is chasing history on Super Bowl Sunday, trying to become the first signal-caller to win three straight Super Bowls titles. A win against the Philadelphia Eagles would already give Mahomes four championships, at age 29, leaving him plenty of time to threaten Brady’s supremacy. 
Quarterbacks, quarterbacks, quarterbacks.
Peyton Manning, Aaron Rodgers, Brett Favre, Lamar Jackson, on and on. Fans obsess about the arms. Teams pay astronomical sums for the good ones. No question, there have been outstanding players at other positions that demand our attention: J.J. Watt, Terrell Owens, Troy Polamalu, to name a few.
But there was once a time, from the ‘70s to the ‘90s, when runners weren’t just game-changing players, but bonafide mainstream stars. Emmitt Smith, Barry Sanders, Bo Jackson, Walter “Sweetness” Payton, Marcus Allen, O.J. Simpson. Everyone knew the big running backs (RBs).
That hasn’t really been the case in recent years. Until now, thanks to Philadelphia Eagles running back Saquon Barkley, the key player of Super Bowl 59. Especially if Barkley and his Eagles can pull off the win, knocking Mahomes off his quarterback (QB) perch. 
With his monster 2024 regular season and postseason, Barkley brought some shine back to the running backs. Barkley has scored five rushing touchdowns (TDs) this postseason: if he were to achieve three more at the Super Bowl, he’d tie Terrell Davis for the most rushing scores in a single playoffs (eight, in the playoffs following the 1997 season). In the 1998 season and postseason, Davis rushed for 2,476 yards, an all-time high, as the Broncos repeated as Super Bowl champs. 
With just 30 rushing yards on Sunday, Barkley—who will turn 28 on Super Bowl Sunday—will break Davis’ record for most total rushing yards in a regular season and playoffs. 
Three of Barkley’s TD runs during Philadelphia’s playoff run have been for 60 or more yards; he ran for 62 and 78-yard scores against the Los Angeles Rams in the divisional round, and added a 60-yard TD rush in the NFC Championship Game, against the Washington Commanders. 
In short, Barkley’s been a thrill ride all year. He’s a threat to break free, on any handoff. He could will the Eagles to victory, almost solely on the deftness of his footsteps.
Between 1990 and 2000, five running backs were named NFL MVP. Since then, only three RBs have won the award, and none since Adrian Peterson, in 2012. Buffalo Bills QB Josh Allen edged out Jackson for the 2024 honor; Barkley, as dominant as he was, finished third. 
The conventional wisdom, in recent years, is that running backs are expendable. They can be replenished by younger, cheaper players that cycle through the league. While Brady and Rodgers can play into their 40s, running backs have a much shorter shelf life. The market for running backs was so financially depressed—relative to other positions— in 2023 that a group of top RBs, including Barkley, reportedly hopped on a Zoom call to express their concerns. 
The undervaluing of running backs was put on full display last year on Hard Knocks, the popular behind-the-scenes HBO docuseries that embeds with an NFL team. The series tracked the New York Giants, Barkley’s former team, last off-season; New York general manager Joe Schoen had inked quarterback Daniel Jones to a four year, $160 million contract extension in 2023. The cameras caught him wavering on his commitment to Barkley. “You’re paying the guy $40 million,” Schoen said of Jones. “It’s not to hand the ball off to a $12 million back,” meaning Barkley. 
So Schoen encouraged Barkley to test free agency. “I’d have a tough time sleeping if Saquon goes to Philadelphia, I’ll tell you that,” New York owner John Mara said in front of the cameras. Barkley wound up signing a three-year contract, worth $37.75 million that includes $26 million guaranteed, with Philly, New York’s division rival. Barkley’s in the Super Bowl. New York released Jones this season, and finished 3-14. 
After Barkley’s success, teams would be wise to rethink their investments in running backs. Davis was the last running back to win Super Bowl MVP honors, 27 years ago. If Barkley can repeat that feat, it’s official. 
This NFL thing has some legs. 
Write to Sean Gregory at sean.gregory@time.com"
37,2025-02-08,"    We, Yahoo, are part of the Yahoo family of brandsThe sites and apps that we own and operate, including Yahoo and AOL, and our digital advertising service, Yahoo Advertising.Yahoo family of brands.

    If you do not want us and our partners to use cookies and personal data for these additional purposes, click 'Reject all'.

    If you would like to customise your choices, click 'Manage privacy settings'.

    You can withdraw your consent or change your choices at any time by clicking on the 'Privacy & cookie settings' or 'Privacy dashboard' links on our sites and apps. Find out more about how we use your personal data in our privacy policy and cookie policy.
"
38,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published an article titled Greenhaven Associates: Top 10 Stocks to Invest in. In this article, we are going to take a look at where General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) stands against the other stocks.
Edgar “Ed” Wachenheim III is the founder, CEO, and chairman of Greenhaven Associates, a hedge fund management company that manages over $7 billion in investments. He serves as the vice chairman of the board of Central National-Gottesman, the chairman of WNET's board, a trustee at the Museum of Modern Art, and a life trustee who previously chaired both the executive and investment committees of the New York Public Library. Additionally, he is a trustee emeritus and former vice chair at Skidmore College, as well as a trustee emeritus and past board president of Rye Country Day School. A notable figure in the investment community, Ed’s most recent, prominent achievement is the publishing of his book “Common Stocks and Common Sense” in 2016.
Wachenheim’s book, published by Wiley in April 2016, details his investment strategies and provides insight into his career as a successful value investor. In “Common Stocks and Common Sense”, he explains his approach to investing in undervalued companies that face a low probability of permanent loss, with a goal of achieving an annual return between 15% and 20%. He typically holds stocks for multiple years until they appreciate as expected and makes very few changes to his holdings in the shorter term. Even when his investment thesis proves incorrect, Wachenheim argues that his investments still tend to generate positive returns, given that the stock market has historically returned an average of 9% to 10% annually. His strong emphasis on downside risk and capital preservation is a hallmark of his investment philosophy. He also contributed a chapter to the 2017 book “Harriman's New Book of Investing Rules”, and a second edition of his own book was released in 2022.
Greenhaven Associates was founded in 1987 as a branch of Central National-Gottesman, one of the largest global marketers and distributors of paper, packaging, wood, and metals. Wachenheim invests with a long-term time horizon of three to four years, disregarding short-term performance, analyst predictions, and hedge fund sentiment. This disciplined approach seems to work in Greenhaven Associates’ favor, as the hedge fund has achieved an impressive average annual return of approximately 19% between 1988 and 2017.
Beyond his career in finance, Wachenheim has been deeply involved in philanthropy and nonprofit leadership. He served on the Skidmore College board from 1993 to 2001, where three of his children studied, and later became vice chair and chair of the investment committee until 2003. He has also been a long-time supporter of Williams College, his own alma mater, where a new science center is named after him. Additionally, he is a life trustee of the New York Public Library, where the Trustees Room has been named in his honor. Wachenheim chaired the board of WNET, the PBS affiliate, from 2017 to 2022, having joined the board a year earlier.
His extensive philanthropic work includes serving on the boards of UJA-Federation of New York, the New York Foundation (1990–1999), and the Arthur Ross Foundation. He and his wife oversee the Sue & Edgar Wachenheim Foundation, a charitable organization with reported assets of $438 million in 2022. The foundation has directed significant contributions to cultural and educational institutions, including Williams College, Skidmore College, the Museum of Modern Art, WNET, and the New York Public Library.
According to its 13F filing for Q4 2024, Greenhaven Associates held stocks worth a total value of over $6.7 billion with stakes in 22 companies. Notably, the hedge fund’s recent portfolio modification has revealed that over 65% of its hedge fund is invested in just four stocks.
Our Methodology
The stocks discussed below were picked from Greenhaven Associates’ 13F filings for the fourth quarter of 2024. They have been compiled in the ascending order of Greenhaven Associates’ stake in them as of December 31, 2024. To provide readers with a more holistic analysis of each stock, we have included the hedge fund sentiment regarding each company using data from over 900 hedge funds tracked by Insider Monkey in the fourth quarter of 2024.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds show interest in? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the latest top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A group of technicians in a garage, inspecting car parts and ensuring safety compliance.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders as of Q3: 64
Greenhaven Associates’ Equity Stake: $1.26 Billion 
General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) is the largest holding in Ed Wachenheim's stock portfolio, operating as an automotive manufacturing company. Greenhaven Associates held over 23.72 million shares of the company as of Q4 2024 which constitutes 18.69% of the portfolio.
A leader in the automobile industry for over a century, General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) manufactures vehicles under world-famous brands such as Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, and Cadillac, along with Wuling and Baojun in China. The company operates through multiple joint ventures worldwide, including partnerships in China, India, Egypt, and South Africa. GM also owns OnStar, which provides in-vehicle communication and security services, and GM Financial, its auto financing subsidiary that operates in North America, Latin America, and China. General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) revenue streams primarily include vehicle sales, financing services through GM Financial, and its subscription-based offering known as OnStar, making it a diversified leader in the global automotive industry.
General Motors Company (NYSE:GM)'s revenue of $47.70 billion for the quarter ended December 2024 indicated solid business growth, especially as it demonstrates an increase of 11% year-over-year. The earnings per share (EPS) for Q3 2024 were $1.92, which exceeded analyst estimates of $1.84 by $0.08.
The company faced a challenging fourth quarter, largely due to significant losses from its Chinese joint ventures, resulting in a $5 billion restructuring charge and asset write-downs. Increased competition from domestic automakers like BYD, coupled with Chinese government subsidies supporting local manufacturers, has made the market more difficult for foreign brands.
Despite these setbacks, CEO Mary Barra emphasized the company’s progress in expanding its electric vehicle market share and restructuring efforts to improve its Chinese operations. Additionally, General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) announced plans to refocus its autonomous driving business, shutting down its costly robotaxi program to achieve $1 billion in annual savings. However, uncertainty surrounding U.S. trade, tax, and environmental policies has added further challenges, requiring proactive engagement with policymakers. While the company is committed to long-term growth, these financial letdowns have had a significant impact on its recent performance.
Hotchkis & Wiley Large Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) in its Q3 2024 investor letter:
“General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) is one of the world’s largest manufacturers of passenger vehicles. GM reported a strong Q2; however, management provided a cautious outlook for the second half of 2024. Comments from GM mirrored those of other OEMs and auto suppliers, leading investors to believe the automotive cycle has peaked. We believe this is an overreaction, and we continue to view GM as an attractive investment. We like GM for many reasons. First, we believe GM has leading market positions in its main business segments. Second, the valuation is extremely attractive. Finally, it is a strong free cash flow generator, and the management team is committed to repurchasing their undervalued shares.”
Overall GM ranks 1st on our list of Greenhaven Associates’ top stock picks. While we acknowledge the potential for GM as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than GM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stock To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
39,2025-02-08,"Chinese AI tool DeepSeek has leapfrogged Google Gemini, data suggests

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Chinese AI upstart DeepSeek, which was trained for a fraction of the price of Western competitors, seemingly appeared out of nowhere when it topped the App Store charts, dethroning ChatGPT, and causing significant stock market turbulence. Like most so-called “overnight” successes, it has actually been around longer than many realize, but its rise has skyrocketed over the past fortnight.
According to fresh Similarweb data, on November 9, 2024, when ChatGPT led AI platforms with 100.4 million global daily visits, followed by Bing.com with 57.3 million, Google’s Gemini with 7.5 million, and Character.ai with 6.5 million. DeepSeek was also present in the rankings, but much lower down with just 88,200 visits.
From there, DeepSeek began a slow but steady climb, reaching 336,800 visits on Christmas Day before hitting 1 million daily views on December 29. After that, its growth accelerated rapidly. On January 25, DeepSeek moved into third place in the AI rankings table with 8.2 million daily visits, surpassing Google Gemini in fourth with 7.1 million, but still trailing behind Bing with 56.4 million and the leader, ChatGPT, with 99.3 million.
DeepSeek’s best day was January 28, when it recorded 49 million daily visits. Since then, however, its numbers have been steadily declining. On January 29, visits dropped to 40.8 million, then fell further to 34.1 million on January 30, and it continued decreasing to 29.2 million on January 31.
Week-over-week, DeepSeek has experienced meteoric growth of 614.2%, but the recent downward trend suggests it may be losing momentum. Many users, driven by curiosity, have tried the platform but either found it lacking compared to more established competitors or simply didn’t find enough reason to continue using it regularly.
The distrust Western governments and businesses have of Chinese tech products won't have helped either. ChatGPT’s numbers dropped over that three-day period from January 29 also, but it comfortably remains top dog, with 121.9 million views on January 31.
Whether DeepSeek will recover and regain its momentum remains to be seen, but its rapid rise means it has already made a lasting impact in the competitive AI landscape.
Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed!

Wayne Williams is a freelancer writing news for TechRadar Pro. He has been writing about computers, technology, and the web for 30 years. In that time he wrote for most of the UK’s PC magazines, and launched, edited and published a number of them too.
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.
Is it quantum-resistant? Researchers create 'uncrackable' encryption system by pairing AI and holograms produced by laser
This new open source collaboration tool makes working with your colleagues even easier
Dyson WashG1 vs V15s Detect Submarine: which of Dyson's mops should you buy?

Techradar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
40,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Companies Echo Friday's Market Pessimism. In this article, we are going to take a look at where elf Beauty Inc. (NYSE:ELF) stands against the other stocks.
Ten companies were hit hard on Friday as investors digested disappointing earnings performance and dismal outlook guidance for 2025.
The shares' performance traded in line with Wall Street's major indices, with the Dow Jones losing 0.99 percent, the S&P 500 falling 0.95 percent, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq diving 1.36 percent.
To come up with Friday’s worst performers, we considered only the stocks with at least $2 billion in market capitalization and $5 million in daily trading volume.
A close up of the lip and eye products from the company on a model in a fashion and beauty shoot.
Elf Beauty Inc. tumbled 19.62 percent on Friday to close at $71.13 apiece as investor sentiment was weighed down by a lowered earnings outlook for fiscal year 2025.
In its latest earnings release, ELF lowered its full year 2025 outlook to $1.3 billion and $1.31 billion from $1.31 billion to $1.33 billion previously.
“Given softer-than-expected trends in January, we are taking a prudent approach and lowering our outlook for the final quarter of our fiscal year. Our updated outlook for fiscal 2025 reflects an expected 27-28 percent year-over-year increase in net sales, as compared to an expected 28-30 percent increase previously,” said ELF Chief Finance Officer Mandy Fields.
In the third quarter of fiscal year 2025, ELF saw net income drop by 35.8 percent to $17.26 million from $26.89 million, while net income for the first nine months fell by 26 percent to $83.8 million from $113 million year-on-year.
Overall ELF ranks 3rd on our list of Friday's worst performers. While we acknowledge the potential of ELF as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than ELF but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
41,2025-02-08,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
Published on8 hours ago
Way back in the day, I used to be one of those people who was constantly installing new custom ROMs. I loved trying out all the different varieties of Android created by passionate teams and fans (or sometimes even a single person) and discovering how they could improve the platform. It got to the point where I was choosing which of the best Android phones to buy based solely on whether or not it could be easily rooted and bootloader unlocked.
At some point, though, I started to back away from it all. Longer update commitments from OEMs, an increase in the number of unique features that a small development team couldn’t easily replicate, and a higher level of difficulty rooting/unlocking hardware pushed me away from the custom ROM community. At this point, I don’t even think about custom ROMs when looking at Android phones and tablets.
In early 2025, though, I decided to check in with that community and see what was happening. What’s it like having an unofficial version of Android on a phone these days? I decided to go with the largest and most popular ROM around: LineageOS, which rose from the ashes of CyanogenMod. I installed LineageOS on a Google Pixel 8 and used it for a week to see what it was like.
I’m going to tell you about what I loved and didn’t love, but I’ll spoil the ending for you here: I was glad to go back to my regular Pixel software.
By far, the best thing about LineageOS is how “trim” it is. When you first boot up after a fresh install, there’s almost nothing there. You have the essential apps you need — browser, music player, gallery app, sound recorder, etc. — and that’s about it. If you decide to skip adding Google app support to your install, the Play Store won’t even be there. This lack of “bloat” is refreshing.
That’s not to say there aren’t many features to explore. LineageOS 22.1 is based on Android 15, so it includes all the latest features Google has added to AOSP (aka stock Android). If you choose to install Google apps as well, the operating system includes tons of great features, such as a native screen recorder, Live Caption, Quick Share, Now Playing, Emergency SOS, Battery Manager, and much more. This was refreshing to see, as I remember when you’d install a custom ROM and find that there was nothing to it but a new color scheme and icon pack.
With fewer apps and no UI skin, the operating system’s speed and smoothness were astounding. Battery life was also incredible, thanks to far fewer connections to cloud services. As it turns out, if your stock apps aren’t pinging Google every few minutes, your phone’s battery lasts a lot longer.
Thanks to their simplicity, I also found LineageOS’ stock apps much easier to use. The browser — officially named Jelly, but just listed as “Browser” in the app drawer — is delightful since it strips away all the excessive bloat that comes with Chrome. The native camera app was also trimmed down to the point where it was basically point-and-shoot, with only the most basic of toggles. Sometimes, opening a new app can be a daunting experience because of all the toggles, buttons, and settings you find there, but LineageOS and its stock apps are masterstrokes of minimalism.
One thing that LineageOS doesn’t reduce, though, is updates. Back in the day, getting a ROM with anything less than nightly versions was unacceptable to me. Although LineageOS builds don’t come nearly as consistently as daily, I did get an update pop-up not long after installing it. Generally, the team pushes out a new version once each week, at least for the Pixel 8. Getting that update brought back a flood of memories about how exciting it would be to get a new build installed ASAP to find out what had changed. Was there a new feature? Would the UI be faster? Was the look of the ROM changed in some way? Every day was a new experience! I’m not going to lie: this plucked my nostalgia strings.
I also loved the little things littered throughout that allowed you to customize your experience. The ability to customize the status bar icons, for example, is a nice touch that I wish more OEM skins had. The native launcher also allows you to customize app icon shapes, which is superb. Sure, I could get that same feature — and many more — with a third-party Android launcher like Nova, but the fact that it’s baked into the OS directly saves that step.
Yes, using LineageOS was a pleasant experience, thanks to all these items. Unfortunately, this wasn’t enough to keep me using it.
Ironically, most of LineageOS’ strengths, which I just went over, are also some of its most significant weaknesses. Yes, the camera, browser, and other stock apps are easier to use because of their minimalist designs, but that also makes them less useful. While having fewer camera settings is simpler, not having access to portrait mode, macro mode, or even the ability to shoot in RAW makes the camera app less functional than what would come with the native Pixel camera app. Likewise, the browser’s lack of access to Google’s cloud services made it more battery efficient, but my phone browsing activity was no longer synced to my desktop, tablet, and other systems. Even the sound recorder app had no cloud access, so my recordings weren’t automatically backed up anywhere.
Obviously, the solution here is not to use those apps. OK, so I could drop them and install a port of the Google camera, Chrome, Google’s Recorder app, etc., and be on my way. Problem solved, right?
Well, I also needed to contend with the Pixel-exclusive features that I rely on every day, which LineageOS doesn’t have out of the box. Call Screen, for example, is a Pixel feature that I can’t live without, as is Assistant Voice Typing in Gboard. Thankfully, through the use of Magisk and the Pixelify module, I can port over many Pixel exclusives. Now, we’re getting closer.
Even after all that, though, there were some apps and features that wouldn’t work on a phone running a custom ROM. Through workarounds and exploits, you can sometimes get NFC payments on Google Wallet to work, but Google usually closes those loopholes quickly, requiring you to figure out alternatives. Likewise, some of my finance apps wouldn’t work on LineageOS because of its rooted/unlocked bootloader status. I spent a bunch of time looking around the web for solutions to these problems.
However, when I paused and took a step back, I quickly realized that all I was doing was figuring out ways to get back to Google’s Pixel software. It was like I was artificially adding more steps to the process of setting up a new Pixel phone by unlocking it, rooting it, installing a custom ROM, uninstalling the native apps, and then installing apps and modules to get back to the Pixel experience.
That’s why, ultimately, I didn’t stick with LineageOS. That all being said, though, I do feel that LineageOS could be useful in many different scenarios.
As far as I can tell, in 2025, there are three types of people who should be spending the time to use something like LineageOS.
The first type of person who should go this route are those with a device that still works OK but isn’t updated anymore. For this week-long test, I used the Pixel 8 because it’s a compatible phone that I had in my collection, but that phone will see support until 2031, making it not a great contender. The Google Pixel 5, though, stopped receiving updates in October 2023, so LineageOS is a great way to get Android 15 on it and keep using it well beyond its original support commitment. Likewise, this works well for non-Pixel phones, such as the popular LG V40 ThinQ, the fan-favorite OnePlus 7 Pro, and one of the most beautiful Android phones ever made, the Samsung Galaxy Note 10 Plus.
The second type of person is someone who wants a de-Googled device. During the setup process for LineageOS, you can install Google Play Services or not — a choice no commercial Android smartphone will give you. If you simply skip that step, your phone will be completely Google-free (other than Android itself, which is a Google product, after all). However, if what you’re really after is a typical Android experience, just without Google snooping on you, GrapheneOS is probably the better route as it gives you access to Google services but in a sandboxed environment. But if you’d prefer to go all-in and not touch Google at all, LineageOS without Google apps installed can be a fine choice, too.
Finally, the third type of person is someone who prioritizes speed, smoothness, and battery life above all else. I can’t live without many of the exclusive features we find on modern Pixels, and I know many folks heavily rely on One UI-exclusive features on the best Samsung phones. Nevertheless, there are lots of other folks who don’t use any of that stuff and just need a smartphone for phone calls, texting, web browsing, and a handful of apps. If that’s you, LineageOS will likely offer you a better experience because all the bloat (and subsequent battery drain) that comes with an OEM software build just isn’t there.
I don’t fit into any of these categories, so I dropped LineageOS after a week and went back to the comfort of my stock Pixel 8 software. It’s not as fast, much more bloated, less battery efficient, and not nearly as private, but it works better for my life overall because it’s more feature-rich.
Still, it was nice taking a walk down memory lane and experiencing excitement again for the custom ROM world. I might drop in periodically here and there just to get that fill again, but I doubt I’ll feel inclined to adopt a custom ROM as my daily driver anytime soon — if ever."
42,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 12 Best Multibagger Penny Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Dingdong (Cayman) Limited (NYSE:DDL) stands against the other stocks.
Investors in the United States and abroad are girding themselves for a turbulent week amid a looming tariff war. President Trump imposed tariffs on imports from Mexico, China, and Canada on February 1—these are the country’s largest trading partners. Goods crossing the border from Mexico and Canada will attract a 25% duty and 10% for those from China. Washington’s justification for this policy action is that it will address trade imbalances, illegal immigration, and drug trafficking.
The problem is that such policy direction doesn’t often sit well with investors. Soon after the tariff announcement, major stock indexes saw significant drops. The S&P 500 is down 0.5% after registering an impressive run since Trump’s inauguration. The Nasdaq has shaved off 0.28%, while the Dow is down 0.75% from the previous close.
In other words, the tariffs are bad news for the US stock market. Experts, such as Jeremy Siegel, believe that we are likely to see more uncertainty and heightened volatility as a result. “Tariffs are the only negative aspect of Trump’s economic agenda. They can lead to higher prices for consumers and potential disruptions in the supply chain. This creates uncertainty and volatility in the stock market,” he told CNBC’s Closing Bell.
Periods of uncertainty often do not favor small caps, according to BlackRock’s Christopher DiPrimio and Travis Cooke. They write, “As a result of some of this more cyclical sector exposure, the Russell 2000 has lagged the S&P 500, especially during periods of market volatility and increased uncertainty.” This is also evident in the latest drops. The Russell 2000 dropped more than major stock indices in the past few hours after the activation of Trump’s tariffs.
Small-cap companies typically derive a larger portion of their revenue domestically. And when uncertainties arise from events like a tariff war, these companies are insulated from external shocks. As such, the potential for higher earnings will make small-cap stocks increasingly attractive to investors.
That aside, small-cap valuations are now attractive. Small-cap stocks are currently trading at attractive valuations, with price/earnings (P/E) ratios slightly above their long-run average of 16.7 times (excluding companies with negative earnings) but still more than 30% below large-cap indices.
Geoff Dailey and colleagues at BNP Paribas Asset Management offer an apt summary of the multibagger potential of US small caps. They write that “The outlook for US small-capitalization stocks is better now than it has been for several years. The main reasons include the US interest rate cutting cycle (small caps tend to benefit), currently attractive valuations, the reshoring trend, and (expected) merger & acquisition activity.”
Beyond these factors, the current market environment offers unique opportunities for penny stock investors. Corporate earnings are showing resilience despite economic headwinds, with companies in the Russell 2000 reporting better-than-expected results. Recent data shows that approximately 58.6% of the companies in the Russell 2000 have reported earnings above analyst expectations for Q4 2024. Besides that, the outlook for 2025 suggests that M&A activity in the small-cap space will pick up momentum. This combination creates a compelling setup for small cap stock investments in 2025.
Our Methodology
For this article, we used a stock screener to first identify stocks priced under $5 that have posted huge gains over the past year (at least 100%). From the obtained dataset, we selected penny stocks with the highest percentage gains in stock performance over the past year (as of February 5). The list is ranked based on stock performance, from lowest to highest.
At Insider Monkey, we are obsessed with the stocks that hedge funds pile into. The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A close-up view of a farm's green vegetables, ripening in the sun.
Stock Performance Over Last Year: 139.13%
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 9
Share Price as of February 5: $3.30
Dingdong (Cayman) Limited (NYSE:DDL) operates a leading fresh grocery e-commerce platform in China. The company provides fresh groceries and daily necessities through its mobile app and extensive self-operated frontline fulfillment network.
Dingdong (Cayman) Limited (NYSE:DDL) has demonstrated strong growth momentum, with Q3 2024 GMV increasing 28.3% year-over-year to RMB7.27 billion ($1.04 billion). Its advanced supply chain capabilities and data algorithms have enabled Dingdong to achieve significant operational efficiency, with fulfillment expenses as a percentage of revenue decreasing to 21.4% from 23.2%. In short, the company appears well-positioned to maintain the current growth trajectory in China’s fresh grocery e-commerce market.
Overall DDL ranks 8th on our list of the best multibagger penny stocks to buy now. While we acknowledge the potential of DDL as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than DDL but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
43,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 12 Best Tech Stocks to Buy Right Now Under $10. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Sprinklr Inc. (NYSE:CXM) stands against the other tech stocks under $10.
Our list today highlights stocks that are priced under $10 and can offer opportunities for growth. These stocks offer diversification away from the typical large and mid-cap names with the use of lower capital. These stocks often belong to companies that are trying to create niche businesses or are in various stages of product evolution, including emerging growth firms and established businesses, giving tough competition to larger rivals. In our view, this space has the potential for high returns, particularly if these companies can successfully execute their business strategies and capitalize on market trends.
In the technology sector, many undervalued stocks are well-positioned to benefit from the ongoing trends of digital transformation, and transition to cloud and AI. Companies offering innovative software solutions, cybersecurity, and cloud services are anticipated to thrive as businesses continue to invest in technology to enhance their competitive position and security. By identifying promising companies in these areas, investors can potentially achieve good returns although with a little higher risk. That said, we believe that stock selection remains crucial in the small-cap space due to the volatility of these names. For comparison, the S&P SmallCap600 Index has underperformed the broader S&P500 Index over the last 3, 5, and 10 years which indicates that you might not get enough returns if you take a broader approach.
The technology sector continues to be driven by rapid innovation and the adoption of cutting-edge technologies. Advances in technology are significantly impacting lives, industries, and economies worldwide. The integration of AI and ML is revolutionizing workflows, enhancing productivity, and creating new revenue opportunities. Organizations globally are undergoing digital transformations to stay competitive, streamline operations, improve customer engagement, and drive innovation in their products and services.
Our Methodology
To shortlist the 12 Best Tech Stocks to Buy Right Now Under $10, we screened technology stocks with current share price below $10. We overlaid this criterion with additional criteria of market capitalization of at least $300 million and a potential upside of greater than 10%. The stocks were then arranged in ascending order of the number of hedge fund holders for each company, based on hedge fund data from Insider Monkey’s database.
Note: all pricing data is as of market close on February 6.
At Insider Monkey we are obsessed with the stocks that hedge funds pile into. The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A software engineer working on a monitor in a modern office.
Current Market Price: $8.88; Upside Potential: 13%
Number of hedge funds: 24
Sprinklr Inc. engages in customer experience management (CXM), providing an AI-powered unified-CXM platform for businesses to handle customer interactions across various channels, including social media, messaging, and email. The platform integrates data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning to enhance customer engagement, streamline marketing efforts, and improve overall brand experience. Sprinklr serves a diverse clientele, including large enterprises and mid-sized businesses across multiple industries.
As per its Q3 2025 (FY ending January 2025) earnings results, the company's total revenue grew 8% year-over-year (YoY) to $200.7 million. The subscription business drove the revenue, reaching $180.6 million, a 6% YoY increase, making up 90% of total revenue. Customers with over $1.0 million in subscription revenue rose 20% YoY to 147 in the quarter. The company's order backlog also remains strong, with the remaining performance obligation (RPO; total contracted revenue but not yet recognized) standing at $906.3 million (+2.2% versus the last quarter).
While the company is experiencing slower revenue growth, its total addressable market remains large at $60 billion. Sprinklr Inc. (NYSE:CXM) expanded its customer base to over 1,800 clients in Q3, indicating good strategy execution. In our view, the company is well-positioned to capitalize on the growing demand for integrated customer experience solutions as businesses increasingly recognize the importance of delivering personalized and consistent experiences.
Overall CXM ranks 8th on our list of the best tech stocks to buy under $10. While we acknowledge the potential of CXM as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CXM but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
44,2025-02-08,"This year, thin is in, for the smartphone industry. Oppo will soon drop the world’s thinnest foldable phone in the market. Apple’s rumored iPhone 17 Air continues to be a topic of hot speculation. Samsung, on the other hand, has already given a live demonstration of its Galaxy S25 Edge.
Thankfully, it seems there won’t be as many compromises as we initially expected for such a thin phone. According to a fresh leak that touts a “confirmed” status for the hardware details, the sleek phone will come armed with a 200-megapixel rear camera.
That’s quite a fascinating choice, as camera sensors with such a high-megapixel count are usually reserved for the top-tier Galaxy S Ultra series phones. But more than the value debate, it’s also quite an ambitious feat of engineering to fit a 200-megapixel sensor on the Galaxy S25 Edge.
It won’t be entirely shocking, however. A few months ago, Samsung introduced the Galaxy Z Fold Special Edition, its thinnest foldable phone yet. Despite its slimmer profile, the phone upgraded the main camera to a 200-megapixel sensor.
It’s also worth noting that, unlike the flat looks of the Galaxy S25 Ultra, which also offers a 200-megapixel camera, there is a camera island bump on the Galaxy S25 Edge. Moreover, the camera lenses protrude atop that hump, so there’s that accommodation.
Oppo has also managed to fit a triple-rear camera array on its upcoming Find N5, complete with a periscope-style folded lens zoom system, despite the phone measuring barely over four millimeters in thickness when unfolded.
Samsung hasn’t shared any details about the upcoming phone, except for a hardware showcase at its Unpacked event. As per the latest leak, the Galaxy S25 Edge will employ an armor aluminum frame, while the display will be protected by a layer of Gorilla Glass Victus 2.
The screen is said to serve Samsung’s adaptive refresh rate tech, adjusting its fluidity between 1-120Hz for a smooth and energy-efficient visual experience. A vapor chamber kit is reportedly fitted inside to manage heat dissipation, while battery top-up duties will be handled by 25W wired charging.
Given the phone’s metallic looks and its slim side profile, it doesn’t appear that wireless charging will be part of the package. But Oppo has managed to deliver 50W wireless charging on the upcoming Find N5 foldable phone, so we just might get a pleasant surprise from Samsung later this year.
On a side note, the Galaxy S25 Edge is not a value-centric or flagship phone that will set the specifications sheet on fire. Instead, it’s more like a showcase for smartphone innovation and engineering acumen. Needless to say, temper your expectations fittingly.
Perhaps you were about to finalize your Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra purchase, and decided to check YouTube for any last-minute, pre-release videos to help convince you to click the “buy” button. But the title of the newest video caused you to pull your finger back in horror. The rings round the cameras are fake? Time to think twice before making that purchase, right?
Taking a knife to the ring
JerryRigEverything removing the camera rings JerryRigEverything
No, it’s not time to think twice, at least not for this particular reason. Here’s what’s going on. Well-known phone mangler JerryRigEverything took his craft knife to the rings surrounding the Galaxy S25 Ultra’s cameras and after exerting quite a lot of force, pried them off. The upper most camera ring required so much effort, it lifted the glass from the back of the phone at the same time.
Digging through a drawer in my office shortly after the Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra arrived, I came across a relic. It was a compact digital camera also made by Samsung, which I’d purchased on a whim before a trip nearly a decade ago.
I haven’t used it since then, and seeing as I was already testing a Samsung camera, why not add another to the list? The next day I was headed out to take photos for my upcoming S25 Ultra review, and I’m so glad I wasn’t relying on the old Samsung camera to document my time, as it would have ruined it.
Meet the ST72
Samsung ST72 Andy Boxall / Digital Trends
Samsung’s new Galaxy S25 series brings a few improvements, especially for the flagship Galaxy S25 Ultra. While the new ultrawide camera, improved build, and thinner body may be the ones that stand out the most, one particular feature could offer the best quality of life improvements.
The Galaxy S25 Ultra comes equipped with the same 45W charging speeds as its predecessors, although overall charging speeds have been improved by around 3-4% over last year’s Galaxy S24 Ultra. Alongside this, however, Samsung has also equipped the Galaxy S25 Ultra with compatibility for the Qi2.1 wireless charging standard, making it the first smartphone to support the next generation of wireless charging.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks."
45,2025-02-08,"The TikTok app has not returned to the Google Play Store or Apple’s App Store, ever since it went dark in the US with a ban looming over its head. That means fresh downloads are not possible on Android and Apple smartphones. Things have finally eased, at least for Android fans.
The official TikTok website now lists the software package that lets users download the app directly, instead of an app repository such as the Google Play Store. Third-party websites have hosted the app’s software bundle for a while, but that route usually comes with the risk of malware.
If you are browsing TikTok’s web version on mobile, click on the hamburger menu in the top-left corner of the screen, and in the side panel that opens, scroll down and tap on the download option.
At the moment, you can download the full version of the app, or the Lite version, which takes up less storage space. The biggest advantage of installing the TikTok app from the company’s official web dashboard is that it’s safe and doesn’t come with any safety caveats.
If it’s your first time downloading an app from a web browser, you might have to grant a one-time trust permission to install the package from that source. Once you agree, the TikTok application will be installed on your Android phone without any issues.
The only hassle is that if an app is not available via the Google Play Store, it becomes cumbersome to seed the latest updates. That means missing out on, or slowing down, new features and security patches to plug vulnerabilities.
There is no clarity, however, when TikTok will return to Google or Apple’s app repositories. One reason could be the massive penalty. App stores and service providers could be fined up to $5,000 per person for violation.
With a few thousand downloads, you are looking at fines worth millions of dollars. TikTok is in the safe zone. For now. Merely a day after a nationwide ban was enforced, President Donald Trump signed an executive order that delayed a blanket US ban for 75 days.
It is unclear what happens once that deadline arrives. There are rumors of a US-based entity taking over TikTok’s local business, with names like Oracle, Microsoft, and even Elon Musk appearing in reports.
A sale may not be as seamless as a simple transfer of ownership for local operations. In fact, the parent company, ByteDance, might possibly put the whole endeavor on cold ice, leaving the US market for good.
“But Beijing is increasingly likely to take a hard-line approach, letting TikTok’s U.S. operations die rather than approving a sale as it holds out for a “grand deal” with the Trump administration that includes larger concessions on trade and tech policy, according to one of the people and analysts,” says a report from The Washington Post.
On the audience side, the frenzy is real. While Android users have finally received some official respite, there is no such relief in sight for iPhone users. Apple doesn’t allow app installation from any source other than its App Store, unless you live in the EU.
That leaves iPhone users in the US without a path for downloading TikTok. The situation got so desperate that used iPhones with the TikTok app pre-installed popped up on online sales platforms for as high as fifty thousand dollars apiece.
Google’s ongoing antitrust tussle spawned a list of sweeping policy suggestions — including a proposed sale of the Chrome business — by the Department of Justice. The focus of the lawsuit centers on the Search monopoly, but it has serious ramifications for Android and the overall browser situation.
Now, Google has shared its own “remedies proposal” to the DOJ’s recommendations, which it claims are going “far beyond what the Court’s decision is actually about.”
Nothing has been running an open beta of Android 15 with Nothing OS 3.0 for several of its devices, including the Nothing Phone 2, Phone 2a, and CMF Phone 1. But now, if you have a Nothing Phone 2a Plus, you can also get the Android 15 beta.
The Nothing Phone 2a Plus is a bit of a weird phone. It’s another phone in the trend of manufacturers releasing something that is “new-but-not-really,” because the Nothing Phone 2a Plus is mostly the same as the Nothing Phone 2a, but with a slight bump in specs.
Motion sickness — also called kinetosis — is a common problem. In fact, as many as one in three people have felt sick while in a vehicle. For those who suffer from it, reading in the car is practically impossible.
Apple introduced a feature that helps those prone to motion sickness use their phones without the accompanying nausea. Now, Google is working on a similar feature for Android phones.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks."
46,2025-02-08,Real Madrid will hardly be trembling with fear when they watch Manchester City's laboured 2-1 win at Leyton Orient in the FA Cup.
47,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks Recently. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tapestry, Inc. (NYSE:TPR) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently.
Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, recently examined the latest market trends, highlighting some important themes where stocks have faced challenges, especially those reliant on business with China.
He pointed out that certain stocks often experience significant drops after earnings reports, a trend he has observed consistently. However, Cramer cautioned that finding buying opportunities from these dips is not always as simple as it may seem. While these stocks might appear attractive when they get hit, he emphasized that they are typically impacted unjustifiably, suggesting that if you buy them whenever they drop, you would likely see positive returns. He added:
“So you’re probably saying, can it really be that easy? I mean, why aren’t I a millionaire? Well, I’ll tell you why. Because there are landmines, real landmines in the yellow brick road times when the dips are milling at the beginning so I’m gonna spell those out for you too.”
READ ALSO: Jim Cramer Highlighted Buying Opportunities in 13 Stocks and Jim Cramer Shed Light on These 8 Stocks Recently
One of the first questions Cramer believes investors should ask themselves is whether a stock is tied to China in any way. This dependency, he mentioned, has severely impacted many companies recently. Cramer also pointed out that retailers, especially department stores, have taken a hit, as well as companies in the chemical sector, which heavily rely on Chinese demand. According to Cramer, these businesses need orders from China to stay afloat, making them vulnerable to fluctuations in that market.
Another factor Cramer highlighted is the growing impact of GLP-1 drugs, which have the potential to curb cravings for certain food products. Cramer pointed to beloved brands like Hershey, Oreos, and Fruit Loops, among others, which are now facing challenges as these drugs reduce consumer desire for such treats. He noted that with demand for these products waning, the stocks of companies producing them are suffering.
“Bottom line: Always remember that there are indeed Teflon stocks in any market. The key? Don’t buy them unless and until they get knocked down and then remember they’ll get up again. You are never gonna keep them down.”
For this article, we compiled a list of 12 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money on February 5. We listed the stocks in the order that Cramer mentioned them. We also provided hedge fund sentiment for each stock as of the third quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of 900 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A close-up of diverse group of people wearing the company's small leather goods.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 38
Tapestry, Inc. (NYSE:TPR) was discussed during the episode and this is what Cramer said about the company:
“Let’s expand it. Does it sell in department stores? Capri, PVH, Tapestry, sold… Nothing’s foolproof.”
Tapestry, Inc. (NYSE:TPR) is a luxury brand company that provides a diverse selection of lifestyle products, such as handbags, accessories, footwear, fragrances, jewelry, home items, and clothing. In December 2024, Cramer noted the positive effect of FTC’s decision to shut down the company’s acquisition of Capri Holdings.
“Tapestry’s a rebounding apparel company and its stock is on fire thanks to Lina Khan, FTC. Yes, something you almost never hear, something positive. See, she blocked or the FTC blocked Tapestry from acquiring Capri Holdings, which owns Michael Kors. Jimmy Choo, Versace. The market hated that deal. So when Wall Street cheered, when Lina Khan shot it down, and that’s allowed, well, it’s allowed Tapestry to prosper. It’s become an up stock.”
Overall, TPR ranks 9th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently. While we acknowledge the potential of TPR as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than TPR but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Amazon's light guidance overshadows an otherwise solid quarter.
Wondering how to pick strong, market-beating stocks for your investment portfolio? Look no further than the Zacks Style Scores.
The increase is primarily attributed to the Reko Diq copper-gold project in the Chagai district of Balochistan, Pakistan.
Finance professor Aswath Damodaran just slapped a $78 price target on Nvidia stock -- implying over 30% downside from current levels.
Here’s what could be next for AMD stock.
There are lots of ways to make more passive income.  Investing in higher-yielding dividend stocks can be a great option.  Energy Transfer (NYSE: ET) and Clearway Energy (NYSE: CWEN)(NYSE: CWEN.A) currently offer dividend yields above 6%.
Electric-truck maker Nikola is nearing filing for a bankruptcy, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter.  Phoenix, Arizona-based Nikola was working with law firm Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman to explore options including a sale or restructuring of the company in bankruptcy, according to the report.  Nikola said on Thursday it was evaluating a variety of options, including a financing as part of a financial restructuring.
If things seem too good to be true on Wall Street, they just might be.
Palantir stock hit a new high on Feb. 6. Palantir could be Wall Street's new darling, usurping Nvidia. But bears point to lofty valuation of PLTR stock.
Almost $195 billion of Berkshire's invested assets can be traced to five of Buffett's top investing ideas.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
48,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 12 Best Tech Stocks to Buy Right Now Under $10. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Vimeo Inc. (NASDAQ:VMEO) stands against the other tech stocks under $10.
Our list today highlights stocks that are priced under $10 and can offer opportunities for growth. These stocks offer diversification away from the typical large and mid-cap names with the use of lower capital. These stocks often belong to companies that are trying to create niche businesses or are in various stages of product evolution, including emerging growth firms and established businesses, giving tough competition to larger rivals. In our view, this space has the potential for high returns, particularly if these companies can successfully execute their business strategies and capitalize on market trends.
In the technology sector, many undervalued stocks are well-positioned to benefit from the ongoing trends of digital transformation, and transition to cloud and AI. Companies offering innovative software solutions, cybersecurity, and cloud services are anticipated to thrive as businesses continue to invest in technology to enhance their competitive position and security. By identifying promising companies in these areas, investors can potentially achieve good returns although with a little higher risk. That said, we believe that stock selection remains crucial in the small-cap space due to the volatility of these names. For comparison, the S&P SmallCap600 Index has underperformed the broader S&P500 Index over the last 3, 5, and 10 years which indicates that you might not get enough returns if you take a broader approach.
The technology sector continues to be driven by rapid innovation and the adoption of cutting-edge technologies. Advances in technology are significantly impacting lives, industries, and economies worldwide. The integration of AI and ML is revolutionizing workflows, enhancing productivity, and creating new revenue opportunities. Organizations globally are undergoing digital transformations to stay competitive, streamline operations, improve customer engagement, and drive innovation in their products and services.
Our Methodology
To shortlist the 12 Best Tech Stocks to Buy Right Now Under $10, we screened technology stocks with current share price below $10. We overlaid this criterion with additional criteria of market capitalization of at least $300 million and a potential upside of greater than 10%. The stocks were then arranged in ascending order of the number of hedge fund holders for each company, based on hedge fund data from Insider Monkey’s database.
Note: all pricing data is as of market close on February 6.
At Insider Monkey we are obsessed with the stocks that hedge funds pile into. The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A close-up of a computer monitor with AI-driven Video Creation and Editing Tools running.
Current Market Price: $6.63; Upside Potential: 21%
Number of hedge funds: 25
Vimeo Inc. (NASDAQ:VMEO) is a leading video hosting platform that provides tools for businesses and creators to upload, share, and manage high-quality video content. The company offers a range of services, including video hosting, live streaming, and video monetization solutions, catering to a diverse clientele from individual creators to large enterprises. Its platform is designed to enhance video engagement and analytics, making it a preferred choice for professional video production and marketing.
In early December 2024, an analyst from Piper Sandler upgraded Vimeo Inc. (NASDAQ:VMEO) from Neutral to Overweight, raising the price target from $7 to $10. He also highlighted the stock as his top small-cap internet pick for 2025. The analyst’s optimistic outlook is based on the management's success in restructuring the cost framework and eliminating inefficient marketing expenditures. He emphasized the impressive performance of the company’s enterprise segment, which now generates an annual run-rate of over $100 million, positioning the company for growth regardless of other segments' performance. Additionally, he praised the new CEO for accelerating the company's execution pace.
Overall VMEO ranks 7th on our list of the best tech stocks to buy under $10. While we acknowledge the potential of VMEO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than VMEO but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
49,2025-02-08,"Name: HOKA Project TransportMSRP: $160 USDRelease Date: Available NowWhere to Buy: HOKAAfter being named the Hypewards' top footwear brand of the year in 2024, HOKA isn't taking its foot off the gas in 2025 — and one of its newest models on the market is the …"
50,2025-02-08,"
					By Nancy Tartaglione 
International Box Office Editor/Senior Contributor

	With today’s running business included, Chinese blockbuster Ne Zha 2 has topped RMB 7B ($960.5M) in China, far and away setting a new record for the biggest gross ever by a film in a single market worldwide. In reaching the milestone, this animated sequel overtakes 2015’s Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens which was long the title holder for highest gross in a single market, that being $936.7M from North America.

Ne Zha 2 has been on a tear since it released during the Lunar New Year corridor in China (January 28-February 4). It set the single-film box office record for the holiday in the market’s history, and this past Thursday surpassed The Battle at Lake Changjin to become China’s biggest film ever. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Imax Scores Its Biggest Chinese New Year Box Office Ever With $53M		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Chinese New Year Box Office Sets All-Time Record With $1.3B As 'Ne Zha 2' Looks To Make Global History		
			







	The next record to fall will be when Ne Zha 2 soon hits $1B in China, thereby becoming the only film ever to reach that mark in a single market. Maoyan has been upping its predictions throughout the week, now forecasting a staggering RMB 10.8B ($1.48B) China finish. As of 5pm local time today, which is a working day in the market, it’s at RMB 7.06B/$968.8M.




			Watch on Deadline		






	Directed by Yang Yu (aka Jiaozi), Ne Zha 2, which is due for release in North America via CMC on Feb 14, is loosely based on a classic Chinese myth and is set after the events of the previous 2019 film. It centers on the titular boy with magical powers and his friend Aobing as their souls are saved but their physical forms face dissolution. Aided by the immortal Taiyi Zhenren to reconstruct their bodies, the heroes face numerous challenges (including a bevy of sea monsters) as they attempt to overcome a crisis that threatens the existence of humankind.

	While China saw a downturn in 2024 as box office slipped 25% from the previous year, the start to 2025 is an encouraging sign with the Spring Festival logging a new overall record for box office during the annual holiday period. Total Mainland grosses reached RMB 9.51B ($1.3B) from January 28-February 4, outstripping the previous record of RMB 8.02B.

	A promotional scheme launched this past December by the China Film Administration to offer subsidies to the moviegoing public through February, alongside other campaigns at regional levels, helped spur traffic, but momentum hasn’t flagged.

	The jury is still out on what this means for Hollywood going forward as Chinese tastes have turned more towards local fare. There is some cautious optimism that the return of audiences to cinemas could spill over to studio movies as well. As we’ve previously noted, the situation will become clearer when we see the performance of key titles in the latter half of 2025, particularly Zootopia 2 and Avatar: Fire & Ash.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
51,2025-02-08,"MLB Trade Rumors
By Mark Polishuk | February 8, 2025 at 8:27am CDT 
A very quiet Twins offseason finally started to pick up some steam this week, when the club signed Harrison Bader and Danny Coulombe to one-year guarantees.  Coulombe will earn $3MM, while Bader will earn at least $6.25MM, with a chance to earn more in 2025 based on incentive clauses.  (Bader and the Twins also share a $10MM mutual option for the 2026 season.)
For now, it adds up as a $9.25MM boost to the Twins’ payroll.  President of baseball operations Derek Falvey told reporters (including Bobby Nightengale of the Minneapolis Star Tribune and Betsy Helfand of the St. Paul Pioneer Press) that the spending space came about after Twins chairman Joe Pohlad “greenlighted….the ability to add a little bit here to this team.  I think that’s a credit to them and certainly a tick up for us that allows us to add a little bit more to this roster that we feel already had a good base, but now we’ve clicked off some of those needs.”
While $9.25MM is a fairly modest sum by modern baseball standards, it underlines the narrow budget that Falvey and GM Jeremy Zoll are believed to have been working under for much of the winter.  Past reports indicated that the Twins’ 2025 payroll was going to roughly match their approximate $129.6MM payroll (hat tip to RosterResource) from last season, and the club’s lack of activity for much of the offseason was due to the difficulty in trying to both add to the roster while also shedding some unwanted contracts.  Christian Vazquez ($10MM in 2025) and Chris Paddack ($7.5MM) were two of the impending free agents widely viewed as trade candidates as Minnesota tried to balance the books.
It’s safe to assume the front office is still open to offers for either Vazquez or Paddack, though the Twins’ need to deal at least one of the two players doesn’t quite seem as glaring as it did even a few weeks ago.  The trade market in general, Falvey said, has somewhat cooled, which is perhaps why Minnesota turned its attention to free agents like Bader and Couloumbe to address needs.
“I think teams are a little more focused internally now as they’re ready to ship off to Arizona and Florida and try to get things squared away [for Spring Training].  Some of those last remaining free agents, I think that’s been the vast majority of the noise,” Falvey said.
The Twins’ outfield needs could explain why they stretched the budget to bring in Bader, who now fills a key role as the fourth outfielder.  The right-handed hitting Bader can both back up Byron Buxton in center field if Buxton again runs into injury problems, plus Bader can spell the left-handed hitting Matt Wallner or Trevor Larnach (Minnesota’s other projected regular outfielders) when a southpaw is on the mound.  Falvey revealed that the Twins had been targeting Bader for several seasons before finally landing the former Gold Glover this winter.
RosterResource currently projects Minnesota’s 2025 payroll at around $146.4MM.  It seems possible the number could still increase a little further, as Falvey said the team is considering other upgrades, even if minor league deals could end up being the preferred course of action to bring in roster depth.  A veteran first baseman on a non-guaranteed deal is a potential target, as this hypothetical player would bring some experience to a first base mix that currently consists of Jose Miranda and Edouard Julien as the top options.
Minnesota Twins Derek Falvey Harrison Bader

tom brunanskys black sock 
7 hours ago
When the teacher pops a test, I know I’m in a mess.

Rsox 
6 hours ago
It’s all right…

Uhh ok 
6 hours ago
Says a lot that Jim Pohlad greenlighted a $9M “shopping spree” and not that Tom pohlad kid that was supposedly running the twins last year.  Ishbia’s can’t get here soon enough.

CubbieBlue08 
3 hours ago
Have a freakin’ offseason!

Holyshirts 
2 hours ago
Per the article and the (possibly corrected) blurb above, it was Joe and not Jim that greenlit the spending. That is indeed the same Pohladlet that said the quite part loud last offseason.

Old York 
6 hours ago
Sell the team!

Dreg 
2 hours ago
They’re trying….can i barrow 1.5B?

Psychguy 
6 hours ago
3rd place team.

SweetBabyRayKingsThickThighs 
6 hours ago
4th place team

3768902 
6 hours ago
Last place in Japan’s Maruchan Ramen League.

RotiniRick 
3 hours ago
Four of the five in that division could finish 1st and four of five in that division could finish fourth. I think it’s that tight. The Twins were absolutely rolling and had something like a 90% chance of the playoffs in mid August only to completely disappear down the stretch.

3768902 
6 hours ago
Would be great if they could maximize Durans value in a trade and then see if Alcantara can be pried from Miami.

YankeesBleacherCreature 
5 hours ago
Sandy will have plenty of suitors if he ever hits the trading block. I’m not sure if a tight-budgeted Twins will (or should) want to give up the prospects required for him. They’ll certainly want more than a very good arb-eligible reliever.

3768902 
5 hours ago
Agree. Those were 2 separate transactions.

stymeedone 
2 hours ago
Florida isn’t going to take on contracts, and Alcantara has a $17mm price tag.  That’s almost twice “spending spree” money.

BITA 
5 hours ago
I don’t like the Bader signing because if both Bader and Buxton are healthy they can’t maximize their value because they are both best at center. I understand there is a good chance both won’t be healthy but if they are it doesn’t make sense.

B1G City 
5 hours ago
They could use Bader in LF and RF too to platoon and/or give days off for Larnach and Wallner.  He doesn’t provide a lot of pop but his defense is great and he’s a good baserunner.  Bader might end up being the only bench OF depending on a couple of factors and thanks to Castro’s versatility so he’ll be used a lot.  Best case scenario is he doesn’t get a lot of innings because that would mean Buxton’s heathy and Wallner and Larnach are raking.

BITA 
5 hours ago
Bader value is in his ability to play center he doesn’t belong in left or right. He’s just not a great fit as a 4th outfielder he’s a starter in center who needs a good backup thats who he is.

Dreg 
2 hours ago
Move Bux to LF….its that simple

joefleury 
5 hours ago
Bader was a smart move. It shows they are going to roll with Wallner and Larnach at the corners who are more limited in defense and if Buxton goes down Bader compensates for their deficiencies in the field. This experiment only works if Wallner and Larnach show improvement with their offense to replace a player like Kepler on offense and Defense.  If it fails I still think Royce Lewis could be a terrific right fielder with perhaps Brooks Lee moving to 3rd and Julien at 2nd. 
I think Danny C is an upgrade from the aging but consistent Caleb Thielbar. 
I think Miranda has the potential to be a competent 1st basemen with more coaching. His bat is an upgrade to Santana’s bat.  
The greatest opportunity not talked about is the subtraction of hitting coach Popkins. I think getting different philosophy behind the hitting coaching might be the best upgrade we see. So many hitters regressed against their career norms with him at the wheel. I wonder if we might be surprised with offensive progressions in unexpected places this year just by this one coaching change.

Mikenmn 
5 hours ago
Bader isn’t a bad signing, but $6.25M plus incentives seems a lot for a guy ticketed as a 4th outfielder, Maybe he will recapture is 2021 level, but Minn will be the 4th team in 4 years to gamble on it.

YankeesBleacherCreature 
5 hours ago
If you consider that they want to use him to preserve Buxton’s health and DH him more while we all know what he can do when not injured, it’s a very reasonable deal for Bader in the bigger picture.

LOUIS LOUIS 
3 hours ago
How will the Pohlads live now that they’ve spent $9m+ dollars?!?

Dreg 
2 hours ago
No more avocado toast and new cell phones every 6 months for them
Please login to leave a reply.
Log in Register
 
MLB Trade Rumors is not affiliated with Major League Baseball, MLB or MLB.com

Username or Email Address



Password


 Remember Me




Register"
52,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 12 Best Multibagger Penny Stocks to Buy Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where New Gold, Inc. (NYSE:NGD) stands against the other stocks.
Investors in the United States and abroad are girding themselves for a turbulent week amid a looming tariff war. President Trump imposed tariffs on imports from Mexico, China, and Canada on February 1—these are the country’s largest trading partners. Goods crossing the border from Mexico and Canada will attract a 25% duty and 10% for those from China. Washington’s justification for this policy action is that it will address trade imbalances, illegal immigration, and drug trafficking.
The problem is that such policy direction doesn’t often sit well with investors. Soon after the tariff announcement, major stock indexes saw significant drops. The S&P 500 is down 0.5% after registering an impressive run since Trump’s inauguration. The Nasdaq has shaved off 0.28%, while the Dow is down 0.75% from the previous close.
In other words, the tariffs are bad news for the US stock market. Experts, such as Jeremy Siegel, believe that we are likely to see more uncertainty and heightened volatility as a result. “Tariffs are the only negative aspect of Trump’s economic agenda. They can lead to higher prices for consumers and potential disruptions in the supply chain. This creates uncertainty and volatility in the stock market,” he told CNBC’s Closing Bell.
Periods of uncertainty often do not favor small caps, according to BlackRock’s Christopher DiPrimio and Travis Cooke. They write, “As a result of some of this more cyclical sector exposure, the Russell 2000 has lagged the S&P 500, especially during periods of market volatility and increased uncertainty.” This is also evident in the latest drops. The Russell 2000 dropped more than major stock indices in the past few hours after the activation of Trump’s tariffs.
Small-cap companies typically derive a larger portion of their revenue domestically. And when uncertainties arise from events like a tariff war, these companies are insulated from external shocks. As such, the potential for higher earnings will make small-cap stocks increasingly attractive to investors.
That aside, small-cap valuations are now attractive. Small-cap stocks are currently trading at attractive valuations, with price/earnings (P/E) ratios slightly above their long-run average of 16.7 times (excluding companies with negative earnings) but still more than 30% below large-cap indices.
Geoff Dailey and colleagues at BNP Paribas Asset Management offer an apt summary of the multibagger potential of US small caps. They write that “The outlook for US small-capitalization stocks is better now than it has been for several years. The main reasons include the US interest rate cutting cycle (small caps tend to benefit), currently attractive valuations, the reshoring trend, and (expected) merger & acquisition activity.”
Beyond these factors, the current market environment offers unique opportunities for penny stock investors. Corporate earnings are showing resilience despite economic headwinds, with companies in the Russell 2000 reporting better-than-expected results. Recent data shows that approximately 58.6% of the companies in the Russell 2000 have reported earnings above analyst expectations for Q4 2024. Besides that, the outlook for 2025 suggests that M&A activity in the small-cap space will pick up momentum. This combination creates a compelling setup for small cap stock investments in 2025.
Our Methodology
For this article, we used a stock screener to first identify stocks priced under $5 that have posted huge gains over the past year (at least 100%). From the obtained dataset, we selected penny stocks with the highest percentage gains in stock performance over the past year (as of February 5). The list is ranked based on stock performance, from lowest to highest.
At Insider Monkey, we are obsessed with the stocks that hedge funds pile into. The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
Aerial view of an open mine with large cranes and excavators working on the surface.
Stock Performance Over Last Year: 144.48%
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 23
Share Price as of February 3: $3.11
New Gold, Inc. (NYSE:NGD) is a Canadian-focused intermediate mining company that operates two core-producing assets: the Rainy River gold mine and the New Afton copper-gold mine. The company aims to build a leading diversified intermediate gold company based in Canada.
New Gold, Inc. (NYSE:NGD) is on strong operational footing. The latest quarter saw it deliver the highest production, with 80,438 ounces of gold and 14.5 million pounds of copper. New Afton’s performance was particularly impressive, beating its gold production guidance while achieving midpoint copper production targets. The successful commissioning of New Afton’s C-Zone and the first ore from Rainy River underground, both ahead of schedule, demonstrates the company’s execution capabilities.
Despite some operational challenges at Rainy River, New Gold, Inc. (NYSE:NGD) produced 298,303 ounces of gold for the full year 2024 and expects all-in sustaining costs to be at the low end of guidance ($1,240-$1,340 per gold ounce). With upcoming technical reports and operational outlook expected to showcase increased production and cost reduction initiatives, the company appears well-positioned to maximize free cash flow generation.
Overall NGD ranks 7th on our list of the best multibagger penny stocks to buy now. While we acknowledge the potential of NGD as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NGD but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
53,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
The market for Roche Holding AG's (VTX:ROG) shares didn't move much after it posted weak earnings recently. We did some digging, and we believe the earnings are stronger than they seem.
 Check out our latest analysis for Roche Holding 
As finance nerds would already know, the accrual ratio from cashflow is a key measure for assessing how well a company's free cash flow (FCF) matches its profit. To get the accrual ratio we first subtract FCF from profit for a period, and then divide that number by the average operating assets for the period. You could think of the accrual ratio from cashflow as the 'non-FCF profit ratio'.
Therefore, it's actually considered a good thing when a company has a negative accrual ratio, but a bad thing if its accrual ratio is positive. While having an accrual ratio above zero is of little concern, we do think it's worth noting when a company has a relatively high accrual ratio. That's because some academic studies have suggested that high accruals ratios tend to lead to lower profit or less profit growth.
Over the twelve months to December 2024, Roche Holding recorded an accrual ratio of -0.13. That implies it has good cash conversion, and implies that its free cash flow solidly exceeded its profit last year. Indeed, in the last twelve months it reported free cash flow of CHF15b, well over the CHF8.28b it reported in profit. Roche Holding's free cash flow improved over the last year, which is generally good to see. Having said that, there is more to the story. We can see that unusual items have impacted its statutory profit, and therefore the accrual ratio.
That might leave you wondering what analysts are forecasting in terms of future profitability. Luckily, you can click here to see an interactive graph depicting future profitability, based on their estimates.
Roche Holding's profit was reduced by unusual items worth CHF6.5b in the last twelve months, and this helped it produce high cash conversion, as reflected by its unusual items. In a scenario where those unusual items included non-cash charges, we'd expect to see a strong accrual ratio, which is exactly what has happened in this case. While deductions due to unusual items are disappointing in the first instance, there is a silver lining. We looked at thousands of listed companies and found that unusual items are very often one-off in nature. And that's hardly a surprise given these line items are considered unusual. Assuming those unusual expenses don't come up again, we'd therefore expect Roche Holding to produce a higher profit next year, all else being equal.
In conclusion, both Roche Holding's accrual ratio and its unusual items suggest that its statutory earnings are probably reasonably conservative. Based on these factors, we think Roche Holding's earnings potential is at least as good as it seems, and maybe even better! So if you'd like to dive deeper into this stock, it's crucial to consider any risks it's facing. At Simply Wall St, we found 4 warning signs for Roche Holding and we think they deserve your attention.
After our examination into the nature of Roche Holding's profit, we've come away optimistic for the company. But there is always more to discover if you are capable of focussing your mind on minutiae. For example, many people consider a high return on equity as an indication of favorable business economics, while others like to 'follow the money' and search out stocks that insiders are buying. So you may wish to see this free  collection of companies boasting high return on equity, or  this list of stocks with high insider ownership.
Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
54,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 11 Best Stocks To Invest In For Grandchildren. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) stands against the other stocks.
In an era where financial literacy is increasingly recognized as a crucial life skill, teaching children about stock market investing can provide them with a significant advantage. Studies show that early financial education leads to better money management, long-term wealth accumulation, and greater financial security in adulthood. By introducing children to investing at a young age, they can develop a mindset of patience, risk assessment, and the power of compounding—principles that can shape their financial future. A 2023 study by the National Financial Educators Council (NFEC) found that a lack of financial literacy costs the average American $1,819 per year. Teaching children about investing early can help reduce this financial gap and equip them with the necessary skills to navigate economic challenges. Introducing children to stocks helps them understand concepts like risk and reward, diversification, and market fluctuations. Learning how companies operate and grow their revenue also fosters a deeper understanding of the economy. This knowledge can prevent common financial mistakes such as emotional investing, excessive debt, and poor money management.
Read more about these developments by accessing 10 Best AI Data Center Stocks and 10 Buzzing AI Stocks According to Goldman Sachs.
One of the most compelling reasons to teach children about investing is the power of compound interest. If a child begins investing at age 10 instead of waiting until age 30, they could amass significantly more wealth by retirement, simply by starting early. Teaching children about stocks encourages critical thinking and discipline in financial decisions. Instead of seeing money as something to be spent impulsively, they learn the value of investing for the future. A study by Fidelity Investments found that 82% of parents who teach their children about finances believe it leads to greater financial independence. Additionally, teaching investment concepts through real-life experiences, such as monitoring a stock portfolio, fosters engagement and practical learning. With advancements in AI, automation, and digital finance, future generations will need financial acumen to navigate an evolving economy. Experts suggest that children who understand investing will be better prepared for retirement, homeownership, and entrepreneurship.
Read more about these developments by accessing 30 Most Important AI Stocks According to BlackRock and Beyond the Tech Giants: 35 Non-Tech AI Opportunities.
For this article, we scoured investing forums, analyst reports, and advice from money managers and billionaires and compiled a list of stock options that are deemed the best for a child in the modern world. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A technician working at a magnified microscope, developing a new integrated circuit.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 130 
Broadcom Inc. (NASDAQ:AVGO) is a global technology firm that designs, develops, and supplies a range of semiconductors, enterprise software and security solutions. In January, the company launched its innovative Emulex Secure Fibre Channel Host Bus Adapters (HBA), setting a new industry standard. It is a cost-effective, easy-to-manage solution that encrypts all data as it moves between servers and storage. Jeff Hoogenboom, vice president and general manager of the Emulex Connectivity Division at Broadcom, stated that the Emulex Secure Host Bus Adapter would meet the needs by providing an elegantly simple solution that, once installed, encrypts all data across all applications. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the company achieved record semiconductor revenue of $30.1 billion, with $12.2 billion coming from AI. The 220% surge in AI revenue year-on-year was fueled by the company’s advanced AI XPUs and Ethernet networking solutions.
Overall AVGO ranks 7th on our list of the best stocks to invest in for grandchildren. While we acknowledge the potential of AVGO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for a stock that is more promising than AVGO but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
55,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the Billionaire Ken Fisher's Top 10 High Growth Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE:LVS) stands against the other stocks.
Ken Fisher is the founder and executive chairman of Fisher Asset Management, a renowned investment and financial analysis expert. He established the firm in 1979 and now has $299 billion in assets under management. Over the years, he has built a legacy of innovative investment strategies, a contrarian approach, and a focus on long-term growth.
Compared with many other firms, Fisher Investments' most distinctive aspects are its methodical approach to portfolio management and its reliance on research. In his 1984 book Super Stocks, he popularized the Price-to-Sales (P/S) ratio to find undervalued growth stocks. The ratio continues to play a key role in his firm’s stock selection process, helping to uncover companies with strong growth prospects that might be hidden from the broader market.
Fisher’s contrarian mentality distinguishes him from most investors. He advises questioning mainstream market sentiments and looking for opportunities others might miss. His book The Only Three Questions That Count examines this more in-depth, explaining how good investors must constantly challenge their view of the world, find insights no one else sees, and combat mental biases to find the right investment opportunity.
The firm’s holdings express Fisher’s long-held maxim that diversification helps reduce risk. Technology is a particularly strong-performing sector, accounting for 31.8% of the portfolio as of Q3 2024, displaying Fisher’s faith in the enduring rise of tech stocks. The portfolio is also heavy in other sectors, such as services (14.6%), financial services (12.3%), and healthcare (10.5%).
In 2024, Fisher Investments achieved an incredible 32.18% return, fueled mainly by its tech positions, especially in companies that benefited from the artificial intelligence boom. While many investors have become cautious about frothy tech valuations, Fisher’s firm has remained steadfast, doubling down on AI chipmakers and other tech innovators.
In January 2025, Fisher Investments finalized the sale of a minority stake valued at nearly $3 billion to Advent International and the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, valuing the firm at approximately $13 billion.  The decision is a strategic move that has been a part of Ken Fisher's long-term estate planning, allowing the firm to continue its private independence and never-ending commitment to outstanding client service. Given this, we will take a look at some of the best high growth stocks in Ken Fisher's portfolio.
Our Methodology
To analyze Billionaire Ken Fisher's Top 10 High Growth Stock Picks, we began by reviewing the largest positions in Fisher Asset Management's portfolio as of Q3 2024. We focused on identifying stocks with trailing twelve-month (TTM) revenue growth of at least 20% compared to 2023, as this growth metric highlights companies demonstrating robust expansion. We then picked the first ten stocks that met the growth criteria, providing a clear overview of high-growth opportunities in the portfolio.
At Insider Monkey, we are obsessed with hedge funds. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points. (see more details here).
The dazzling Las Vegas Strip lined with luxury Integrated Resorts, seen from a high elevation.
Net revenue growth in the past 12 months: 31.99%
Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE:LVS) is a leading global developer and operator of integrated resorts and casinos. The company manages iconic properties such as Marina Bay Sands in Singapore and The Venetian in Las Vegas, offering luxury accommodations, entertainment, retail, and convention facilities.
In the third quarter of 2024, Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE:LVS) reported mixed financial results. Net revenue fell 4% year-over-year to $2.68 billion, missing analysts' expectations of $2.79 billion. Earnings per share came in at $0.44, below the anticipated $0.53. The company's performance was negatively impacted by ongoing renovations at its Londoner casino in Macao and a 14% decline in per-table income in Singapore, which dropped from $698 million to $600 million compared to the same quarter in 2023.
Despite these short-term challenges, Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE:LVS) is focused on driving long-term growth through strategic investments. The company announced an $8 billion expansion plan for Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, including a fourth hotel tower with luxury suites and a 15,000-seat arena.
On January 3, 2025, Jefferies upgraded Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE:LVS) to a ""Buy,"" reflecting confidence in its strategic investments and future growth potential.
Overall LVS ranks 8th on our list of Ken Fisher's top high growth stock picks. While we acknowledge the potential of LVS as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that certain AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than LVS but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
56,2025-02-08,"Americans love SUVs, which make up the majority of new car purchases in the country. But not all SUVs are created equal.
Consumer Reports tested 155 SUVs to find the best ones currently on the market. It evaluated each vehicle’s road test performance, predicted reliability, owner satisfaction, safety, and other metrics.
It ranked the top 10 — excluding luxury models — in 2025. Continue reading to see which made the list. 
2 / 12
3 / 12
4 / 12
5 / 12
6 / 12
7 / 12
8 / 12
9 / 12
10 / 12
11 / 12
12 / 12"
57,2025-02-08,"USA flag Canadian Flag Mexico Flag side by side
Trade tensions ratcheted up to 11 this week, and I know that for many readers the wild swings we’re seeing can feel sickening.
To you, I say that times like these are exactly why we hold the closed-end funds (CEFs) in our CEF Insider portfolio. Their high, steady dividends (more than 10% on average across the portfolio) let us collect our income while stocks regain their footing.
We also avoid the trap of panic selling, then seeing the story whipsaw the other way, locking in our losses (which would’ve happened if you’d hit the sell button first thing Monday morning).
That’s a key advantage of all CEFs. And perhaps the coolest thing here is that we have CEFs that are purpose-built for times like these, like the Nuveen S&P 500 Dynamic Overwrite Fund (SPXX)—current yield 7.6%.
That’s because SPXX “goes on offense” in the form of exposure to S&P 500 stocks like Microsoft (MSFT), American Express (AXP) and Pfizer (PFE). At the same time, it plays “defense” with a strategy that creates more income when volatility ticks up.
That strategy is the fund’s sales of covered-call options. These offer investors the right to buy SPXX’s stocks at a fixed time in the future, at a fixed price. If the stock fails to hit that price (more likely in a correction), nothing happens, and SPXX keeps the fee it charges for the option, fueling its 7.6% payout.
Here’s how recent trade drama sets the table for SPXX and CEFs like it.
No matter what ultimately happens, in terms of the length or level of tariffs ultimately imposed (and on whom), the question is to what extent they’d change the flow of funds between manufacturers, importers, retailers and consumers. More important, we want to know whether those changes would result in less consumption and, as a result, economic troubles.
For Canada, tariffs would almost certainly mean a recession, since 77% of Canada’s exports go to the US. The situation is similar in Mexico. About 78% of that country’s exports go to the US, with the automotive, agricultural and energy sectors most likely to get hit.
This, in turn, could cause prices for food from Mexico and energy from Canada to rise. This also explains why the US, Canada, and Mexico reached a deal to pause these tariffs for a month, which means investors don’t have to worry about the impacts of a potential trade war for now.
But a month isn’t a particularly long time, and we can expect other factors influencing trade and prices to become more significant. Expect more discussion about other factors driving the price movements of food and energy that could offset the tariffs, such as the fact that Canada has boosted energy production, including 7% year-over-year increases in crude-oil output, according to the Canadian government.
All of this leaves “first-level” investors—by those I mean the ones who stick mainly to the big-cap S&P 500 names—struggling to figure out if Trump’s tariffs will damage company valuations or not.
One thing that’s for sure (as we CEF investors know well) is that, given that the worst-case scenario is for higher inflation, selling stocks and going to cash (which loses value faster as inflation rises) makes no sense.
Further, a US recession is unlikely, as early indicators of over 3% GDP growth suggest the economy is firing on all cylinders. Even in a scenario where China, Canada and Mexico were to retaliate in full, America just doesn’t export enough for that to hit the entire economy all at the same time.
A jittery stock market underpinned by a still-strong economy is perfect for SPXX and other covered-call CEFs. That fact is starting to catch more investors’ attention. Consider that since I wrote about SPXX here on Contrarian Outlook in late November, it has returned about 5%, as of this writing, while the S&P 500 has been flat.
Market volatility has been driving SPXX’s performance, and the attention that’s been attracting has shrunk its discount to net asset value (NAV, or the value of the stocks it holds) to 4.7%.
Note that SPXX’s discount hasn’t flipped to the big premium it saw in 2022, when investors were hunting for pretty well anything that could give them a volatility hedge. And if fears keep growing—on tariffs or whatever else—expect SPXX’s discount to flip to a premium (taking its market price with it).
Meantime, buying SPXX now means collecting its 7.6% dividend while we wait for that to happen.
Michael Foster is the Lead Research Analyst for Contrarian Outlook. For more great income ideas, click here for our latest report “Indestructible Income: 5 Bargain Funds with Steady 8.6% Dividends.”
Disclosure: none

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
58,2025-02-08," BMW M3
Home » HRE Wheels, Akrapovič Sound: This BMW M3 Touring Looks The Part
   Horatiu Boeriu  
 February 8, 2025  /  2 minutes read
While the BMW M3 Touring remains an elusive dream for the U.S. market, enthusiasts in other regions are fully embracing this high-performance family wagon. Indonesia is one such country where the G81 M3 Touring is available, and naturally, local tuning shops have been eager to enhance this ultimate touring machine. One such tuner, Concept Motorsport, recently worked its magic on the M3 Touring, refining its stance, wheels, and exhaust note.

One of the most striking changes comes in the form of a new set of wheels. Sourced from the US-based HRE Wheels, the Classic 305 set is featured in a Brushed Clear coat finish. These high-performance, forged three-piece and monoblock designs pay homage to historic and classic wheel styles. On this G81 M3 Touring, they measure 20×10 inches at the front and 20×11 inches at the rear, offering a perfect blend of style and performance. HRE offers these wheels in various sizes ranging from 18 to 22 inches, with even a 24-inch option available for certain models. Customers can also choose from nearly 90 different finishes, ensuring a personalized touch.

One common complaint among BMW owners is the noticeable wheel gap in newer models. Concept Motorsport addressed this issue with the installation of the KW HAS (Height Adjustable Spring) System, a more flexible alternative to traditional lowering springs. By adjusting the ride height to perfection, the G81 M3 Touring not only gains a more aggressive stance but also improves handling characteristics without compromising comfort. This upgrade ensures that the new wheels sit flush with the arches, eliminating the unwanted gap and giving the M3 Touring a more planted and dynamic look.

No high-performance BMW build is complete without an enhanced exhaust system, and Concept Motorsport turned to Akrapovič for the perfect solution. This M3 Touring now boasts the Akrapovič Evolution Line exhaust system paired with a catless downpipe. Made from lightweight, high-grade titanium, this system not only reduces weight but also significantly enhances the car’s sound profile. The system is finished with hand-crafted carbon-fiber tailpipes, adding to the car’s aggressive aesthetic.
Performance gains from this exhaust setup are substantial. On the Akrapovič dyno, the system delivered an increase of 17.7 kW (24.1 hp) at 6,650 rpm and a torque boost of 25.4 Nm at the same rpm, tested against a BMW M4 Competition (OPF/GPF) with a stock exhaust. Unfortunately, this setup remains unavailable in the U.S. due to emissions regulations, but enthusiasts in Indonesia and other regions can fully experience the benefits.
Beyond these aftermarket upgrades, the latest iteration of the M3 Touring benefits from a factory bump in power. The upgraded S58B30T0 twin-turbo 3.0-liter engine now produces 543 horsepower—an increase of 20 hp over the original M3 Touring. While torque remains at 650 Nm (479 lb-ft), it is now available across a wider rev range, from 2,750 rpm up to 5,730 rpm, instead of tapering off at 5,500 rpm as before. The result is a more responsive and potent power delivery.
In terms of performance, the long-roof M3 continues to impress. The sprint from 0 to 62 mph (100 km/h) remains at a blistering 3.6 seconds. However, the extra power is noticeable in the 0 to 124 mph (200 km/h) sprint, now completed in 12.4 seconds—half a second quicker than before. The electronically limited top speed remains at 155 mph (250 km/h), but for those seeking more, the optional M Driver’s Package unlocks a higher limit of 174 mph (280 km/h). [Photos: Concept Motorsport]

Popular this week
You may also like
More from BMW M3
Videos
  
2025 BMWBLOG | Change consent
BMWBLOG is an independent, privately-owned publication. While we may receive advertising revenue and attend BMW-hosted press events, our editorial content remains independent and is not endorsed by BMW. The views expressed are solely those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of BMW of North America, LLC, BMW AG, or their subsidiaries."
59,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Stocks to Invest in According to AI. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against the other stocks.
The rise of artificial intelligence in finance has led many investors to question whether AI-powered tools like ChatGPT can effectively pick stocks. While ChatGPT and similar large language models (LLMs) can process vast amounts of financial data, market news, and historical trends, their ability to consistently outperform human experts or quantitative models remains debatable. Instead, investors should look towards AI-driven hedge funds, such as Renaissance Technologies and Two Sigma, that have historically outperformed the market using machine learning models. For example, the Medallion Fund of the former achieved an annualized return of 66% before fees from 1988 to 2018. These funds rely on proprietary algorithms, high-frequency trading, and massive datasets.
Read more about these developments by accessing 10 Best AI Data Center Stocks and 10 Buzzing AI Stocks According to Goldman Sachs.
One indicator of hedge funds being ahead of the curve when it comes to stocks and the broader market in general is a recent Goldman Sachs note to investors which details that top hedge funds navigated the recent tech selloff without significant losses, even managing to post nominal gains since the turn of the year despite a big dropoff in the market amid concerns over trade tariffs and an AI bubble. Per a report by news agency Reuters, US President Trump has delayed tariffs on Canada and Mexico by one month, fueling wild swings in currency, bond and share markets. Despite the turmoil, stock-picking hedge funds that take bets based on company fundamentals recorded an average 2.6% return, their best month since February 2024, given a broader market rally, the report claimed.
Read more about these developments by accessing 30 Most Important AI Stocks According to BlackRock and Beyond the Tech Giants: 35 Non-Tech AI Opportunities.
The stocks listed below were mentioned in articles by prominent finance publications as some of the best ChatGPT stock picks over the past six months. The return of each stock since the publication of these articles is mentioned as well. These stocks are also popular among hedge funds. Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A development team working together to create the next version of Windows.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 279
Stock Return Over Past Six Months: 4%
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is a technology company. In late January, the firm posted earnings for the second fiscal quarter, reporting earnings per share of $3.23, beating market estimates by $0.13. The revenue over the period was close to $70 billion, up more than 12% compared to the revenue over the same period last year and beating analyst expectations by $790 million. Latest reports suggest that tech behemoth Softbank plans to invest close to $40 billion into Microsoft-backed AI startup OpenAI. The startup has become the most valuable private firm in the world and is valued at close to $350 billion.
Overall MSFT ranks 2nd on our list of the best stocks to invest in according to AI. While we acknowledge the potential of MSFT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for a stock that is more promising than MSFT but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
60,2025-02-08,"By 


      Jireh Deng
    


                Margaret Larkin holds a piece of her Christmas decor outside of what remains of her home. Larkin lived on her block in Altadena, Calif. for 36 years.
                
                    
                    Jireh Deng for NPR
                    
                
hide caption

Two weeks after the Eaton Fire, hundreds were gathered at Robinson Park Recreation Center for Dena Love Day. There were food trucks giving away food, and a live DJ played as people danced and grieved. It was a bittersweet celebration for a community reeling in the wake of devastating wildfires.
They were marking a milestone: Pasadena had gone a year without a single gang-related death, according to the Pasadena Police Department.
""I never lost hope of my community. But today was just a new spark for me that God was just there,"" LaToya Carr said. ""I feel like I'm on a team and I won a championship.""
Carr, 49, is a community outreach coordinator with Pasadena's Gang Outreach Violence and Interruption Services, established last year. The city's northwest neighborhood was once a hotspot for gun violence and racial profiling.

                Latoya Carr, right, hands out awards to Cedrick Jolley, left, and Andre Brown at Robinson Park Recreation Center at Dena Love Day on Jan. 19, 2025. Jolley and Brown were volunteers helping victims of the Eaton Fire.
                
                    
                    Jireh Deng for NPR
                    
                
hide caption

In the wake of the deadly fire, Carr witnessed her community rallying together after Black Altadenans were hit hard by the flames.
""I've seen you guys last week,"" Carr said as she handed out trophies to people who volunteered at mutual aid sites passing out water and clothes to fire victims who lost their homes. "" Y'all was loving on each other, working together to make things happen for other people. And that's a big deal.""
Dena Love Day brought together resources for residents: hairdressers offered braiding services next to FEMA employees helping people apply for disaster relief. It was a moment to breathe and reflect in a neighborhood that had faced so much adversity.
For years, redlining drove inequities in Altadena and Pasadena. Lake Avenue, which bifurcates the two into east and west, had historically been a de facto segregation line preventing families of color from purchasing properties east of Lake Avenue.
"" Steering was something that real estate agents did,"" said Barbara Richardson King, 77, who earned her real estate license in 1985 when there were few other women of color in the profession.
Redlining had been outlawed for two decades, but home sellers still found creative excuses to redirect her interest. "" I've been kind of blocked out of showing property for one reason or another. 'Oh the seller's out of town and he doesn't want any showings for the next week,' "" said the third-generation Pasadenan.

                Barbara Richardson King stands in her realtor's office. She's sold homes for three decades in Pasadena and Altadena.
                
                    
                    Jireh Deng for NPR
                    
                
hide caption

Still, Black Angelenos found a rare kind of prosperity in the foothills of the San Gabriel Valley as Altadena became one of California's first integrated middle-class neighborhoods. King's uncle, M. Earl Grant, founded Family Savings & Loan in 1949, one of the first Black-owned financial institutions west of the Mississippi that offered mortgage loans to families of color, King said. There was a doctor's row, a block of Black medical professionals, and lawyers and school principals. Jackie Robinson's mother, Sidney Pointier and Octavia Butler all called Altadena home.
The Black population in Altadena was more than 40% in the 1980s, according to the Altadena Historical Society, but today it's fallen to 18% as the neighborhood has become increasingly expensive. The average home is valued at more than $1 million.
About 75% of Black Altadena residents own their homes, higher than the national average of 44%. Residents had accumulated generational wealth through their homes, but thousands of those homes have turned to rubble. According to a new study from the University of California, Los Angeles, almost half of Black-owned homes were destroyed or heavily damaged in the Eaton Fire, the deadliest and most destructive of the Los Angeles wildfires.
Several families on the west side of Altadena reported receiving delayed evacuation alerts, hours after their neighbors to the east. The west side is where all 17 deaths occurred in the Eaton Fire. Local and federal officials are investigating potential flaws in Los Angeles County's emergency alert system.
Margaret Larkin, 66, had seen her fair share of fires and heavy Santa Ana winds in her decades of renting her cul-de-sac home on the west side of Altadena. That night on Jan. 7, she could see the fiery glow of Eaton Canyon in the distance.
"" I kept saying, 'The fire will never come down. It has to hit so many houses first before it gets to us,'"" Larkin said. But the winds were picking up and throwing flaming embers at speeds up to 100 miles per hour.
"" My phone didn't have service. We didn't have electricity,"" said Larkin, who said she didn't receive an evacuation notice to leave. When she and her daughter finally left at 3 a.m. on Wednesday, it was chaos.
"" Every street you turn on, there was fire or there was a tree fell over.  It was pitch dark,"" Larkin said. She said there was so much smoke, their car headlights did little to illuminate the road ahead and all she could hear was the sound of the wind like a train horn and the cracking of falling debris as her entire block was burning.
They escaped unscathed, but when she returned to inspect the damage two weeks later with her family, there was nothing left where the flames had leveled her home.
Veronica Jones, the first Black president of the Altadena Historical Society, said these issues are symptomatic of the underinvestment west of Lake Avenue.
"" You just wonder why there aren't a lot of trees on the west side,"" Jones said. The 71-year-old is a former member of the Altadena Town Council who has pushed to increase funding for their local parks and libraries.

                Veronica Jones, the Altadena Historical Society's first Black president, stands in front of a lot full of burned cars on Jan. 21, 2025. The Eaton Fire came just a block away from her home in west Altadena.
                
                    
                    Jireh Deng
                    
                
hide caption

Throughout her daily three-mile strolls of west Altadena, the prevalence of liquor stores has been a continual eyesore for her.
A big question looming on the minds of Black residents is whether they have a future in Altadena.
""We didn't just lose our house, we lost our community,"" said Aldra Allison, a housing specialist who works with the City of Pasadena. Allison, 68, and her husband Herman had rushed so fast out of the house they hadn't been able to rescue their children's photos from the mantle of their fireplace. ""I've cried so much that I can't cry anymore … that chapter in my life was gone.""
Allison, an affordable housing specialist with the City of Pasadena, taught genealogy classes on Black families at the Alkebu-lan Cultural Center, helping compile a book about Black pioneers in Pasadena. Allison worries about the future of Black homeownership. More than half of Black homeowners in Altadena are over the age of 65. She expects many might face challenges to rebuilding.

                Aldra Allison holds letters that her children wrote to her, some of the only keepsakes she was able to salvage in the Eaton Fire that ravaged her Altadena home. The Eaton Fire was the deadliest and most destructive of the Los Angeles wildfires. She and her husband are staying in an apartment in Monrovia, Calif.
                
                    
                    Jireh Deng for NPR
                    
                
hide caption

Many of the seniors in Allison's caseload were on fixed incomes and being pushed out of Pasadena because of the skyrocketing rents. The Eaton Fire displaced thousands of families, making affordable housing even more scarce in the area.
""There are so many developers out there sending letters, misinformation to people saying 'You can't go back,' or 'You can't afford to go back.' [Residents don't] realize that it's really early in the game,"" Allison said. Even if people's homes burned down, they are still responsible for the mortgages. People need to not panic.""
Allison said she would hate to see older residents losing their generational wealth by selling to developers circling the carnage of the fires.
""You just have to be patient and seek help, because there's help out there. There's no doubt that I will one day rebuild my house,"" Allison said.
L.A. County Board Supervisor Kathryn Barger has vowed to protect the mom-and-pop charm of this unincorporated town where people of color make up a majority of the population.
""Altadena is not for sale,"" Barger said in a recent county board meeting. She also commended Gov. Gavin Newsom's efforts to lift permitting requirements to fast-track rebuilding in the wake of the L.A. fires.
"" I am convinced that if we can move the red tape, get rid of it, and allow people to return and begin the rebuilding effort … that is going to bring the community back,"" Barger said. 
This week she launched the Altadena Recovery Commission, a group that includes community members to aid and shape rebuilding efforts.
""The cost of housing is so expensive that it is pricing many young African American families out of the market, and they're having to move away,"" Barger said. She said she doesn't want the Eaton fire to be the last chapter of Altadena's historic Black community. ""I want to make sure we don't let that history go away and that we provide the opportunity to the next generation.""
This isn't the first time Dena's Black community has had to rebuild. In the 1950s and 60s, the expansion of the 210 and 710 freeways upended the lives of thousands of Black residents in Pasadena.
""This hurts because this was truly an act of nature,"" said 73-year-old Marcus Williams, a recently ordained elder at Friendship Baptist Church in Pasadena. The church, with its Spanish-style white stucco steeple, stands at the heart of Old Town Pasadena — once a thriving Black commercial district that has since been supplanted by an upscale shopping district with stores like Apple and Anthropologie.
"" I am saddened. I'm frustrated. There's no one to blame, no finger to point. This is a natural disaster. The freeway was not,"" Williams said.

                At Friendship Baptist Church, the congregation celebrated four elders who were ordained during a Sunday service on Feb. 2, 2025. The church was once a center of Black life in Old Town Pasadena. Church elders are hopeful the wave of displaced residents will be able to return.
                
                    
                    Jireh Deng for NPR
                    
                
hide caption

But many of those displaced persisted, becoming part of the wave of Black families who moved to the west side of Altadena in the 70s and 80s, shaping the town into a legacy for Black wealth.
"" We have suffered innumerous, immeasurable things that would have crushed a lesser people. But still, we are here and we are surviving. And we will come back,"" promised Williams.
Local bookseller Nikki High, 50, has been drawing inspiration from the prescient work of Octavia Butler.
"" [Octavia Butler] had been studying global warming as early as the 80s,"" High said, who opened Octavia's Bookshelf two years ago in honor of the Afrofuturist writer. In Parable of the Sower published in 1993, Butler depicted an apocalyptic future through the perspective of a preacher's daughter, Lauren Olamina. Olamina's journal entry for Feb. 1, 2025 begins with, ""We had a fire today.""

                Nikki High transformed her bookstore, Octavia's Bookshelf, into a mutual aid hub for Altadena residents affected by the Eaton Fire. High, on Jan. 21, 2025, poses in front of a Scrabble board with a message for developers.
                
                    
                    Jireh Deng for NPR
                    
                
hide caption

""It's jarring to see how accurate, within weeks, she was of [predicting] these events,"" High said. But she doesn't see Butler as a prophet of doom. Parable of the Sower is a blueprint of hope. Lauren Olamina is rebuilding and she's basing [her new] community [on] feeding each other and being accountable for one another.""
High's home was narrowly spared by the flames that engulfed her entire block in Altadena. She focused on her community, transforming her bookstore into a mutual aid hub where people could pick up masks, burritos, toiletries and other basic necessities. On the ground, dozens of similar mutual aid sites popped up at stoplights, empty parking lots, and gas stations.
""Nobody's coming to save us,"" High said. ""We have to embrace each other.""
Producer Janet Woojeong Lee contributed reporting.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
61,2025-02-08,"Ether (ETH) has fallen more than 5.1% over the past 24-hour period to below $2,600, while bitcoin (BTC) is down around 2.9% over the same period to $95,700.
The largest altcoin’s price performance has pushed down the CoinDesk 20 Index by nearly 4% over the period amid a market downturn that also affected equities markets over U.S. President Donald Trump announcing plans to unveil reciprocal tariffs next week, escalating fears of a trade war with the country’s major trading partners.
Yet ether’s underperformance comes amid other factors influencing the cryptocurrency specifically, including its circulating supply having recently risen past pre-Merge levels. The Ethereum Merge—the network’s merge with the Beacon Chain that moved it to a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) consensus mechanism—was widely expected to help its supply drop, and it did so for months.
The trend, however, reversed in April, weeks after the activation of the highly anticipated “Dencun” upgrade. This upgrade suppressed the growth of layer-2 networks by reducing their data fees and introduced transaction “blobs,” which helped reduce transaction fees.
Reducing transaction fees on Ethereum has meant that less ether is burned, which in turn reversed the cryptocurrency’s supply trend. Since the introduction of EIP-1559 in 2021, every ether transaction has a base fee that gets burned, helping reduce the supply of ETH.
The reduction in burned ether has seen ETH’s supply grow over the last few months to the point its circulating supply has grown by 8,242 ETH since the Merge, data from Ultrasound.money shows.
Ether also saw the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) recently delay its decision on listing options contracts for BlackRock’s iShares Ethereum Trust (ETHA), which could also be weighing on the cryptocurrency’s performance.
Other factors, including a restriction of the Ethereum Foundation and heightened competition from other networks, including Solana, have also been affecting ether, whose value relative to BTC recently dropped to 2021 lows. In a research report, JPMorgan has said ETH lacks a compelling narrative like that of BTC
Despite the bearish performance, analysts have pointed out ether’s price is mirroring a pattern it saw before that was followed by renewed bullish momentum. On Friday, Jake Ostrovskis, an OTC trader at crypto market maker Wintermute, told CoinDesk he was seeing “strong over-the-counter demand for ETH.”
Analysts at Santiment pointed out on social media there has been a drop in the amount of ETH tokens at a profit since they were first mined as bearish sentiment affects the cryptocurrency, which could be a potential setup for a surprise bounce “once crypto markets are able to stabilize.”
Francisco is a reporter for CoinDesk with a passion for cryptocurrencies and personal finance. Before joining CoinDesk he worked at major financial and crypto publications. He owns bitcoin, ether, solana, and PAXG above CoinDesk's $1,000 disclosure threshold.
About
Contact
Policies"
62,2025-02-08,"Our writers and editors independently determine what we cover and recommend. When you buy through our links, E! may earn a commission. Learn more.
It's still winter, but Spring Break is right..."
63,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 10 AI News Updates Making Waves on Wall Street. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Cloudastructure, Inc. Class A Common Stock (NASDAQ:CSAI) stands against the other AI stocks.
The evolving space of AI has been a major focus these days, as experts and executives are weighing in on how it is reshaping the tech sector. From the rise of open-source models to the shift towards AI agents that perform tasks autonomously, AI is quickly transforming industries. Advancements in large language models are continuing to progress and companies are rethinking their strategies, with some seeing AI as a commodity and others exploring new ways to harness its potential. At the same time, regulatory shifts and market reactions to these technological developments, like the introduction of DeepSeek's R1 model, are creating both opportunities and challenges for the future of AI in tech.
Financial Markets analyst, Fiona Cincotta recently discussed AI's impact on tech earnings and the regulatory environment under the new Trump administration on Bloomberg Technology. She highlighted that AI continues to be the main focus for investors, who are eager to see returns from the significant investments made in the sector. The optimism surrounding AI has helped maintain high stock valuations, as investors expect the potential for cost reductions in the future. However, Cincotta noted a divergence between software and hardware companies, with software firms benefiting from fewer restrictions, while chipmakers could face challenges due to tariffs and export limitations.
When talking about regulation, Cincotta mentioned that a potential reduction in regulation under the new administration could benefit the tech industry, especially in AI, where regulation is still an open question. She suggested that decreased regulation would likely boost stock prices in the tech sector.
She also discussed investor expectations, especially the pressure to see results from AI investments. While AI spending is still seen as crucial, the recent unveiling of DeepSeek raised questions about the sustainability of such investments. Investors are optimistic for now, but as we approach mid-2025, they will expect stronger revenue streams and profit margins. She pointed out that some Big Tech stocks are under scrutiny, with investors looking for solid financial returns as a measure of success. Nevertheless, the Mag7 tech stocks remain a focal point for investor interest.
For this article, we selected AI stocks by reviewing news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. We listed the stocks in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiment taken from Insider Monkey’s database of 900 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A woman using a tablet to navigate the cloud-based bill payment technology.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: N/A
Cloudastructure, Inc. Class A Common Stock (NASDAQ:CSAI) offers a cloud-based security platform with AI-driven surveillance, remote guarding, and flexible pricing to provide proactive, real-time crime prevention and reduced ownership costs.
On February 6, Cloudastructure announced that it is expanding its salesforce to meet the rising demand for its AI-powered video surveillance and security solutions. The move is part of the company's strategy to strengthen its position in the security market, especially in industries such as multifamily properties and large commercial sites. The expanded team will focus on engaging businesses and property managers, educating them on the benefits of Cloudastructure's AI surveillance and remote guarding services, and helping clients adopt tailored security solutions.
Overall CSAI ranks 10th on our list of the AI stocks that are making waves on Wall Street. While we acknowledge the potential of CSAI as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CSAI but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
 Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
64,2025-02-08,"TOPSHOT - Traders work on the floor at the opening bell of the Dow Industrial Average at the New ... [+] York Stock Exchange. Photo by BRYAN R. SMITH/AFP via Getty Images
Equity and bond prices fell after the release of the January jobs report and in anticipation of potential across-the-board U.S. tariffs in the week ahead. These market moves appear to have ignored the potential for the January Consumer Price Index inflation report to show easing year-on-year inflationary pressures when it is released on February 12. However, base effects seem likely to send year-on-year total and core CPI inflation rates lower in this week’s forthcoming CPI report, which could provide financial markets with much-needed relief as investors’ expectations for 2025 Federal Reserve interest rate cuts improve. Although the likelihood of a March interest rate is likely to remain highly improbable, the odds for an interest rate cut in May or June could rise significantly if inflationary pressures ease, in which the greenback would likely fall, supporting equity and bond prices.
After the release of the January jobs report on February 7, the dollar and bond yields rose while equity and bond prices fell. These market moves were about more than the jobs report, as this report topped off a week of solid economic data and rising fears about forthcoming U.S. tariffs.
The solid January 2024 jobs report topped last week’s economic docket. However, other data were also positive—and stronger than expected.
The January ISM Manufacturing Index rose to 50.9, the strongest level since September 2022. Meanwhile, the ISM Non-Manufacturing Index decelerated to 52.8 but continued to expand with a reading above 50, reflecting ongoing growth in the services sector. Plus, weekly initial jobless claims remained low at 219,000, while the latest JOLTS report from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reflected 7.6 million open jobs in December. The only truly weak economic data last week was a significant decline in December factory orders by 0.9%. The week was otherwise filled with positive growth data for the economy.
As a result of last week’s solid growth data, the latest Atlanta Fed GDPNow shows Q1 2025 GDP likely to be 2.9%, based on data available through Feb. 7, 2025.
In the wake of solid growth data, the January jobs report weighed further on the potential for a March Fed interest rate cut as payrolls added 143,000 net new jobs in January with a sizable upward revision of to the previous two payroll figures and the unemployment rate fell to 4%, the lowest rate since May 2024,
The release of solid jobs and growth data, coupled with policy concerns, moved markets significantly. Market mavens, traders, and institutional investors started bracing themselves for additional U.S. tariff announcements this week while also discounting the potential for easing January year-on-year CPI consumer inflation rates.
The U.S. unemployment rate fell to 4.0% in January 2025. Payroll gains added 143,000, which was a ... [+] deceleration from the revised 307,000 payroll gains in December.
The coming week’s economic docket includes multiple key growth and inflation reports.
January economic growth reports that will be released this week are likely to be generally positive, including retail sales and industrial production. Jobless claims are poised to remain relatively low.
This week’s January inflation reports are likely to be more important for markets and Fed expectations than the growth reports. The January Consumer Price Index and Producer Price Index inflation reports are likely to show modest month-on-month pressures, with the potential for decelerating year-on-year CPI and core CPI rates.
Inflation is currently the Fed’s top concern. December year-on-year consumer inflation rates were elevated, with total CPI at 2.9%, core CPI at 3.2%, total Personal Consumption Expenditures inflation at 2.6%, and core PCE at 2.8%.
Despite already elevated inflation rates, Prestige Economics has forecasted that the January CPI report on February 12 could show decelerations in year-on-year total CPI to 2.5% from 2.9% and core CPI to 3.0% from 3.2%.
U.S. year-on-year total CPI consumer inflation accelerated in December 2024 to 2.9%. Core CPI ... [+] consumer inflation decelerated modestly to 3.2%.
The December Federal Open Market Committee projections for the federal funds rate reflected expectations of only two 0.25% rate cuts by the end of 2025. These forecasts were impacted by the acceleration in year-on-year consumer inflation rates through November, and a further acceleration in year-on-year December CPI consumer inflation pushed market expectations for future Fed rate cuts even lower.
On the upside, Prestige Economics has been expecting a deceleration in the January year-on-year total CPI and core CPI that could be the beginning of easing through the second quarter, with lower year-on-year inflation rates in Q2 2025 due to base effects. In fact, according to Prestige Economics, year-on-year total CPI and total PCE consumer inflation rates could fall to the Fed’s 2% target in 2025, even though they are currently well above target. However, core inflation rates could still remain above the Fed’s 2% for most or even all of 2025.
If year-on-year consumer inflation rates fall in the second quarter due to base effects, market participants may be currently underestimating the potential for two or more rate cuts in 2025.
The economic growth outlook is solid, especially after the 2.3% GDP growth rate in Q4 2024, the rebound in January manufacturing and material handling, and the solid January jobs report. As such, the Fed is not under pressure to cut interest rates imminently, and it is also highly unlikely to cut interest rates in March 2025. Nevertheless, a 0.25% rate cut in May 2025 or June 2025 still seems possible as year-on-year total CPI consumer inflation likely falls due to base effects.
Market expectations reflect an exceptionally low probability of an interest rate cut in March. However, a rate cut in May or June still seems possible, especially if year-on-year consumer inflation rates ease in the months ahead.
Even though the December FOMC projections reflected expectations of two 0.25% Fed interest rate cuts this year, forecasts often differ greatly from reality. Moreover, there could be cause for the Fed to cut interest rates by more than 0.5% in 2025, especially if year-on-year consumer inflation rates fall significantly in Q2 2025. Unfortunately, consumer inflation data for Q2 2025 is still several months in the future. In the immediate term, data in the forthcoming January 2025 consumer inflation report could show modestly easing year-on-year inflation rates that revive the potential for three 0.25% rate cuts in 2025.
Trade and tariff risks present a high degree of uncertainty and volatility for markets in the week ahead and beyond. However, if year-on-year total consumer inflation rates decelerate in the January CPI report, monetary policy factors would fundamentally weigh on the dollar and bond yields, supporting equity prices, bond prices, and even industrial commodity prices.
What do you expect for the January CPI Report?
Let me know what you think in the comments below.
Also, be sure to subscribe to my YouTube channel and visit Prestige Economics and The Futurist Institute for additional content about the economy, financial markets, inflation, and Fed policy.

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
65,2025-02-08,"Our wellness advice is expert-vetted. Our top picks are based on our editors’ independent research, analysis, and hands-on testing. If you buy through our links, we may get a commission. Reviews ethics statement

    Want a sweet treat during your Super Bowl party? Try one of these sugar substitutes instead of the processed stuff. 
  
You'll probably want a sweet treat (or two) during your upcoming Super Bowl 2025 festivities -- especially if you're hosting a Taylor Swift-themed party. If you're worried about consuming sugar but still want to treat yourself, it can help to focus on the type and amount of sugar you're eating. There's no need to eliminate sugar completely from your life -- after all, our bodies use sugar to make energy, which you'll need to make it to the halftime show. 
For women and kids, the recommended amount is six teaspoons of sugar daily. For men, it's nine teaspoons. As for the type of sugar you should consume, try out some new Super Bowl recipes that feature natural sugar substitutes that are lightly processed or unrefined. We outlined popular natural sugar alternatives below to help you figure out which one you or your guests would like best. 
Before we get into sugar substitutes, it's important to clarify that sugar isn't inherently bad for you. It's vital for your health. Your body turns carbohydrates into glucose, a form of sugar, which is a primary energy source to keep your body moving and your brain functioning. Despite what some popular diet fads advocate, without carbs and sugars you may experience health problems and symptoms such as low energy, sleep problems and brain fog.
The goal shouldn't be to avoid sugar but to consume the right kinds of sugar. Much of today's American diet consists of added sugars, which are processed and refined to add intense sweetness without much substance. Ultrarefined white sugar and high-fructose corn syrup are common ingredients in sodas, pastries, bread and condiments. These get delivered quickly to your bloodstream without adding other nutritional value. Excessive consumption of these sugars can lead to serious health complications, including high blood pressure, diabetes and fatty liver disease.
You can find the amount of added sugars on the nutrition facts label and ingredients list of any food item. The higher the added sugar is on the ingredients list, the more sugar is in the product. Added sugars go by many names, such as brown sugar, corn sweeteners, corn syrup, dextrose, fructose, glucose, high-fructose corn syrup, malt syrup, maltose and sucrose. 
In contrast, natural sugars are unrefined or only lightly processed and found naturally in many foods. Fruits, for example, contain fructose, but they're also high in fiber, providing a balanced combination of nutrients for your body. Honey and maple syrup are naturally sweet but rich in minerals, vitamins and antioxidants.
There are also various natural sweeteners and sugar substitutes that you can add to food and beverages that provide sweetness without the downsides of refined sugars. Examples of these alternative sugars include sugar alcohols like sorbitol, artificial sweeteners like aspartame and natural sweeteners like stevia.
Here's the good news: If you want to cut back on sugar, you still have plenty of options for keeping things sweet. Below are six of the best natural sugar substitutes you can add to your diet in place of refined sugars.
Honey has long been appreciated not only for its natural sweetness but also for its nutritional value. Bees make it from plant nectar in the process of pollination and it contains an array of beneficial plant compounds and antioxidants. 
Raw and darker honey, which are minimally processed, are rich in flavonoids and phenolic acids, in particular. These offer many benefits, including positive effects on cardiovascular, gastrointestinal and respiratory health. It's even been shown to reduce seasonal allergies.
Another popular natural sweetener, maple syrup, has claimed its place atop many pancakes. If you're cutting back on sugar, you may want to skip the pancakes but hang on to the syrup, which is produced from the sap of sugar maple trees.
That's because maple syrup, like honey, contains antioxidants and minerals that can be beneficial for your health. Many of the unique compounds found in maple syrup have been shown to help combat cancer and diabetes. The darker the maple syrup, the less refined it is, and the more of these benefits it may provide.
If you're not a fan of the flavor of maple syrup or honey but still want a way to sweeten up beverages and recipes, stevia is a great natural sugar alternative to try. This sweetener is made from the Stevia plant, and it's 200 to 400 times sweeter than table sugar. 
As a sugar substitute, stevia is non-nutritive, meaning it contains almost no calories. It adds sweetness without much else, and that may be just what you're looking for when cutting back on sugar. Stevia has also been correlated with reduced blood sugar and cholesterol. Keep in mind that many stevia products on the market contain other processed ingredients or sugar alcohols, so it's important to do your research before using them.
If you're looking for a more nutritionally balanced form of sugar, it's tough to beat raw fruits. The dietary fiber present in raw fruits aids in digestion and slows down sugar metabolism, reducing blood sugar spikes you might see from fruit juice or sugar additives. Eating fiber-rich foods can also help you reduce your total caloric intake and lower your risk of heart disease.
Pureed fruits give you many of the same benefits, and they can serve as sweeteners to add to other foods. Applesauce works as an egg substitute in many recipes, for instance, and pureed berries make a great addition to plain, unsweetened yogurt.
Monk fruit is another plant-based alternative sugar. This one is extracted from monk fruit, also known as luo han guo, a small round fruit that's commonly found in Southeast Asia. Although monk fruit itself contains fructose and glucose, these are actually removed in the extraction process, creating a non-nutritive sweetener that's around 100 times sweeter than table sugar.
Monk fruit is relatively new to the market, so it needs further study to determine all its potential health benefits. Research on other non-nutritive sweeteners shows promising results in terms of weight management and fending off diabetes. The naturally sweet mogrosides in monk fruit also contain antioxidants, which can help with immune health and cancer prevention.
Fruit juice is a natural sweetener that you can drink on its own or add to other beverages or condiments or even use in cooking. 100% fruit juice is a much better option than refined table sugar or high-fructose corn syrup because fruit juice is natural and unprocessed. It also contains loads of vitamins and nutrients."
66,2025-02-08,"
The Kansas City Chiefs want to re-sign impending free agent wide receiver Marquise ""Hollywood"" Brown, but members within the organization believe that Buffalo Bills star quarterback Josh Allen would like to play with him, per ESPN's Jeremy Fowler.
""The Chiefs very much want to keep receiver Hollywood Brown, who should have a good market due to teams' desire for speed options on the outside,"" Fowler reported.
""Mahomes advocated for signing Brown last year and will likely do so again. Will another star quarterback -- like Josh Allen -- be next? People with the Chiefs I spoke to this week believe that Allen has long wanted to play with Brown.""
Brown was limited to two regular-season games after suffering a sternoclavicular injury during the preseason. He returned in Week 16 and has been featured in the Chiefs' run to the Super Bowl.
Brown, who turns 28 years old in June, has played six NFL seasons. He's been productive when healthy and notably caught 91 passes for 1,008 yards and six touchdowns over 16 games during the 2021 season for the Baltimore Ravens.
Injuries have slowed him down or kept him off the field at times over the past three years, but he's clearly a threat whenever he's out there.
The Chiefs also value his presence, even if he missed nearly all of 2024. Brown was second among wideouts in snaps (43) in the AFC Championship Game against the Bills, per Pro Football Reference. He finished with three catches for 35 yards on five targets.
As for Allen's reported and potential interest in seeing Brown as a Bill, Buffalo has to add reinforcements this offseason with Mack Hollins and Amari Cooper both free agents. Brown could be a deep threat in Buffalo and form a great partnership with the strong-armed Allen.
In the interim, Brown is focused on the Super Bowl, where he'll look to help the Chiefs win their third straight Super Bowl. Kickoff is set for Sunday at 6:30 p.m. ET in New Orleans against the Philadelphia Eagles."
67,2025-02-08,"
Boxabl recently designed a tiny home called Baby Box that can be constructed in 60 minutes. And they’re back with another banger called the Casita! The Casita is another tiny home is more square footage, and it will be ready to move in within a day. Boxabl’s ingenious, foldable designs truly seem to be redefining the tiny home market. These homes can be built in a matter of hours, and they can be shipped directly to any destination. The Casita measures 19 ft long by 8 ft 6 in wide and 12 ft 4 in tall (5.8 x 2.6 x 3.8 m). Once the house has been unfolded, it measures around 19 ft by 19 ft with a 10 ft 9-in rooftop (5.8 x 5.8 x 3.3 m). The interior includes a spacious 9.5-ft (2.9-m) ceiling.
Designer: Boxabl







The Casita comes with fully pre-installed wiring and plumbing from the factory, making the installation process for this 13,000-lb (5,897-kg) home incredibly straightforward and hassle-free. In terms of convenience, it is even more convenient than travel trailers. Despite being a folding house, Boxabl claims the Casita is constructed to a higher code standard than many traditional manufactured homes.
There are two versions of the Casita available to accommodate various zoning requirements. The modular version is built in accordance with residential building codes. It is fully equipped with full-size electric appliances, including a refrigerator, microwave, stovetop, and HVAC. It is also equipped with two entry/exit doors and is linked to the grid with a 100-amp service. The modular Casita can be stacked, or connected side by side, if and when your family grows.







Boxabl also offers another version of the Casita – the park model RV option. This model is constructed to meet RV specifications, following the standard ANSI A119.5 RV code. Unlike traditional homes, it is permanently affixed to a rolling chassis, similar to a travel trailer. Some unique features include having only one entry/exit door and the option for a propane-fueled stove. It requires a 50-amp or 100-amp service, much like larger RVs do.
However, both the Casita models share key features, such as energy-efficient insulation, LED lighting, a 30-gallon (113-L) electric water heater, a full bathroom, and pre-installed utility hookups (water, sewage, electricity), enabling homeowners to settle into their tiny homes immediately.


The Casita is the Boxabl’s first model, and it was released in September 2020. The company made its first delivery in 2020, by providing 156 Casitas for Camp Justice at Guantanamo Bay to house juries and lawyers. Casita has been utilized for humanitarian relief efforts – ranging from housing a copper mine workforce in Arizona to creating a commercial Airbnb community in Stillwater, Oklahoma.



Travelers know the frustration: your bag is neatly packed with essentials, but then—there it is—a bulky, awkward toothbrush taking up precious space. Or worse, a…
Feeling overwhelmed with all the information flooding your way, whether they’re from meetings, clients, or news in general? Ever felt that there are now even…
Central London. Bustling. Central New York. Crowded. Central Mumbai. Congested. Central Tokyo… surprisingly calming. Residence K is a home designed for a space in the…
As a child, the act of sharpening pencils was both a routine and a creative delight. The delicate, spiraling shavings often ended up as “flowers”…
Our living space can really affect our moods, thoughts, and mindset! A happy and peaceful space means a happy and peaceful mind. Hence, it’s extremely…
This original concept by Naser and Taher Nasiri was designed as an office space for a gas company. However abstract, the concrete and glass and…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
68,2025-02-08,"
        Advanced Micro Devices (AMD -2.36%) shares fell following its Q4 earnings report as its data center revenue soared but still came in below analysts' consensus expectations. The stock is now down more than 35% over the past year, as of this writing.Let's dive into the chipmaker's…
    "
69,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
Housing has always been a hot topic of debate, especially as buyers continue to be priced out of the market. The once attainable “American Dream” of homeownership is now plagued with rising costs and stiff competition.
Read Next: 6 Best Florida Suburbs to Buy Property in the Next 5 Years, According to Real Estate Agents
Discover More: How Middle-Class Earners Are Quietly Becoming Millionaires — and How You Can, Too
Although these trends started decades ago, the past 10 years have seen some drastic changes in the average home sale price. Here’s how the average cost of a home has changed in the last 10 years, including factors that influenced home prices, based on GOBankingRates research.
The economy was strong in 2014, marking the biggest rebound since the Great Recession. The average home sale price in 2014 was $347,700. With inflation, this equates to about $459,590. Part of the economic rebound is attributed to high job growth and low unemployment rates.
For You: America’s 50 Fastest-Growing Suburbs With Home Values Under $500,000
The economy and housing market continued to build off 2014’s momentum. The spring of 2015 saw the best home-building numbers since 2007. The average home sale price reached $352,700, or about $466,542 when inflation is factored in.
In 2016, former President Donald Trump was elected to office, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average surged to 19,000 for the first time. Similarly, housing prices reached a new high at an average sale price of $360,900. In 2024’s currency, this would be about $473,354.
With Trump setting 3% growth targets for his first year in office, the economy continued to grow along with consumer confidence. Consumer confidence reached its highest point since 2000, while unemployment remained low and the economy solidified a 2.3% growth rate. These factors trickled down into home prices increasing to $384,900. In today’s currency, this amount equates to $462,347.
2018 remained a strong year despite a few mishaps. The Dow Jones Industrial Average exceeded 26,000; however, it also sustained the largest one-day drop, falling by 1,597 points. Other stock trading platforms also announced declines, including the Nasdaq and S&P 500. Housing prices did not fall, but they did remain around 2017 levels, with an average home sale price of $385,000 or $481,851 when converted to today’s currency with inflation.
Housing prices dipped in 2019 to an average home sale price of $383,900, which is $471,689 with inflation factored in. One of the main causes of the receding market was turbulence at the White House. The House of Representatives voted to impeach Trump, while Former FBI Director Robert Mueller launched an investigation into the former president’s campaign.
2020 started the rapid rise in housing prices, with the pandemic in full swing by March 2020. Trump declared a national emergency, unlocking $50 billion in federal funds. At the same time, non-essential businesses shut down, sports leagues were halted and travel bans were enforced. The average home sale price jumped to $391,900 or $474,219 when factoring in inflation.
By the time 2021 rolled around, Americans were antsy about stay-at-home orders and shut down businesses. This triggered a new wave of home purchases to accommodate lifestyle changes. In 2021, housing prices advanced 18.8% to $464,200. In 2024 dollars, this is $547,365.
Average home sale prices grew in 2022 to $540,000, or $586,633 in today’s dollars. Even with interest rates cooling, the demand for new housing continued to climb. Inflation and the cost of living reached their highest levels in 40 years.
With the Federal Reserve raising rates seven times in 2022, the housing market started to cool. The average home sale price was $513,800 or $531,667 in 2024’s currency. Despite the drop, the cost of financing a home remained too high for many Americans.
Increases in the average home sale price aren’t inherently bad. In fact, growth in home prices does mean the economy is growing. However, the pandemic created widespread shortages. With supply still low and interest rates high, many Americans are having difficulty entering the market.
Methodology: For this study, GOBankingRates found the national average home sale price from 1963 to 2023 in years sold dollars as well as current dollars. Using the US Census’s New Residential Construction Average Home Sale Price, GOBankingRates found the historical average home sales price starting in 1963. Using the Bureau of Labor Statistics Consumer Price Index Inflation Calculator, the historical home price can be calculated in 2024 dollars. All data was collected on and is up to date as of May 24, 2024.
More From GOBankingRates
4 Subtly Genius Moves All Wealthy People Make With Their Money
3 Signs You've 'Made It' Financially, According to Financial Influencer Genesis Hinckley
Renting vs. Owning a Home: Which Will Be Cheaper in 2025?
4 Unusual Ways To Make Extra Money That Actually Work
This article originally appeared on GOBankingRates.com: How the Average Cost of a Home Has Changed in the Last 10 Years
Sign in to access your portfolio"
70,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discussed These 12 Stocks Recently. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Capri Holdings Limited (NYSE:CPRI) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently.
Jim Cramer, the host of Mad Money, recently examined the latest market trends, highlighting some important themes where stocks have faced challenges, especially those reliant on business with China.
He pointed out that certain stocks often experience significant drops after earnings reports, a trend he has observed consistently. However, Cramer cautioned that finding buying opportunities from these dips is not always as simple as it may seem. While these stocks might appear attractive when they get hit, he emphasized that they are typically impacted unjustifiably, suggesting that if you buy them whenever they drop, you would likely see positive returns. He added:
“So you’re probably saying, can it really be that easy? I mean, why aren’t I a millionaire? Well, I’ll tell you why. Because there are landmines, real landmines in the yellow brick road times when the dips are milling at the beginning so I’m gonna spell those out for you too.”
READ ALSO: Jim Cramer Highlighted Buying Opportunities in 13 Stocks and Jim Cramer Shed Light on These 8 Stocks Recently
One of the first questions Cramer believes investors should ask themselves is whether a stock is tied to China in any way. This dependency, he mentioned, has severely impacted many companies recently. Cramer also pointed out that retailers, especially department stores, have taken a hit, as well as companies in the chemical sector, which heavily rely on Chinese demand. According to Cramer, these businesses need orders from China to stay afloat, making them vulnerable to fluctuations in that market.
Another factor Cramer highlighted is the growing impact of GLP-1 drugs, which have the potential to curb cravings for certain food products. Cramer pointed to beloved brands like Hershey, Oreos, and Fruit Loops, among others, which are now facing challenges as these drugs reduce consumer desire for such treats. He noted that with demand for these products waning, the stocks of companies producing them are suffering.
“Bottom line: Always remember that there are indeed Teflon stocks in any market. The key? Don’t buy them unless and until they get knocked down and then remember they’ll get up again. You are never gonna keep them down.”
For this article, we compiled a list of 12 stocks that were discussed by Jim Cramer during the episode of Mad Money on February 5. We listed the stocks in the order that Cramer mentioned them. We also provided hedge fund sentiment for each stock as of the third quarter of 2024, which was taken from Insider Monkey’s database of 900 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A glamorous woman with a leather handbag enjoying a shopping experience in an upscale boutique.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 57
Cramer noted that even companies like Capri Holdings Limited (NYSE:CPRI) are suffering due to department stores.
“Let’s expand it. Does it sell in department stores? Capri, PVH, Tapestry, sold… Nothing’s foolproof.”
Capri (NYSE:CPRI) designs, markets, and sells branded apparel, footwear, and accessories for both men and women, offering a wide range of products, including clothing, eyewear, jewelry, fragrances, and footwear under its major brands.
Riverwater Partners stated the following regarding Capri Holdings Limited (NYSE:CPRI) in its Q4 2024 investor letter:
“The worst performer in Q4 was Capri Holdings Limited (NYSE:CPRI), which owns the brands Versace, Jimmy Choo, and Michael Kors. Capri’s stock sold off drastically after a judge sided with the Department of Justice claim that a proposed merger with Tapestry Inc. (TPR) would create a monopoly in the “affordable handbag space.” The sell off cost the portfolio 123 bps in contribution to return. The holding was sized on the low end of our range so the only positive takeaway is that it never became a full position.”
Overall, CPRI ranks 8th on our list of stocks that Jim Cramer discussed recently. While we acknowledge the potential of CPRI as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than CPRI but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
71,2025-02-08,"Donald Trump’s life has changed dramatically since the 1980s. His playbook remains largely the same. 
High flyer: Donald Trump, aboard his helicopter from New York to Atlantic City in 1987, has long used the image of success to create excitement around his projects.
President Trump’s proposal this week to turn transform Gaza from a “hellhole” into the “Riviera of the Middle East” gobsmacked world leaders, but it’s not the first time Trump has floated luxury development as an urban revitalization tool. Just take a trip back in time to the Donald Trump years of Atlantic City.
“Donald was a great promoter,” says Nicholas Ribis, who served as chief executive of his casino empire. “Nobody could promote the way he does—just like he’s promoting what he’s doing on the Gaza Strip, which I’m sure just popped into his head when he was there. It’s a great idea. It will never get done, but it was great.”
Trump first got intrigued with Atlantic City in the late 1970s, after gambling became legal and casinos reported $134 million of citywide revenue in their first year. He started working the phone, acting on a tip about an available parcel from an architect close to his father. The locals didn’t always welcome Trump’s plans—a woman who owned a boardinghouse near one site would not sell, sparking a feud. “I refused to call her names,” recalls Alan Marcus, a communications consultant who worked with Trump back in the day. “He believes that if you do that, that’s how you punctuate your rights, by denigrating somebody. He believes that if you denigrate them, it uplifts you.”
The Trump Plaza opened in 1984 with blaring red lights. Trump’s Castle arrived a year later, and the Trump Taj Mahal came in 1990, with the young mogul touting it as the “eighth wonder of the world.” All along, he followed the same playbook that Barbara Res, who helped build Trump Tower, had seen at various properties. “Trump aggrandizes everything,” she explains. “Something he could pull out of the sky and put his name on and say this is the greatest thing ever built. That’s what he does.”
No one attracts press quite like Donald Trump, who has been in the spotlight for nearly 50 years.
The casinos brought in a lot of money, though not enough to cover Trump’s debt expenses, leading to bankruptcies in the early 1990s. Trump, ever the salesman, found more dumb money in the stock market. Investors snapped up shares of his publicly traded company, which debuted on the New York Stock Exchange in 1995 with the ticker symbol “DJT.” The public company initially contained one casino, but Trump eventually added his other two, piling debt onto the balance sheet of the public company. Investors paid the price when the casino enterprise went bankrupt another two times in the 2000s.
Among the lessons that Trump could have taken from Atlantic City: Hype matters. Never mind that the financials of his casinos did not add up—Trump flew in on helicopter, attracted crowds, hosted boxing matches and built big. That was apparently enough for banks, then bondholders, then stock investors to buy into Trump’s vision. “He knows how to shape opinion very, very well,” explains Marcus. “Some of the sharpest guys on Wall Street—you know, Bear Stearns and others—made that mistake, in terms of investing and reinvesting in his debt, knowing he never intends to pay.” Big losses followed, but Trump turned out alright, in part thanks to a web of self-dealing that moved money from the public company into his pocket.
One of Trump’s true skills is luring other people’s money. In the early 1980s, with about $400,000 in his checking account, he had lenders handing him millions, which ballooned to billions by the end of the decade. “It’s a combination of charm and force and all kinds of whatever maneuvers,” says Andrew Weiss, who worked in the Trump Organization from 1981 to 2017. “He somehow manages to get people, even when they initially think it’s totally off the wall or crazy or whatever. And I’ve seen him do it many, many times.”
Now Trump is at it again in Gaza, suggesting that U.S. taxpayers won’t end up footing any of the bill for his plan. “This could be paid for by neighboring countries of great wealth,” he professed Tuesday. Saudi Arabia shot down the idea immediately, and a Qatari spokesperson said it was too early to talk about such things. There is probably zero chance that any Arab nation is going to spend enough money to turn all of Gaza into the Riviera.
But who knows, maybe dumb money will come through again, with someone tossing in a few billion to please Trump, who could direct it toward some project that leaves questionable impact in Gaza but allows him to claim victory. “The world gets bigger, but he doesn’t think bigger,” says Marcus. “It always goes back to ‘What’s in it for me?’”
"
72,2025-02-08,"Safeguard your vision while working with laser tooling so you can unleash your creative potential.
The post Laser Eye Safety in Digital Fabrication: Protecting Your Vision appeared first on Make: DIY Projects and Ideas for Makers."
73,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published a list of 12 Best FMCG Stocks To Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) stands against other best FMCG stocks to buy according to hedge funds.
Consumer staples refer to essential daily-use products such as packaged food, toothpaste, and dish detergent. These products often run out quickly off the supermarket shelves and are considered “defensive” because consumers continue to purchase these necessities even during economic downturns. Moreover, consumer staple companies are mostly mature dividend payers.
On December 10, 2024, Ben Shuleva, Fidelity Sector Portfolio Manager shared his outlook for the sector in a report published on Fidelity Investments. The consumer staples sector had a positive year but lagged behind the broader market due to investors favoring higher-growth stocks. The high interest rates and concerns about GLP-1 weight-loss drugs affecting food consumption also impacted performance negatively. However, despite these challenges, the sector still posted strong absolute gains. Compared to the S&P 500 index the consumer staple sector gained 16.7% on a year-to-date basis as of December 9, whereas the S&P 500 index gained 26.9% during the same time.
READ ALSO: 12 Undervalued Cyclical Stocks to Buy Right Now and 10 High Growth Financial Stocks To Invest In.
Ben Shuleva from Fidelity Investments anticipates a return to normalcy for the consumer staples sector in 2025. He suggests this based on a broadly stable economic environment with healthy employment and steady real wage growth. In addition, the Fed is expected to begin cutting interest rates, which could boost dividend-paying stocks. Lastly, consumer spending has remained strong and is expected to remain resilient in 2025, thereby indicating positive sales growth for the sector. Shuleva anticipates that these factors will lead the sector to outperform the broader market in 2025. However, there could be a few uncertainties that could hamper the growth trajectory. The new presidential administration may introduce changes in tariff policies, which could affect certain consumer staples products. Although most consumer staples are manufactured domestically, so the direct impact of tariffs might be limited. Moreover, a strengthening US dollar can negatively affect consumer staples companies with international operations by reducing their foreign earnings when converted back into dollars. Shuleva emphasizes focusing on core fundamentals when investing in consumer staple companies, such as those operating in favorable market structures and maintaining strong underlying growth profiles.
To complete the list of the 12 best FMCG stocks to buy according to hedge funds, we used the Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR Fund and Vanguard Consumer Staples ETF. We selected pure-play Fast-Moving Consumer Goods-producing companies from the holdings of these two ETFs and ranked them in ascending order of the number of hedge funds that held stakes in them at the close of the third quarter. The number of hedge funds was sourced from Insider Monkey’s third-quarter 2024 database.
Why do we care about what hedge funds do? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A close up of a glass of a refreshing carbonated beverage illustrating the company's different beverages.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 58
PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) is an international producer and seller of renowned snacks and drinks. It is the company behind popular drinks including Pepsi-Cola, Mountain Dew, Gatorade, and more. The company also produces popular snacks under the brand names Lay’s, Doritos, and Cheetos.
On February 6, Zheng Feng Chee, an analyst from DBS, maintained a Buy rating on the stock with a price target of $172. Feng Chee kept the Buy rating for various reasons, including the company’s focus on strategic product development and category diversification. For instance, PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ:PEP) in January closed its acquisition deal of Siete Foods for $1.2 billion. Siete Foods makes food for people looking for grain-free and dairy-free options. Analyst Fee Chee expects this will further diversify the product portfolio of the company thereby boosting growth by tapping into the underpenetrated away-from-home food segment.
Moreover, Fend Chee also sees substantial growth potential in international markets due to lower per capita consumption of snacks and beverages compared to the US. During fiscal 2024 the company generated $91.8 billion in revenue up slightly from the $91.4 billion generated in 2023. Management during its fiscal fourth-quarter earnings call indicated their plan to build upon the successful expansion of international business while focusing on the North American segment.
Overall, PEP ranks 4th on our list of best FMCG stocks to buy according to hedge funds. While we acknowledge the potential of PEP to grow, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than PEP but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
74,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently published a list of 10 Firms Post Double-Digit Gains on Friday. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Nuscale Power Corporation (NYSE:SMR) stands against other firms that posted double-digit gains on Friday.
The stock market fell into the red territory on Friday, with all major indices recording losses over renewed fears of growing trade tensions coupled with expectations of a higher inflation rate in the US.
The Dow Jones lost 0.99 percent, the S&P 500 declined 0.95 percent, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq dived by 1.36 percent.
Despite the overall pessimistic sentiment, 10 companies managed to defy losses, posting double-digit gains in their valuations amid a flurry of impressive earnings performance.
To come up with Friday’s top winners, we considered only the stocks with at least $2 billion in market capitalization and $5 million in daily trading volume.
A Nuclear power plant with all its safety & security protocols in place.
Shares of Nuscale Power Corporation (NYSE:SMR) traded higher in line with its peers on Friday, jumping 11.14 percent to close at $25.84 apiece as investor sentiment was fueled by announcements that the US will prioritize energy expansion in the country.
Following his confirmation to lead the US power sector, Energy Secretary Chris Wright issued a department order stating that the agency would prioritize expanding energy production over achieving net-zero greenhouse gas emissions.
“The Department’s goal will be to unleash the great abundance of American energy required to power modern life and to achieve a durable state of American energy dominance,” the order was quoted as saying in a report by Reuters.
It also underscored that net zero policies pushed up the prices of energy for homes and businesses, threatened the reliability of energy systems, and undermined energy security.
Nuscale Power Corporation (NYSE:SMR), a company specializing in small modular reactors, stands to benefit from the government’s energy expansion plan, further fueled by an expected boom in the Artificial Intelligence industry.
Overall, SMR ranks 10th on our list of firms that posted double-digit gains on Friday. While we acknowledge the potential of SMR as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than SMR but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
75,2025-02-08,"
Multiple teams are reportedly expected to have interest in a trade for Los Angeles Rams wide receiver Cooper Kupp this offseason.
Kupp revealed earlier this week in a post on X that the Rams informed him they intend to trade him:
I was informed that the team will be seeking a trade immediately and will be working with me and my family to find the right place to continue competing for championships. I don't agree with the decision and always believed it was going to begin and end in LA. <br><br>Still, if there's… <a href=""https://t.co/XWmbGVscGy"">pic.twitter.com/XWmbGVscGy</a>
According to ESPN's Jeremy Fowler, NFL executives believe Kupp will have a trade market due to the fact that he is quarterback-friendly, can make contested catches and is known as a hard worker.
An AFC executive said the New England Patriots would be ""foolish"" to not look into a trade for Kupp. It was also noted that the Pittsburgh Steelers looked into Kupp's availability at the trade deadline this season, so they could be a potential landing spot as well.
Fowler also floated the Detroit Lions, Washington Commanders and Kansas City Chiefs as teams that would be fits for Kupp.
In addition to the Patriots and Steelers, Fowler named the Detroit Lions, Washington Commanders and Kansas City Chiefs as possible landing spots for Kupp.
Kupp already has experience playing the Lions quarterback Jared Goff from their time together with the Rams, while the Commanders need a complement across from Terry McLaurin and the Chiefs have a penchant for going after veteran wideouts to pair with quarterback Patrick Mahomes.
Kupp, 31, is preparing to enter his ninth NFL season, and it is fair to say that he has had a unique career this far.
The season everyone still remembers and talks about is his historic 2021 campaign when he won the receiving Triple Crown with 145 receptions for 1,947 yards and 16 touchdowns. Kupp was also Offensive Player of the Year that season, and he was Super Bowl MVP in the Rams' Super Bowl win over the Cincinnati Bengals.
In three seasons since then, Kupp has never had more than 75 catches, 812 yards or six touchdowns in a single campaign primarily due to injuries.
Kupp missed eight games in 2022 and five in each of the past two seasons. He was productive when healthy this season, recording 67 grabs for 710 yards and six scores, but Kupp clearly fell behind Puka Nacua as quarterback Matthew Stafford's preferred No. 1 option.
The 2021 season is the only time Kupp has ever been a Pro Bowler or First Team All-Pro, and he has only one other 1,000-yard season to his credit, finishing with 1,161 yards in 2019.
Kupp has played an entire slate of regular-season games only once in his career, and that is likely the main thing that would give teams pause before trading for him.
Also, Kupp is signed through 2026, and Fowler noted that $15 million of the $20 million Kupp is due in 2025 is guaranteed via a roster bonus.
Fowler suggested that the Rams would likely eat some of his salary in a trade, but how much they are willing to take on will almost certainly be among the main determining factors in where he lands."
76,2025-02-08,"memeorandum is an auto-generated summary of the stories that US political commentators are discussing online right now.
Unlike sister sites Techmeme and Mediagazer, it is not a human-edited news outlet, but rather a media-monitoring tool for sophisticated news consumers.
View the current page or another snapshot:"
77,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 12 Best Healthcare Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:BBIO) stands against the other healthcare stocks.
McKinsey reported that, since 2019, the US healthcare industry witnessed significant financial pressure. This is evidenced by the fact that industry EBITDA as a proportion of the National Health Expenditure has declined by an estimated 150 bps (basis points). This fall has impacted payers and providers. Notably, the payers’ estimated margins in 2024 might be at their lowest levels in a decade. While providers have been facing labor shortages, the inflationary pressures have not yet been fully absorbed in the broader healthcare system.
Amidst these past trends, what does the future hold?
McKinsey believes that the healthcare players need to consider potential policy and regulatory changes that can take place in the coming years due to the 2025 change in federal government administration. Furthermore, the industry continues to undergo a shift in growth dynamics. Health services and technology (HST) revenue pools are projected to increase at an 8% CAGR from 2023 to 2028, courtesy of the double-digit growth in software platforms and advanced data and analytics via sales of innovative technologies (such as generative AI) to providers and payers.
Furthermore, pharmacy services can see continued growth, mainly those having a focus on specialty pharmacy. Growth is expected to be fueled by increased utilization and new therapy launches, says McKinsey. Notably, specialty pharmacy revenue is projected to rise at an 8% CAGR from 2023 to 2028, boosting EBITDA for specialty pharmacies and managed service providers.
READ ALSO: 7 Best Stocks to Buy For Long-Term and 8 Cheap Jim Cramer Stocks to Invest In.
McKinsey estimates that healthcare EBITDA is expected to increase by 7% CAGR to $987 billion in 2028 from a baseline of $676 billion in 2023. In many segments, the improvement is expected to be backed by recovery from post-pandemic lows, while in other areas (such as HST and specialty pharmacy), growth is projected to be faster. Software platforms have a key role in the healthcare ecosystem, allowing providers and payers to be more efficient in a complex environment.
Technological innovation (such as generative AI and machine learning) continues to create opportunities for stakeholders throughout segments via automating workflows, promoting data connectivity, and generating actionable insights. McKinsey further added that specialty pharmacy revenue is expected to experience rapid growth because of higher utilization and pipeline expansion (such as in oncology). The increased use of specialty drugs continues to expand specialty pharmacy profit pools.
Our Methodology
To list the 12 Best Healthcare Stocks to Buy According to Analysts, we used a screener and filtered out the companies catering to the healthcare sector. Next, we chose the stocks that analysts saw the most upside to. Finally, the stocks were arranged in ascending order of their average upside potential, as of February 4. We also mentioned hedge fund sentiments around each stock, as of Q3 2024.
At Insider Monkey we are obsessed with the stocks that hedge funds pile into. The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A team of scientists in white lab coats reviewing lab results in a research facility.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 46
Average Upside Potential: 43.9%
BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:BBIO) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company, engaged in discovering, creating, testing, and delivering transformative medicines to treat patients suffering from genetic diseases and cancers.  On January 14, TD Cowen analyst Tyler Van Buren maintained a bullish stance on the company’s stock, giving a “Buy” rating. The analyst’s optimism revolves around several factors, including the promising initial launch performance of BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:BBIO)’s product, Attruby.
The analyst believes that the robust sales potential and market reception of Attruby are expected to help BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:BBIO). On November 22, 2024, the US FDA approved Attruby (acoramidis), and since then, the company has seen strong momentum with 430 patient prescriptions written by 248 physicians. Elsewhere, BofA increased the company’s price objective to $45 from $42, maintaining a “Buy” rating after the FDA approval.
BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:BBIO) has also showcased a proactive approach to maximizing the value of its assets with the help of strategic partnerships and ventures. The company has debuted its newest venture—GondolaBio, a biopharma startup. It will focus on developing therapies for genetic and rare diseases.
Overall BBIO ranks 12th on our list of the best healthcare stocks to buy according to analysts. While we acknowledge the potential of BBIO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some deeply undervalued AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns, and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for a deeply undervalued AI stock that is more promising than BBIO but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap.
 Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
78,2025-02-08,"
        Few companies have benefited from the rise of generative artificial intelligence (AI) as much as Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA). The chipmaker saw its stock price increase nearly eightfold from the launch of OpenAI's ChatGPT on Nov. 30, 2022, through the end of 2024. It's briefly spent time as…
    "
79,2025-02-08,"
        The escalating bird flu crisis is ravaging the nation's supply of eggs, leading to increased prices and low-to-no stock at grocery stores, while chicken supply appears largely unchanged.The big picture: The hens that lay eggs are not the same as the chickens raised for…
    "
80,2025-02-08,"The iPhone SE 4, potentially branded as the iPhone 16e, is set to make a notable impact in the budget smartphone market. Combining modern design, advanced hardware, and competitive pricing, it aims to attract a diverse audience. Expected to launch in mid-Marc…"
81,2025-02-08,"The notion that the U.S. could produce all of its food domestically is nice, but very far from reality.
For a moment, the threat of guac-ocalypse loomed over America. Had President Donald Trump’s proposed tariffs on Mexico and Canada gone into effect, the prices of avocados and tomatoes would have skyrocketed in the approach to Super Bowl Sunday. Trump may be bluffing about his willingness to start a trade war, but the grace period he negotiated with those nations lasts just 30 days. Yesterday he said that he would announce tariffs on even more countries—he didn’t specify which—in the coming week. Soon, Americans could again be clutching our guacamole.

If the tariffs Trump has threatened do go into effect, they would quickly raise the prices not just of avocados but of strawberries, cucumbers, bell peppers, oranges, countless processed foods, and other grocery staples that are already becoming less affordable for many people. Any pain that tariffs cause American consumers would—in Trump’s view, which he boomed on Truth Social—be only a temporary bump on the road to “THE GOLDEN AGE OF AMERICA.” Implicit in that idea—and the reality of an actual trade war—is the assumption that the U.S. can make up for any lost imports on its own. Trump’s stance on agriculture is the same as his stance on everything else: “America First.”

The notion that the country could produce all of its food domestically is nice—even admirable. An America First food system would promote eating seasonally and locally, supporting more small farmers in the process. But that is not how most people eat now. Eating America First would restrict the variety that shoppers have come to expect; eating fresh blueberries year-round would be impossible. Barring the overhaul of all U.S. agriculture, it would mean a less healthy diet, too. The guac-ocalypse near miss was a reminder of the precarious state of our food system: Much of the food we want is not produced at home.

Trump’s tariffs may amount to nothing but political posturing. During his first term, he threatened Mexico with a 5 percent tariff, then backed off two weeks later. The current grace period could extend indefinitely. But an actual trade war would have a dramatic impact on the food supply. Avocados are a perfect case study. The national obsession is staggering: In 2023, the average person ate more than nine pounds of them—roughly equivalent to 27 average-size fruit. More than 90 percent of the avocados Americans buy come from Mexico; they are the nation’s top import in terms of value, Luis Ribera, an agricultural-economics professor at Texas A&M University, told me. Because they are much more expensive than, say, bananas, the effect of a 25 percent tariff (plus its associated costs) would be more significant: A small Hass avocado worth 50 cents might go to $1.50, Ribera said. Avocado-dependent businesses would feel it, too. A Chipotle representative told me that tariffs would certainly raise prices.

The America First perspective frames tariffs as an opportunity to boost domestic production. Roughly 10 percent of avocados available in America are grown here; the majority come from California, and Florida and Hawaii make up the remainder. Zach Conrad, a food-systems expert at the College of William & Mary, ticked off a multitude of reasons domestic production could not re-create our current avocado bounty. Avocados grow in too few areas of the U.S., and on top of that, they largely produce fruit only from spring to early fall. Trump’s immigration policies threaten the already dwindling farm-labor workforce.

Avocados aside, the U.S. does already produce enough food to feed itself, and then some. About 4,000 calories’ worth of food a day were available for each person in 2010, according to the USDA’s most recent estimate; that year, the average person consumed 2,500 calories a day. But food is more than just calories. The U.S. produces plenty of grains, oils, sweeteners, and meat, but far less fresh produce and legumes; in recent years, the country has become a net importer of food. “The food group that we produce the least of to meet our dietary needs is fruits and vegetables,” Conrad said. In 2022, 69 percent of the fresh vegetables and 51 percent of the fresh fruits imported by the U.S. came from Mexico. Meat, canola oil, and, uh, biscuits and wafers account for most of the U.S. imports from Canada, but 20 percent of this country’s fresh-vegetable imports come from there, too.

Theoretically, America could grow all of its own produce. But that would require a complete remaking of the food system. More land would have to be dedicated to growing fruits, vegetables, and nuts, and less of it to grains and sweeteners. It would also mean addressing labor shortages, increasing the number of farmers, finding suitable land, and building new infrastructure to process and ship each new crop.

Every one of these issues is incredibly complex. Many fruits and vegetables are so delicate that they must be harvested by hand, so machines can’t supplement human labor. A wheat farmer can’t just switch to growing tomatoes; specialty crops—a category that includes any fruit, vegetable, or tree nut—require specialty knowledge as well as specialty equipment, which can cost millions. Solving all of these problems—which would likely be impossible—would take many years, Conrad said.

Cutting off Canada would have subtler but no less extensive effects than abstaining from Mexican produce. Grains, beef, and pork are produced domestically, but sourcing them abroad can be less expensive, Chris Barrett, a professor who specializes in agricultural economics at Cornell University, told me. Demand for beef on the West Coast of the U.S., for instance, can be cheaper to fulfill from the Canadian prairies than from an East Coast packinghouse. Canada’s other big contribution to the American diet is canola oil, which is produced stateside in relatively small amounts. The ongoing campaign against seed oils, led by Robert F. Kennedy Jr., may claim that Americans would be better off without canola oil, but for now, America runs on processed food. Without cheap canola oil from Canada, many frozen foods and packaged goods will cost more. “That excellent ratatouille you get in a can, even if you think it’s healthy, probably contains a bit of imported oil. It’s going to get priced up, ” Barrett said.

The problems with an America First food system wouldn’t just be about cost. It would lack diversity: There would be no tropical fruits such as mangoes and coconuts, and far fewer specialty varieties, such as Sumo Citrus and Meyer lemons, because domestic growers would have to focus on the basics. Given the current emphasis on meat, grains, and sweeteners,  it would encourage a less healthy diet, too. Striving toward the “Make America healthy again” ideal pushed by RFK Jr. would be made more difficult with fewer choices and higher prices. As my colleague Nicholas Florko wrote recently, people buy food on the basis of taste, convenience, and cost. America could supply its entire population with a healthy diet, as Conrad’s research has shown, but not without totally blowing up its agricultural priorities.

The notion of an America First food supply—harvesting homegrown produce, eating seasonally, supporting farmers—does align with the idea of returning to a pastoral era, which has been embraced by RFK Jr.’s supporters, raw-milk drinkers, and farmers’-market devotees across the political spectrum. “It’s a nice way of thinking about food,” Conrad said. But it just doesn’t align with the reality of how Americans currently eat. Every time we go to the grocery store, we choose from a marvelous variety of foods from around the world. A McDonald’s hamburger with fries, that most American of meals, is made with sesame seeds from Mexico and canola oil from Canada. That eating vatfuls of guacamole every year in the middle of February is a pillar of American culture is a testament to our interdependence with our neighbors.
More Stories
The Last Days of American Orange Juice
ADHD’s Sobering Life-Expectancy Numbers"
82,2025-02-08,"Login

Vlad 
08 February 2025


Nothing Headphones

Nothing already has a comprehensive audio range with the Ear, Ear (a), CMF Buds, Ear Stick, and Ear (open). However, the company is yet to venture into the realm of noise canceling over-the-ear headphones. That may change soon.
Rumor has it Nothing could be working on a pair of headphones, and these may have just been certified by SGS Fimko, identified as the model B170. This product is just labeled as ""wireless headphone"" in said database, so it's either Nothing's first pair of headphones, or yet another pair of earbuds.
Crazy cool Nothing Head (1) fan concept 🥵https://t.co/SstcZa1I7U pic.twitter.com/Afz4eCmjnx
We would of course love for Nothing to release good noise canceling headphones, as more competition in that market is always welcome. Back in 2022, Nothing CEO Carl Pei tweeted a bunch of fan concepts for Nothing headphones (see above), maybe if these are real they'll resemble one of those.
And of course, if they are real, expect them to be called Nothing Head (1), as Carl Pei revealed. We'll let you know when we have more info.
Via
""..competition in that market is always welcome."" 🤣
Nothing working on everything under the sun other than phone 3.
Yep. I use wired headphones, but if i must buy bluetooth, i'd go for the Sony CH520



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS feed
Youtube
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram


© 2000-2025 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use
Change Ad Consent
Do not sell my data
"
83,2025-02-08,"The recent programme for government had more than a touch of the one-for-everyone-in-the-audience about it, pledging everything from reducing pupil-teacher ratios in schools to working to get the Dublin Airport passenger cap lifted. 
But the ad hoc group of officials from Euronext Dublin, stockbroking, accountancy, PR and law firms that huddled together in recent years to beg the government to support the rapidly shrinking Dublin stock market considered it a feat when their cause got two mentions in the almost 160-page tome. 
It promises to work closely with the exchange “to ensure future growth, focusing particularly on small-to-medium-sized fast-growing companies” and explore ways to “enhance” the market “as a vital source of equity and growth for indigenous businesses”. 
There was a nod to the 232-year-old Dublin equities market in the October budget. It offered companies going through initial public offerings (IPOs) up to €1 million of tax relief on expenses and said the Department of Finance will scrap stamp duty – subject to state aid considerations – in 2025 on the trading of shares in Irish SMEs.
Still, the stock market ecosystem – the so-called Irish Equity Market Forum (IEMF) – has its work cut out convincing Merrion Street of the merits of its other proposals. They include calls for State banking for a €400 million cornerstone fund to invest in Irish IPOs and a tax-efficient savings scheme for individuals to invest as much as €40,000 in listed companies. The latter would have EU-wide scope to meet state-aid rules. 
To advance the cause, the IEMF plans to establish itself as a formal lobbying body in the coming months. 
The wider economic importance of the exchange is often overlooked. As of 2022, companies listed on the Irish market contributed €12.4 billion to the domestic economy, directly employed 47,000 and indirectly supported a further 40,000 across the Republic, according to a Grant Thornton report commissioned by IEMF two years ago
The industry group faces a challenge driving this home to a Government that is hooked on jobs and windfall taxes from foreign multinationals. However, it might get more of a hearing in the world of Trump 2.0, where tariff and tax policy risks hang over Ireland’s foreign direct investment model. 
“We need funding solutions that keep growing Irish companies in Ireland,” according to Joe Gill, a director of corporate advisory with Goodbody Stockbrokers. “A vibrant domestic stock market has to be a key part of that.”
Euronext Dublin knows it must help itself, too. This is why it is setting up a “springboard” market for small companies to float and finance growth but which do not meet the criteria for admission to the main, or even junior, Euronext Growth markets. It will replicate the Euronext Access markets the wider Euronext Group already runs in Paris, Brussels and Lisbon. 
The crisis in the Dublin market is concerning. Three IPOs on Dublin in the past six years have been more than offset by a flurry of exits – including Applegreen, CPL Resources and Hibernia Reit being taken over and CRH, Flutter Entertainment and Smurfit WestRock ditching their Irish listings and as they moved their main quotations to New York.
The exodus means the Iseq 20 is now a shadow of its former self. It is now forced to count Malin Corporation, which is essentially in winddown, and engineering tools company Mincon, worth a little more than €100 million, among its members. 
However, the reboot has to start somewhere. Euronext Dublin chief executive Daryl Byrne told The Irish Times this week he expects the access market to launch in the first half of this year, initially with at least two companies, most likely from the tech sector. He said there has been a “good level of inquiries” from interested firms.
“By offering a more simplified and flexible listing process, Euronext Access is an important first step in encouraging more indigenous companies to list on the public markets,” said John Mullane, chief investment officer at Cantor Fitzgerald Ireland. “Measures to encourage more investment in these scaling companies however will be crucial to ensure its ultimate success.”
The hope is that some companies joining an access market could ultimately move up to Euronext Growth or, in time, the main market – even if the rate of this is low elsewhere. Only 13 companies have uplisted – 12 in Paris and one in Lisbon – since this type of market was launched in 2017. There are currently 173 companies across the three existing access markets. 
The success or otherwise of the imminent market in Dublin hangs on the quality of the companies that brokers, accountancy and legal firms bring to it. 
The last two Irish IPOs – medtech firm HealthBeacon and renewable power storage developer Corre Energy in 2021 – have not covered the ecosystem in glory. 
HealthBeacon succumbed to examinership in 2023. How much longer will Corre Energy remain listed? Its market value has slumped 94 per cent in the past 12 months, to €7 million, as it continues its search for much-needed investment. 
Promoters of the access market must discourage speculative, early-stage companies in favour of solid but ambitious businesses with proven revenue track records. 
If they take a short-term view and bring a slew of speculative tech start-ups, resulting in a high failure rate, they will end perma-chatter of an existential crisis at the Irish equities market. By killing it entirely. 
Get the latest business news and commentary from our expert business team in your inbox every weekday morning
© 2025 The Irish Times DAC"
84,2025-02-08,
85,2025-02-08,
86,2025-02-08,
87,2025-02-08,
88,2025-02-08,
89,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
Release Date: February 07, 2025
For the complete transcript of the earnings call, please refer to the full earnings call transcript.
Odfjell SE (FRA:O7F) concluded 2024 as the best financial year in its 110-year history, showcasing strong financial performance.
The company maintained high operational efficiency with no serious incidents reported during the year.
A dividend of $0.78 per share was approved, reflecting strong net adjusted results for the second half of 2024.
Odfjell SE (FRA:O7F) successfully renewed 45% of its contract portfolio with rate increases, despite a softer market.
The company continues to expand and renew its fleet, with 18 vessels on order, including new long-term charters and fully owned vessels.
Time charter earnings in oil field tankers decreased by approximately 10% from the third quarter, reflecting reduced port cargos and lower volumes.
The net result contribution from terminals was slightly below the third quarter, mainly due to currency effects and a write-down.
There was a decrease in the share of net results from terminals, impacted by currency effects and some write-downs.
Odfjell SE (FRA:O7F) experienced a reduction in volumes, particularly in spot volumes, leading to a 10% decrease in cargo lifted during the fourth quarter.
The company anticipates a slight decline in earnings for the first quarter of 2025 due to reduced volumes observed at the end of the fourth quarter.
Q: Can you comment on the COA increases and the swing tonnage levels? A: We had an average rate increase in the 4th quarter of approximately 12%. Regarding swing tonnage, there's a turning point around $15,000 per day where product tankers might swing into chemicals. We saw a dip below this level, but it was too short to have a significant effect.
Q: Do you expect the contract coverage to increase from the current 53%? A: We anticipate maintaining a contract coverage between 55% and 60% on average during the year.
Q: Regarding the $15,000 MR rates as an entry point for product tankers into chemicals, is this a relative number? A: Yes, it is relative. When rates drop below $15,000, we observe tonnage moving into chemicals, but it must be sustained over time. Many product tankers are already operating in chemicals, and switching requires cleaning and positioning, which incurs costs.
Q: What is the current situation with the Red Sea, and what would be the implications of returning to it? A: The Houthis have stated they will not attack vessels as long as the truce is in place. Currently, the only solution is to avoid the area. Sailing around Africa is less efficient, but the impact varies depending on trade routes. For example, a route from Turkey to India now takes over 40 days instead of 11.
Q: How would a potential trade war between the US and Canada affect the chemical market? A: We are not directly involved in trades between Canada and the US, so there would be no direct impact on us. However, US dependency on Canadian crude oil could affect the crude segment, potentially stimulating the product segment.
Q: How should we think about volumes in 2025 compared to 2024? A: The production is there, but the issue is who is lifting those volumes. In the 4th quarter, too many swing tonnage vessels were lifting chemicals. It's crucial for these vessels to return to products so that chemicals are lifted by chemical tankers.
Q: Why have easy chemical rates declined more than specialized chemical rates? A: There are not enough specialized chemicals to fill all our vessels, so we transport a combination of easy and specialized chemicals. The sophistication of our ships allows us to carry a wide range of chemicals.
Q: What are your expectations for COA renewals going forward? A: It's too early to conclude on negotiations that haven't started yet. However, despite declining momentum in the fourth quarter, we renewed 45% of our total volumes with over 10% increases, which is a significant achievement.
For the complete transcript of the earnings call, please refer to the full earnings call transcript.
This article first appeared on GuruFocus.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
90,2025-02-08,"Product Name: Jacquemus x Nike Jacumoon Sneaker (original pair from 1972 pictured above as placeholder)Colorways: Off Noir/Cashmere/Gum Light Brown/Neptune Green/Storm Blue/Hydrogen Blue, Alabaster/Off Noir/Soft Pearl/Hydrogen Blue/Gum Medium Brown/Storm Blue…"
91,2025-02-08,"Business Insider Edition 
The Financial Independence, Retire Early (or FIRE) movement was Brandon Frenchak's introduction to investing.

        He was a few years out of college, looking for ways to make his paycheck go further, when he found Mr. Money Mustache, a personal finance blogger who introduced him to frugality, saving money, and investing in low-cost index funds. It taught the now 37-year-old data engineer that by taking the right steps early, he can sit back and allow his investments to compound over decades.
    

        ""I was like, 'Oh man, this is going to take forever,'"" Frenchak said. ""I'm married, got a kid, and then I had another one, and now I've got five kids. So, I was like, 'OK, I got to figure out a way to accelerate this'. And so I started learning about value investing.""
    

        While the early lessons in personal finance didn't sustain his interest, he picked up one key strategy: using tax-advantaged accounts that could further compound his gains and even allow him to keep it all.
    

        Unlike traders who use a brokerage account, Frenchak trades inside a health savings account (HSA). It's designed to fund medical expenses and has three tax perks: he can make pre-tax contributions, its gains are not subject to capital gains or dividend taxes, and he can later withdraw those gains tax-free for qualified expenses or without penalty after the retirement age of 65
    

        ""My wife just had a baby, and I have to pay the hospital, but I'll wait until the future to actually pull it out and pay myself back,"" Frenchak said. In the meantime, he's paying the medical bills out of pocket, giving himself more time to trade and compound the gains inside the account. Since an HSA account has no time limit, he can withdraw the funds years after he paid the bill and still qualify for tax-free treatment.
    

        Like a traditional brokerage account, an HSA allows investment in multiple types of securities, including stocks, bonds, ETFs, and options. However, if the funds are withdrawn and not used for medical expenses or before the retirement age, a 20% penalty on top of ordinary income tax will be applied. These accounts may also have daily transaction limits or fees depending on the provider.
    

        Using his HSA account, Frenchak chose to trade bitcoin-related securities mainly because he understands the asset's four-year cycle, which follows a strong three-year rally followed by a fourth year where it plunges. He has observed the cycle's impact on securities tied to bitcoin. Like a sympathy play, when a stock in the sector begins moving, similar securities also move. In this instance, bitcoin tends to impact bitcoin-mining stocks and ETFs or trusts.
    

        In 2024, he mainly stuck with trusts that held at least 70% of their value in bitcoin. He did not trade mining stocks after he noticed that their shares were continually being issued and, as a result, diluted.
    

        Valuing bitcoin trusts differs from valuing a stock because the most important variables are bitcoin's price, the trust's share price, and its net asset value, or assets less liabilities.
    

        He uses a manual spreadsheet to track the metrics that help him decide whether a trust is undervalued relative to its holdings. The process is simple: it considers the share price relative to the value of the holdings in the trust to determine the premium. Those with the highest premiums are the positions he takes.
    

        ""Basically, you're kind of arbitraging what the difference is whenever the market is being irrational on it, and it's a pretty simple metric,"" Frenchak said. It also helps you avoid it when it's irrationally overpriced, like the 2021 bull market when Grayscale Digital Large Cap Fund (GDLC) traded at 50% over its net asset value.
    

        He traded bitcoin trusts during the 2021 US Investing Championship, an annual contest for retail traders run by former math professor Norman Zadeh. But he was in losing territory because he had not paid close attention to the NAV and took up a position in the Grayscale Digital Large Cap Fund (GDLC) when its share price was on par with and sometimes above its holdings, assuming the bull market would continue to push its price higher. But he ended up riding the position down and taking a loss, losing almost the full value.
    

        In 2024, he re-entered the competition, finishing with a 482.6% gain, according to the competition's founder and documents viewed by Business Insider for the enhanced growth division, which allows trading of futures and options.
    

        An example of one of his successful trades was a swap he made between two BTC trusts. In mid-January, Frenchak saw that the Bitwise 10 Crypto Index Fund's (BITW) market price had dropped substantially to nearly $15 a share while its NAV was around $35. Meanwhile, GDLC was also trading near $15, but its NAV was $24. He sold his full position in GDLC and moved to BITW, entering at around $15 a share and selling at $21.50 over the span of a few days.
    

        ""I went 100% in because it was the most undervalued at that moment,"" Frenchak said.
    

        Another big part of his winnings came from Microstrategy (MSTR), though not because its net asset value was higher than its share price. MSTR's price had a history of surpassing its NAV by more than five times in the previous crypto bull market from 2020 to 2021. Based on that historical precedent, he figured that MSTR's stock price could again trade at a significant premium to its NAV. He was right: last year, MSTR traded at up to a 200% premium to its NAV. The company (now called Strategy) saw its stock soar 359% in 2024 as it aggressively added to its reserves of bitcoin, which itself more than doubled in price.
    

        Frenchak also traded options and, eventually, leveraged ETFs designed to multiply gains or losses in stocks. He began by buying at-the-money calls on MSTR and was successful early in the year, but lost money when he exited too soon in the second attempt. He then moved on to two leveraged products: the Defiance Daily Target 2x Long MSTR ETF (MSTX) and T-Rex 2X Long MSTR Daily Target ETF (MSTU). Both multiplied what he would have gained by only owning MSTR stock — but they would have amplified his losses if the stock went south.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
92,2025-02-08,"EU and US flags on two automobiles roof (Car top). black background. Europe USA trade war, American ... [+] tariffs concept. 3D rendering image.
The European Union is reportedly ready to slash tariffs on U.S. auto imports to the same level charged on its exports in a move that would generate huge sighs of relief from investors.
This would be especially timely because manufacturers like Porsche are reviving investment in internal combustion engine vehicles as electric vehicle sales falter. The only large market remaining in the world for ICE vehicles is the U.S. To be cut off from that market would be financially disastrous for the Europeans.
A former U.S. ambassador to the EU though expects the Trump Administration to seek huge overall changes to long-term unfair trading including non-tariff barriers.
Currently, the U.S. has a 2.5% tariff on Europe’s sedan and SUV imports, while the EU charges U.S. imports at 10%.
The Financial Times said the EU wants to cut tariffs on U.S. auto imports as part of a deal to avoid a trade dispute with the U.S.
President Trump has already caused consternation with his aggressive policy toward his free-trade partners Mexico and Canada. After threatening to raise tariffs to 25%, the increases were suspended for 30 days.
Trump has said he would impose tariffs on goods coming from the EU and described its trade policy as ""an atrocity.” Trump also claimed the annual U.S. trade deficit with the EU was more than $300 billion.
Oxford Economics Group expects the U.S. to impose 25% tariffs on auto imports from the EU.
“This would raise the cost of European cars in the U.S. market, making them significantly less price competitive against American and non-EU alternatives. The result? A sharp contraction in EU automotive exports to the U.S.,” said in a statement last month.
“The U.S.-EU automotive trade is an important pillar of the European automotive industry’s success. In 2023 European car manufacturers exported €56 billion ($58 billion) worth of vehicles and components to the United States, accounting for 20% of the EU’s total automotive export value. the primary market for EU-made vehicles,” Oxford Economics said.
Trump hasn’t yet spelled out how he would approach the EU, but former U.S. ambassador to the European Union Gordon Sondland expects Trump to aggressively seek to put right what the U.S. considers long-term unfairness by the EU which extends past tariffs, to what the U.S. considers to be corrupt non-tariff barriers too.
“When EU citizens come to the U.S. on vacation or to live here temporarily, they don’t bring their own cars or their own food. They are prefectly safe eating our food and driving our cars and it’s high time the EU treated our products that way,” Sondland said in an interview last week with the BBC’s NewsNight program.
Gordon Sondland, then the U.S ambassador to the European Union, testifies before the House ... [+] Intelligence Committee. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
Sondland didn’t claim to speak for the Trump administration.
The Financial Times, in a report from Brussels, quoted Bernd Lange, head of the European parliament’s trade committee, saying the EU could lower its 10% import tax closer to the U.S.’s 2.5%.
“We can try to have a deal before escalating costs and tariffs,” the FT quoted Lange as saying. The EU would also offer to buy more natural gas and military equipment from the U.S., according to Lange.
BMW CEO Oliver Zipse has also called for lower tariffs on U.S. made autos.
Sondland said the EU imposes hidden barriers on American products. For cars, that can mean different safety standards. For food, there also are standards the EU doesn’t like. Hormone-fed beef is one area of contention.
“If we sell you a vegetable or a car or a product if it’s safe to use in the U.S. it should deemed to be safe to use in the EU,” Sondland said.
He was asked to sum up Trump’s tariff plan for Europe and the world.
The U.S. is tired of talking about impediments to its foreign trade and wants action now, he said.
“The message is very clear. We’ve had a list of demands and requests from all of these friends for years and sometimes decades and the results are similar every time. They take it under advisement. They’ll think about it then get back to us and Donald Trump has had enough of that.”
“This is a little bit of Michael Corleone (of Godfather movie fame) settling all of the family’s business at once. The tariffs are designed to get attention and if necessary they will remain in place until they get some economic bite. But this really gets people off their derrieres and gets them to the table to start to solve problems instead of talking and meeting endlessly.”
“When it comes to the EU that’s not going to be so easy to solve (compared with Mexico and Canada). The grievances between the U.S. and the EU, again the EU is our ally, it’s our friend, but the grievances have been on the table for ever. The non-tariff barriers, the protectionism, the trade deficit, the impregnability of the EU market compared to the U.S. market, the list goes on and on and on. And there’s going to have to be some tangible deliverables or these tariffs will definitely go into place.”
He was asked to define deliverables.
“In my view, they will have to let more American products into the EU market without either regulating or tariffying them to death.""
Won’t lowering food standards be a problem for the EU?
“If that’s a problem they’ll have to live with the tariffs,” Sondland said.
Sondland was ambassador to the EU during Trump’s first term.


One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
93,2025-02-08,"The winners of Close-Up Photographer of the Year have been announced with an image of two stag beetles battling for dominance on an oak tree taking home the £2,500 ($3,100) cash prize and title of Close-Up Photographer of the Year 2024.
Completing its sixth running, Close-Up Photographer of the Year, in association with Affinity Photo, also awarded first, second, and third places in 11 different categories. Attracting over 11,000 entries from 61 countries, a jury of 25 photographers, scientists, journalists, and editors spent over 20 hours on Zoom calls to find the winners and Top 100 pictures.
Svetlana Ivanenko has been awarded the title Close-up Photographer of the Year for her dramatic picture of two battling male stag beetles in the Voronezh region of Russia.
“For a brief period in summer, stag beetles (Lucanus cervus) engage in fierce battles for mating rights,” Ivanenko says. “These elusive creatures inhabit oak forests, making them difficult to find. I traveled 700 kilometers [435 miles] to witness this beautiful event and I want to share it with everyone.”
Below are the winners of a handful of the categories.
Head to the competition website for more details and to find out how to enter next year’s competition.
Become a PetaPixel Member and access our content ad-free.
© 2025 PetaPixel Inc. All rights reserved."
94,2025-02-08,"The New Balance 509 sneaker, the brand's running-inspired model from the early 2000s, quietly returned to the market last year. For 2025, the dad shoe is coming in quite literally red-hot (and fuzzy).
Let's just cut to the chase: New Balance is dropping all-new 509 sneakers featuring hairy suede uppers plus its traditional breezy mesh.
The latest New Balances seems to be another collaboration with designer Dohee Kim, also the founder of XLIM, a Seoul-based brand specializing in stylish techwear in satisfying quiet colorways. The techy New Balance 509 is the perfect canvas for Kim, basically. 
In 2024, Kim helped reintroduce the model, delivering a super clean spin on the sneakers using ice dyeing techniques. The results were a delicious ""Plum Brown"" colorway with glossy overlays.
Now, it looks like Kim is on to the textural New Balance treat. The designer recently revealed the new suede version of the New Balance 509 sneaker, dressed in a bold ""Crimson"" red colorway and aged detailing.
The sneaker is also expected to come in a black color scheme, carrying the same distressed suede uppers and other vintage-style treatments. It's unknown if New Balance's 509 will see a global release, but my fingers are already crossed for the NB diehards.
Beyond its timeless dadcore shoes, New Balance aims to cover all grounds, from the skate parks (Dunk-ish shoes included) to the trails. The brand is also on the runways, debuting fresh collaborations with Junya Watanabe MAN and AURALEE for the fall season.
However, the sneaker label knows home is where the dad shoes are, keeping fans fed with classics like the chunky and now hairy 509.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you."
95,2025-02-08,"Brain Dead and adidas are busy making great sneakers. Within the same week of adding Dover Street Market to the bowling shoe group chat, the brand's next textured adidas shoe quietly surfaced.
Brain Dead's forthcoming adidas collaboration sees the label revive the Forest Hills model, a 1970s tennis shoe named after the U.S. Open location in Queens. The Forest Hills sneaker isn't the average tennis shoe, either. The model was once adidas' lightest tennis shoe ever and featured a premium NASA-backed footbed for advanced comfort — more like out-this-world coziness.
On the outside, the Forest Hills sneaker looks like a classic adidas court shoe, complete with a flat sole, semi-slender look, and low profile. Three Stripes, too, of course.
It now has a new textural design, thanks to Brain Dead. No, really...thank you, Brain Dead.
The label designs another adidas stunner, this time with full-on hairy uppers with colored tips. Brain Dead's Stan Smiths might've gone a little wild with a hint of shaggy fur. But the brand unleashed the beast entirely with its Forest Hills shoes (a good thing, by the way).
Brain Dead's adidas shoe rounds out with some nice leather moments, seen on the heel tab, stripes, and lining. These details are paired with a pleasing pebbled tongue, like those seen on the Gazelle Indoor sneakers. But this is a Forest Hills shoe cooked up by Brain Dead.
It's been a while since we last saw the adidas Forest Hills (its last reissue was around 2018). But thankfully, the tennis shoe is coming back, Brain Dead style. 
Brain Dead's adidas Forest Hills sneaker collab is expected to drop in four colorways, one of which will feature normal suede uppers. The brand hasn't yet mentioned a release date for the new shoes, but hopefully we'll get more details soon. 
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you."
96,2025-02-08,"Watch CBS News
Copyright ©2025 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved."
97,2025-02-08,"We are experiencing some temporary issues. The market data on this page is currently delayed. Please bear with us as we address this and restore your personalized lists.
We recently compiled a list of the 11 AI News and Ratings You Shouldn't Miss. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Synaptics Incorporated (NASDAQ:SYNA) stands against the other AI stocks.
DeepSeek has quickly gained attention in AI with its R1 model, which delivers high performance at a lower cost. The company has introduced innovations to improve efficiency and accessibility in AI development. DeepSeek's fast growth, despite having a small team, shows the increasing trend of AI-driven businesses scaling with minimal human resources. Its success also shows the broader shift toward open-source AI models, especially in China, where competition is driving faster innovation and more cost-effective solutions.
In a report posted by UBS on January 31, the UBS CIO analyzed the impact of DeepSeek’s R1 model on financial markets and AI investment strategies. The firm expects continued capital spending by hyperscalers, benefiting semiconductor companies, and recommended diversified exposure across AI’s value chain. The declining cost of training large language models is driven by algorithmic advancements and hardware improvements, with R1 increasing AI adoption. Hardware scaling also remains important alongside algorithmic progress to support AI infrastructure investments.
In addition, China continues to play a significant role in AI innovation, with companies like Alibaba developing competitive models. UBS maintained a positive view of Chinese internet firms due to their ability to offer customizable, cost-effective AI solutions. The firm also highlighted the rise of AI-driven startups, emphasizing investment in firms with proprietary data or strong customer retention.
Furthermore, the rapid development of AI software suggests prioritizing physical infrastructure investments over traditional software. AI’s ability to self-improve introduces unpredictability, leading UBS to recommend structured products for volatility exposure while avoiding non-physical assets lacking a competitive advantage.
UBS believes that despite fluctuations, AI investment remains solid, with major tech firms expected to increase capital spending in 2025. AI adoption is also rising, supporting cloud growth and monetization. While volatility may be there due to economic and regulatory factors, AI’s long-term outlook remains positive, with both high-cost and low-cost models expected to coexist.
For this article, we selected AI stocks by reviewing news articles, stock analysis, and press releases. We listed the stocks in ascending order of their hedge fund sentiment taken from Insider Monkey’s database of 900 hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 275% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 150 percentage points (see more details here).
A technician inspecting a newly-manufactured semiconductor product.
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 23
Synaptics Incorporated (NASDAQ:SYNA) develops and sells semiconductor solutions for wireless connectivity, AI, touch and display technology, and biometric authentication across various industries.
On February 6, Synaptics reported Q2 non-GAAP EPS of $0.92, exceeding estimates by $0.06. Revenue reached $267.2 million, reflecting a 12.7% increase year-over-year and surpassing expectations by $1.61 million. The management discussed the company’s new agreement with Broadcom, improving its Edge AI strategy and strengthening its position in IoT connectivity. The deal expands Synaptics' portfolio to include WiFi 8 and WiFi 7 combo devices, ultrawideband intellectual property, next-generation GPS/GNSS products, and combo front-end modules. The move secures the company's wireless roadmap for over five years and broadens its market reach into AR/VR, Android smartphones, and consumer audio.
The company also highlighted a collaboration with Google to integrate Google’s MLIR-compliant machine learning core with Synaptics’ Astra processor line, focusing on high-efficiency AI solutions. Google’s partnership strengthens Synaptics' position in Edge AI and is expected to drive innovation in AI model development.
Overall SYNA ranks 8th on our list of AI stocks in news that investors shouldn't miss. While we acknowledge the potential of SYNA as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter timeframe. If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than SYNA but that trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about the cheapest AI stock.
 
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and Complete List of 59 AI Companies Under $2 Billion in Market Cap.
 
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
Wondering how to pick strong, market-beating stocks for your investment portfolio? Look no further than the Zacks Style Scores.
Here’s what could be next for AMD stock.
Electric-truck maker Nikola is nearing filing for a bankruptcy, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter.  Phoenix, Arizona-based Nikola was working with law firm Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman to explore options including a sale or restructuring of the company in bankruptcy, according to the report.  Nikola said on Thursday it was evaluating a variety of options, including a financing as part of a financial restructuring.
Artificial intelligence (AI) is transforming various industries as a major investing theme in 2025.  The technology's ability to automate complex workflows and enhance productivity is seen as a game-changer for the next generation of innovation.  Perhaps the most promising AI application is its potential to revolutionize medicine by accelerating the drug discovery process to deliver more effective therapies.
Honeywell is splitting up its iconic company. Here is why.
Amazon has a chance to do something it’s never done before.
Thapanee Techajareonvikul, No. 47 on the Fortune Most Powerful Women Asia list, is the first female CEO of the 142-year-old Thai company.
Palantir stock hit a new high on Feb. 6. Palantir could be Wall Street's new darling, usurping Nvidia. But bears point to lofty valuation of PLTR stock.
Doximity, which ranks sixth on the IBD 50, broke out Friday and rocketed above a profit-taking zone after crushing expectations.
Although the addressable market for AI is enormous, not everyone is sold on the success of a pair of market-leading businesses.
Sign in to access your portfolio"
98,2025-02-08,
99,2025-02-08,"
No, Microsoft won't tell you how to uninstall its Edge web browser, which is heavily integrated into Windows 11.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Microsoft’s Bing search engine (via PCWorld) presents a clickbait result when you ask how to uninstall Microsoft Edge. While it shows a video with instructions and features the question, “Why can’t I uninstall Microsoft Edge?” the top article is titled “How to Uninstall Microsoft Edge,” with the URL indicating it’s an official Microsoft page. However, clicking the link directs you to the Microsoft Edge homepage, which highlights everything positive about the browser and doesn’t answer your initial query.
Google Chrome is still the leading browser, with StatCounter reporting a 67.08% market share. Safari is at 17.95%, but it’s only available on Apple devices. Microsoft Edge is in third place, with a distant 5.2% market share despite being bundled with Microsoft Windows.
This is unfortunate, especially as Microsoft Edge is a good alternative to Chrome. Both are Chromium-based browsers, so there’s little difference in performance, and it has a few features that could give Chrome a run for its money. For example, it has a RAM limiter, which stops it from hogging your PC’s memory, while it also has a popup feature that highlights extensions that make it run slower.
Since we live in a free society, you can still download and install Chrome on your PC using Microsoft Edge. But if you do this, you’re bound to encounter several popups encouraging you to stick with the built-in browser on your Windows PC. Microsoft may even ask you why you’re ditching Edge for Chrome. Microsoft also created a page that looks like Google when you search for it on Bing, which could fool non-tech-savvy users who want to use Alphabet’s search engine, although it has since taken this down.
Moves like this suggest that Microsoft is desperate to capture market share from Alphabet, especially as its products—namely Google Search, Google Workspace, and Google Chrome—dominate their specific industries. Microsoft is also trying hard to make users switch to Windows 11, especially with the coming demise of Windows 10 in October 2025. Many are still resistant, though, especially with its TPM 2.0 requirement that disqualifies many PC hardware that is otherwise capable of running the operating system.
Get Tom's Hardware's best news and in-depth reviews, straight to your inbox.
Jowi Morales is a tech enthusiast with years of experience working in the industry. He’s been writing with several tech publications since 2021, where he’s been interested in tech hardware and consumer electronics.
Microsoft Edge popup highlights performance-leeching extensions — UI allows for easy toggling of offending tools
Microsoft's new RAM limiter for Edge browser makes its way into latest beta version
Seagate's fraudulent hard drives scandal deepens as clues point at Chinese Chia mining farms

Tomshardware is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
