,date,content
0,2025-03-12,"What do a mobile shooting game, a nuclear power plant, and a local Chinese government office have in common? In the past two months, they have all tried incorporating DeepSeek’s R1 artificial intelligence model into their businesses in an attempt to ride the wave of the homegrown tech company’s viral rise.
Ever since the Chinese AI startup became a global sensation, DeepSeek has dominated headlines in China—but the news has almost nothing to do with DeepSeek itself. Instead, companies across nearly every industry are racing to announce that they have found a way to include DeepSeek’s open source models in their corporate strategy. Some have found genuine uses for the domestic, affordable AI model with cutting-edge capabilities, while others are merely doing it for the publicity boost or to virtue-signal their national pride.
In recent weeks, over 20 Chinese automakers (and at least one bus maker) have said they are putting DeepSeek’s chatbot into their vehicles, according to local news reports. Some 30 medical and pharmaceutical companies said they are using DeepSeek in clinical diagnoses and research, among other applications. Dozens of banks, insurance companies, and brokerage firms across the country also disclosed they are using DeepSeek to train customer service reps, design investment strategies, and handle similar kinds of tasks.
The whole frenzy resembles what happened in late 2022 when ChatGPT launched and a wave of American and European companies scrambled to find ways to signal to customers and investors they were engaging with what was then the most cutting-edge innovation in AI. Even though major Chinese AI companies like Baidu and Alibaba have released plenty of impressive AI models in the two years since then, they never managed to attract the same amount of attention as DeepSeek, which astonished the world by releasing an AI model that the startup claimed was built using far less computing resources than comparable models released by major companies.
On a Chinese online stock exchange platform where retail investors can ask questions to publicly traded companies, there have been nearly 5,000 questions logged about DeepSeek as of March 11, the majority of which are asking specific firms whether they have considered or are currently using DeepSeek in their products. In response, hundreds of companies have confirmed they are incorporating the technology, a move that usually leads to a temporary increase in their stock price. But once investors realize that some companies are merely saying they are experimenting with DeepSeek’s app internally, their value plunges again.
Some of the DeepSeek announcements make perfect sense, like cloud computing companies saying they will provide DeepSeek-R1 to their customers and Chinese domestic AI chip makers optimizing their products to run DeepSeek’s models. But there are also plenty of firms that appear to be mostly clout-chasing, and it’s not totally clear how they will actually benefit from DeepSeek’s AI. For example, Cherry, a German computer accessory maker, released an “AI mouse” in China that you can raise to your mouth, push a button, and instantly have a voice conversation with DeepSeek’s chatbot.
A mobile shooting game developed by Tencent is using DeepSeek to power an in-game assistant that can, among other things, give players fortune-telling readers about whether they are going to have a great gaming session that day or not. CGN Power, a state-owned nuclear power company, vaguely stated that it has incorporated DeepSeek into its AI system for employees “to understand complex questions and to deal with them efficiently.”
Local governments in China are embracing DeepSeek, too. For example, Shenzhen officials have put DeepSeek-powered applications on the cloud “for all government agencies across the city.” Changsha, the capital of Hunan province, is using DeepSeek to analyze real-time urban management data as part of a smart city program. Thousands of government officials and employees across the country are also attending lectures given by professors or experts at state-owned companies that explain what DeepSeek is and how its technology can be used.
One reason DeepSeek has been so successful is that its open source model arrived at a time when Chinese companies were already looking for ways to transform their products with AI. Its tools are also affordable and easy to use. “Chinese companies experimenting with deployment of AI models for business operations were primed for the release of such a capable open source/weight model, which dramatically lowers costs for deployment,” Paul Triolo, the China practice and technology policy lead at consultancy DGA-Albright Stonebridge Group, wrote in a blog post.
For example, as competition between electric vehicle manufacturers in China has intensified over the past few years, automakers were forced to continually develop new smart features capable of dazzling customers, a task that is well suited for DeepSeek’s models. DeepSeek offers “a better and faster interactive experience” while “requiring lower compute costs, which means lower hardware cost,” says Lei Xing, an auto analyst focused on the Chinese market and the former editor of China Auto Review. The technology allows EV companies to do things like quickly build advanced smart assistants without paying for the up-front investment in research and development usually required.
But also, “it’s just cool from a marketing perspective to have integration of one of the most disruptive AI tools and leading LLMs currently available in the world,” Xing says.
Many Chinese companies are “just riding the attention wave,” says Liqian Ren, a quantitative investment specialist at WisdomTree, an investment firm. The Chinese equity market is still heavily driven by public sentiment rather than actual business performance, she says, and investors often shift wildly from being very positive to very negative. Adopting DeepSeek’s models is an easy way for companies to generate media buzz and drum up investor interest.
But there’s also another factor that has helped make DeepSeek particularly trendy in China: the fact that the West freaked out about it. “Its strong reception overseas has further boosted its popularity in China, serving as the firm’s best marketing campaign,” says Angela Huyue Zhang, a law professor who studies Chinese technology policy at the University of Southern California.
The narrative that DeepSeek is challenging US dominance in AI has contributed to a growing sense of national pride within China. A central part of the company’s heroic origin story is its development of resource-efficient models, which was seen as a direct response to US policies designed to cut off China’s access to cutting-edge semiconductors. As a result, DeepSeek’s success has fueled a growing belief in China that those measures may eventually fail.
“Where there is blockade, there is breakthrough; where there is suppression, there is innovation,” Wang Yi, China’s minister of foreign affairs, said in a speech on March 7 in which he also compared DeepSeek to China’s previous technological breakthroughs in areas like nuclear weapons development and space exploration.
Ren says the international reaction to DeepSeek, which was stronger initially than the domestic reaction in China, helped the company become a symbol of the promise of China’s AI industry in the age of geopolitical tensions with the United States. “People realized China can catch up in light of the chip sanctions, so that is a confidence booster for many Chinese people. And this is why I think the models by Alibaba, ByteDance, or Baidu did not have as much impact as DeepSeek,” Ren says.
In your inbox: Upgrade your life with WIRED-tested gear
Musk takeover: DOGE’s race to the bottom
Big Story: The bust that took down Durov and upended Telegram
WIRED’s favorite ‘buy it for life’ gear
Event: Join us for WIRED Health on March 18 in London
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
1,2025-03-12,"Business Insider Edition 
India's richest man is joining hands with Elon Musk to bring Starlink into the subcontinent.

Mukesh Ambani, the billionaire owner of Indian mega-conglomerate Reliance Industries, announced a partnership with Musk's SpaceX to bring Starlink's internet services to India through its technology subsidiary, Jio Platforms.
    

        In a press release on Wednesday, Jio Platforms said that it would offer Starlink services to customers in India through its retail and online storefronts.
    

        The partnership would increase access connectivity across the subcontinent, even in ""most rural and remote regions of India,"" the release wrote.
    

        ""Our collaboration with SpaceX to bring Starlink to India strengthens our commitment and marks a transformative step toward seamless broadband connectivity for all,"" Mathew Oommen, the CEO of Reliance Jio, said in the release.
    

        Jio Platforms said this agreement will be ""subject to SpaceX receiving its own authorizations to sell Starlink in India.""
    

        Jio Platforms did not specify when the partnership will be rolled out.
    

        If the partnership goes through, it will give Starlink access to the world's largest consumer market. India is the world's most populous country, with more than 1.4 billion people.
    

        Reliance Jio had 481.8 million subscribers in the country as of 2024, Reliance Industries said in its 2023-2024 annual report.Ambani had a net worth of $87.5 billion at press time on Wednesday, per the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. 
    

        Representatives for SpaceX and Reliance Industries did not respond to requests for comment from Business Insider.
    

        The deal with Ambani, if confirmed, would be a welcome boost for Musk. The Tesla and SpaceX CEO said in an interview with Fox Business host Larry Kudlow, which aired Monday, that running the Department of Government Efficiency along with his companies hasn't been easy.
    

        ""With great difficulty,"" Musk said when asked how he managed his businesses.
    

        Tesla saw a postelection boost after President Donald Trump's victory in November, but the stock has slid by more than 50% from recent highs. Musk's EV company has also seen declining sales in Europe and China.
    

        In January, Tesla said it delivered 1.79 million vehicles last year, a 1% drop from the 1.81 million vehicles it delivered in 2023. This was the first time the company's annual sales declined in more than a decade.
    

        Musk's clashes with European politicians over the Ukraine war have resulted in increased scrutiny over the market dominance of his satellite internet service, Starlink. Musk initially supported Ukraine but has since called for the US to stop sending it military aid.
    

        On Sunday, Poland's foreign minister, Radosaw Sikorski, wrote in an X post that Poland ""will be forced to look for other suppliers"" of satellite internet services if SpaceX ""proves to be an unreliable provider.""
    

        ""To be extremely clear, no matter how much I disagree with the Ukraine policy, Starlink will never turn off its terminals,"" Musk wrote on X on Sunday.
    

        ""We would never do such a thing or use it as a bargaining chip,"" he added.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
2,2025-03-12,"During his election campaign last year, Donald Trump promised Americans he would usher in a new era of prosperity.
Now two months into his presidency, he's painting a slightly different picture. 
He has warned that it will be hard to bring down prices and the public should be prepared for a ""little disturbance"" before he can bring back wealth to the US.
Meanwhile, even as the latest figures indicate inflation is easing, analysts say the odds of a downturn are increasing, pointing to his policies.
So is Trump about to trigger a recession in the world's largest economy?
In the US, a recession is defined as a prolonged and widespread decline in economic activity typically characterised by a jump in unemployment and fall in incomes.
A chorus of economic analysts have warned in recent days that the risks of such a scenario are rising. 
A JP Morgan report put the chance of recession at 40%, up from 30% at the start of the year, warning that US policy was ""tilting away from growth"", while Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics, upped the odds from 15% to 35%, citing tariffs. 
The forecasts came as the S&P 500, which tracks 500 of the biggest companies in the US sank sharply. It has now fallen to its lowest level since September in a sign of fears about the future.
The market turmoil is being driven partly by concerns about new taxes on imports, called tariffs, which Trump has introduced since he took office.
He has hit products from America's three biggest trade partners with the new duties, and threatened them more widely in moves that analysts believe will increase prices and curb growth.
The latest official inflation figures in the US showed the rate of price increases cooling in February, however. 
Prices were up 2.8% over the 12 months to February, down from 3% in January, the Labor Department said.  
Still, Trump and his economic advisers have been warning the public to be prepared for some economic pain, while appearing to dismiss the market concerns - a marked change from his first term, when he frequently cited the stock market as a measure of his own success. 
""There will always be changes and adjustments,"" he said last week, in response to pleas from businesses for more certainty. 
The posture has increased investor worries about his plans. 
Goldman Sachs last week raised its recession bets from 15% to 20%, saying it saw policy changes as ""the key risk"" to the economy. But it noted that the White House still had ""the option to pull back if the downside risks begin to look more serious"". 
""If the White House remained committed to its policies even in the face of much worse data, recession risk would rise further,"" the firm's analysts warned. 

For many firms, the biggest question mark is tariffs, which raise costs for US businesses by putting taxes on imports. As Trump unveils tariff plans, many companies are now facing lower profit margins, while holding off on investments and hiring as they try to figure out what the future will look like. 
Investors are also worried about big cuts to the government workforce and government spending.
Brian Gardner, chief of Washington policy strategy at the investment bank Stifel, said businesses and investors had thought Trump intended tariffs as a negotiating tool. 
""But what the president and his cabinet are signalling is actually a bigger deal. It's a restructuring of the American economy,"" he said. ""And that's what's been driving markets in the last couple of weeks.""
The US economy was already undergoing a slowdown, engineered in part by the central bank, which has kept interest rates higher to try to cool activity and stabilise prices.
In recent weeks, some data suggests a more rapid weakening.
Retail sales fell in February, confidence - which had popped after Trump's election on several surveys of consumers and businesses - has fallen, and companies including major airlines, retailers such as Walmart and Target, and manufacturers are warning of a pullback.
Some analysts are worried a drop in the stock market could trigger a further clampdown in spending, especially among higher income households.
That could deliver a major hit to the US economy, which is driven by consumer spending and has grown increasingly dependent on those richer households, as lower income families face pressure from inflation. 

The head of the US central bank, Jerome Powell, offered assurances in a speech last week, noting that sentiment had not been a good indicator of behaviour in recent years.
""Despite elevated levels of uncertainty, the US economy continues to be in a good place,"" he said.
But the US economy is currently deeply linked to the rest of the world, warned Kathleen Brooks, research director at XTB.
""The fact that tariffs could disrupt that at the same time that there were signs that the US economy was weakening anyway ... is really fuelling recession fears,"" she says. 
The unease in the stock market isn't all about Trump. 
Investors were already jittery about the possibility of a correction, after big gains over the last two years, driven by the sharp run-up in tech stocks fuelled by investor optimism about artificial intelligence (AI).
Chipmaker Nvidia, for example, saw its share price jump from less than $15 at the start of 2023 to nearly $150 in November of last year.
That type of rise had stirred debate about an ""AI bubble"" - with investors on high alert for signs of it bursting, which would have a big impact on the stock market, regardless of the dynamics in the wider economy. 
Now, with views of the US economy darkening, optimism about AI is getting even harder to sustain.
Tech analyst Gene Munster of Deepwater Asset Management wrote on social media this week that his optimism had ""taken a step back"" as the chance of a recession increased ""measurably"" over the past month.
""The bottom line is that if we enter a recession, it will be extremely difficult for the AI trade to continue,"" he said. 
Follow the twists and turns of Trump's second presidential term with North America correspondent Anthony Zurcher's weekly US Politics Unspun newsletter. Readers in the UK can sign up here. Those outside the UK can sign up here.
Could this be a chance for the world’s fifth-largest economy to shed protectionism and open up further?
The BBC's Anthony Zurcher takes a closer look at the US president's negotiation strategy with top world leaders.
President Donald Trump has vowed to impose a sweeping range of tariffs on Irish goods on 2 April.
Trump's tariffs will hit its biggest steel trading partners' economies the most, the OECD predicts.
Canadian firms say there is a need for more homegrown production after tariffs imposed by the US sparked a trade war.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
3,2025-03-12,"Business Insider Edition 
When Sophia Guiter arrived in New York City last October, it was her first time in the Big Apple.

        Despite the allure of Broadway, Times Square, and the city that never sleeps, the Milwaukee, Wisconsin, college student had a bigger mission: making an impression on executives of the $23 billion asset manager Balyasny. She and two of her Marquette University classmates were set to compete in the firm's first-ever US stock pitching competition the next day.
    

        Guiter's focus paid off: Her team placed third, and she scored an interview that led to an internship with Balyasny's proprietary research team, set to start this summer.
    

        Balyasny, meanwhile, has now adopted the competition as a regular part of its recruiting pipeline. It held a second stock-picking contest at the end of February and plans to host two such competitions a year in the US from now on.
    

        In addition to prize money awarded to the top three teams, the top two teams, plus other standout students, are granted hard-to-get interviews for Balyasny internships. For example, six out of 15 participants from the February contest were interviewed for Balyasny's 2026 internship program.
    

        ""It's basically an early application pool for us, and we would love to be able to fill a good amount of our summer internship class via the stock pitch competition,"" said Hannah Dinardo, the firm's head of campus recruiting.
    

        Balyasny is just one of many ""buy-side"" firms ramping up campus recruitment — that is, getting talent in the door earlier through internships versus waiting until they've had job experience. In the past, hedge funds and private equity firms recruited almost exclusively from investment banks. But campus recruiting has become increasingly important to the sector, which has ballooned in size in recent years due to growing interest in their investments.
    

        ""Having a cohort of young talent — I don't want to say that it's inexpensive, but it's an earlier investment,"" explained Steve Schurr, a Balyasny portfolio manager who conceived of the stock-picking competition as a talent pipeline. Today, most of Schurr's 10-person team counts Balyasny as their first job out of college, he said.
    

        Guiter, Schurr, and Dinardo sat down with Business Insider to give their advice on how college students interested in a finance career can get invited to the competition and make an impression on the asset manager's top execs once there.
    

        Here's how it works: Balyasny recruiters, including Dinardo, identify campus clubs with students they can invite to submit stock pitches, which act as applications to the competition. The firm prioritizes sophomores.
    

        Pitches are reviewed blind, meaning the school names are withheld until the final selection round. Then, five schools are invited to and hosted in New York to participate in an in-person competition.
    

        At the event, student teams present their pitches to the judges — who are also portfolio managers — and the other teams for 10 minutes, followed by a seven-minute Q&A.
    

        In addition to traditional Wall Street target schools, Dinardo says the firm also aims to include lesser-known universities like Marquette University — a small private school in Wisconsin. (The winners of last year's competition hailed from The University of Alabama.)
    

        ""It's such a great way to evaluate students' skill set through their work product and to really see how they're thinking about markets, how they're thinking about stocks, and just see them in a totally different light versus just a one-to-one interview,"" said Dinardo. ""You're able to also, from a recruiting perspective, see how they stack up against their peers.""
    

        Key to scoring an invite is being in the right college clubs.
    

        ""The competition as a whole has been really helpful for us to better understand where we're spending our time on campus and which groups really align well with what we're looking for,"" Dinardo said.
    

        She advises students whose groups aren't yet on their radar to hone in the club's educational program and mission.
    

        ""Think about the curriculum of the club. Is it a group where students by their sophomore year are going to be prepared to compete and participate in a competition like this?"" she said, adding: ""Are they well versed in diligencing an idea soup to nuts and from start to finish being able to build out a stock pitch and an investment pitch?""
    

        In choosing which clubs to work with, Dinardo also looks at a club's relationship with its members, preferring a loyal base versus a handful of students aiming to fill out their resumes.
    

        ""A one-semester engagement opportunity on campus to build out your resume and get on an email distro list. I would say that's typically what we try to avoid,"" she said.
    

        It can be hard to juggle classes, jobs, friends, and other club commitments, but Guiter advises students prioritize the stock-picking competition if they want to succeed.
    

        ""We were putting in over 80 hours a week, especially that last week,"" Guiter said. I mean, we'd wake up in the morning and we would work on that until we went to bed. We were really focused on it and really wanted to stand out to the judges and come as prepared as possible.""
    

        She had never worked so hard on anything in her time as a student.
    

        ""It was definitely the most I've ever juggled on my plate at one time, but worth every minute of it.""
    

        Rehearse presenting your ideas and answering questions as much and as often as possible.
    

        ""Don't show up and have only practiced your pitch like, three times,"" Guiter said.
    

        She and her team did multiple run-throughs in front of their entire investment club and professors.
    

        ""We'd go up during class or have Friday pitches where people would come, and they would just grill us,"" she said. ""There was a time where it went on for an hour and a half.""
    

        Ahead of the competition, the top five teams get a 45-minute pitch revision session with members of Balyasny's analyst development team to prepare for the final event and get a better sense of the types of questions they might be probed on.
    

        Balyasny doesn't give students tight parameters for picking a stock, just a market cap amount. So when thinking about which equity they'd showcase, Guiter and her team went for something they thought would be a less popular choice: a healthcare stock.
    

        ""We wanted to branch out from the tech and AI space because we figured a lot of our competitors would choose a stock within that space,"" she said. ""We wanted to differentiate within a market that has a lot of research that we could build off of.""
    

        Indeed, the skill set required to be a successful equity investor is ""evolving rapidly,"" said Schurr.
    

        ""You need to have a high degree of creative intelligence. You need to be a really independent thinker, but you also have to have an adaptive mindset,"" he said.
    

        Guiter and her team used ChatGPT to assist with the extensive research project and show they could harness technology.
    

        ""We analyzed how often management fulfilled their promises by analyzing 10 years of earning calls,"" she said.
    

        Looking back, Guiter said her group should've included more details about the time spent on the project as well as their research approach when delivering their 10-minute pitch. It's something she now encourages other students to do.
    

        Indeed, Shurr (who was a judge at her competition) said he is looking to hear about research processes and conclusions that say something interesting. Even if the judges don't agree with the stock call, this will give them insight into the process.
    

        Schurr added that successful teams ""did a deep amount of interesting and variant work and could articulate their thoughts quite well about the nature of the business and where they believe the perception was misplaced,"" he said. ""And they could show their work.""
    

        This focus helps him and other PMs determine the competition winners and identify which students to invite to Super Days.
    

        ""Really what you're trying to do with this is not identify one great idea, you're trying to identify someone who has an innate strength as a sleuth to go and dig for information in a unique way,"" he said.
    

CORRECTION: March 12, 2025— An earlier version of this story misstated the timing of Guiter's internship and the amount of the prize money.

 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
4,2025-03-12,"Business Insider Edition 
Tesla sales are sliding in another market.

Elon Musk's automaker sold 1,592 vehicles in Australia last month, down from 5,665 in February 2024 — a 71% decline, per figures from the Electric Vehicle Council. 
    

        Rival Polestar also suffered a decline of 11% last month, selling 125 vehicles.
    

        The decline for Tesla comes amid vandalism aimed at Musk. A Tesla store in Hobart, the capital of Tasmania, was vandalized with graffiti including ""Down with DOGE,"" news.com.au reported this week.
    

        Tesla and Musk protests have taken place in a number of US cities, with some of them leading to vandalism and arrests. Anti-Tesla boycott attempts have also taken place in Portugal and the UK.
    

Australia joins a number of European countries reporting declines in Tesla sales. Tesla's February total in Germany fell 76% year-on-year, despite overall EV sales rising about 31%. Tesla sales in the country also fell in January amid Musk's endorsement of the far-right AfD party.
    

        Tesla sales declined more than 40% year-on-year in Norway, Denmark, and Sweden last month, with a 26% slide in France. 
    

        Sales of Teslas manufactured in China fell 49% year on year in February to their lowest number since August 2022. Tesla's Chinese rival BYD posted a 90% increase the same month. 
    

        Tesla stock has had a rollercoaster ride this year, plunging 15% on Monday before regaining some ground on Wednesday to be about 34% lower this year. 
    

        As Tesla grapples with a slumping stock price and declining sales, some investors have expressed concerns that Musk's increased political involvement may be contributing to its struggles. However, some analysts have told BI that stock volatility is normal for the company, and some of the headwinds were expected.
    

        Tesla warned there would be lost production time as plants retool for the Model Y refresh. 
    

        The model lineup is aging and increasingly showing up in the used car market. Some potential buyers may also be waiting for Tesla's cheaper EV to arrive later this later.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
5,2025-03-12,"Business Insider Edition 
Southwest Airlines is getting rid of its hallmark free baggage policy, and competitors say it's a good thing for them.

        The CEOs of United Airlines and Delta Air Lines said on Tuesday that Southwest's change could lead some price-sensitive customers to switch airlines.
    

        United's Scott Kirby said that the Texas-based carrier's elimination of its free bags perk was like ""slaying the sacred cow.""
    

        ""It will be a really big deal for Southwest,"" Kirby said at the JPMorgan industrials conference. ""It would be good for everyone else.""
    

        Delta's Ed Bastian made similar comments at the conference.
    

        ""Clearly, there are some customers who chose them because of that, and now those customers are up for grabs,"" Bastian said.
    

        Even Amtrak got in on the conversation, reminding customers in a Tuesday X post that train passengers can bring two carry-on bags for free.
    

        Airlines compete closely for US domestic market share.
    

        Delta had 17.7% of the share, Southwest had 17.3%, and United had 16% of the domestic market share for the year that ended in November 2024, according to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics.
    

        Ancillary fees, which are extra charges for non-essential add-ons like seat selection, in-flight meals, and baggage, have become an increasingly important revenue source. United reported it made $4.5 billion in ancillary fees in 2024.
    

        On Tuesday, Southwest announced it was changing its ""bags fly free"" policy to only apply to select premium members from May 28. It said that customers who don't qualify will pay for their first and second checked bags.
    

        In July, Southwest's CEO Bob Jordan said that after fare and schedule, checked bags were the ""number one issue in terms of why customers choose Southwest"" and he reiterated the stance on checked baggage again in September.
    

        At Tuesday's JPMorgan conference, he said the change would spur Southwest credit card enrollments and add revenue. 
    

        ""We carry nearly two times the bags as compared to the competition, which is costly on many fronts,"" Jordan said.
    

        The move is part of Southwest's larger business overhaul as the company faces investor pressure after a series of lackluster earnings. Passenger volumes are below pre-pandemic levels despite strong travel demand.Southwest's stock is down 26% in the last five years, while United is up over 80%.
    

        In July, Elliott Investment Management, which built up an 11% stake in the company, said the airline's decades-old strategies weren't working. The activist investor called for an overhaul of management and the board of directors. In October, Southwest added six directors from outside the company as part of a deal with Elliot.
    

        In July,Southwest abandoned its other famous policy — free seating — and replaced it with basic economy fares and premium seats available for purchase. The company also laid off 15%, or about 1,750, of its corporate employees last month, breaking a decadeslong reputation of not having mass layoffs.


        Southwest's stock is down 9% so far this year.
    

        Southwest did not respond to a request for comment sent outside regular business hours.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
6,2025-03-12,"If you buy something using links in our stories, we may earn a commission. Learn more.
Best OverallDyson Gen5 DetectRead more
Best Inexpensive CordlessRyobi 18V One+ HP Stick VacuumRead more
Best HandheldDyson HumdingerRead more
Best Cheap HandheldShark UltraCyclone Pet Pro PlusRead more
Having pets is one of the best things in life. A cute little guy who’s forced to live with (and love) me? Sign me up. One downside, though, is the constant shedding. Fur is particularly tough to clean up. If it’s short and coarse, like my cat Basil’s, it gets easily embedded in fabrics and carpet; if it’s long and fluffy like my cat Clover’s, it flies away to accumulate in hard-to-reach corners. But whatever your situation, there’s a vac for that!
The technology has improved by leaps and bounds in the past two decades, and vacuums come in all shapes and sizes. I and a few of my pet-owning colleagues have tested a ton of vacuums—from traditional corded models to cordless, handheld, robotic, and even 2-in-1 vac/mop combos—to find out which ones are best at sucking up fur and dander.
We recommend our favorites here, but we’re continually testing more, so check back often. And be sure to check out our related guides, like the Best Hand Vacuums, Best Dyson Vacuums, and Best Robot Vacuums.
Power up with unlimited access to WIRED. Get best-in-class reporting that's too important to ignore for just $2.50 $1 per month for 1 year. Includes unlimited digital access and exclusive subscriber-only content. Subscribe Today.
How We Tested
I tested these pet hair vacuums for a week if not more (I’ve been using both the Dyson cordless and handheld for months now), and I’ve used them on nearly every surface in my house—including the cat trees and behind my two cats’ litter box. When testing began, I lived in a large house with three cats and a dog (more hair in a larger area), and for the latter half of testing, I lived with two cats in a small apartment (slightly less hair in a smaller area with less places for hair to hide).
I also tested every attachment on problem areas like carpeted stairs, crevices of air vents, a high-pile rug, and hardwood floors. Not all pet hair vacuums are created alike, and they vary quite a bit in their effectiveness on different surfaces and with different attachments. I set these up, charged ’em, and vacuumed with them until they died, noting run time, power, effectiveness, and ease of emptying the bin and cleaning the filter.
What to Look For
It seems like a lot of brands will slap the words “pet hair” onto a product and market it as such without really specifying why or how it’s effective for pet hair. Of course, I tested those to see if they put their metaphorical vac mouths where their money was. On the flip side, I also tested some that were well rated for overall efficacy but not marketed toward pets—like the Roborock Saros 10R, a pricey robovac that uses AI mapping and can identify pets nearby and quiet its motor.
Speaking of, vacuums and pets are inherently antithetical. Vacuums are a necessary evil to combat pet hair, but your pets will likely be scared of them. If my cat Basil had opposable thumbs, I know he’d be leaving hate comments on this article. Aside from the robovac picks (which for some reason my cats don’t mind), my cat Basil had a mild cardiac event each time I tested the other vacs on this list. So along with effectiveness and suction, I also took into consideration loudness, as well as how easy the product is to handle.
Generally though, when shopping for a pet hair vacuum, look for suction power, bin capacity, attachments, and type of bristle or motor bar—figure out what’s going to be doing the actual picking up of dust, dander, and pet hair. I found that conical bars like the ones on certain Dyson models work well to not get tangled, and dual brushes like on the Ryobi work together to effectively pick up more. Also read reviews from real people with real, furry pets, but know that no two pets are alike. Take into consideration what kind of shedder you live with, and what type of space needs cleaning; a robovac may not be best for a house with multiple flights of carpeted stairs.
I am completely obsessed with this cordless vacuum. Dyson’s Gen5detect packs all the punch you’d get from a corded vac while also being lightweight and convenient. It also doubles as a handheld vac when you want to do a quick or tight job like stairs or crevices. Dyson claims it has the most powerful HEPA filtration of any cordless vac on the market, trapping particles as small as 0.1 microns. It even has a digital screen that shows just how much gross stuff you’re vacuuming up, tracking particle size—microscopic, like allergens; fine, like skin flakes; medium, like dust mites; and coarse, like sugar. During cleaning, the indicator bars rise and fall, depending on the amount of debris detected, and afterwards the screen displays the summary of collected particles. The LCD screen also allows you to choose power modes, like Eco for longer clean times and Boost for occasional intense spot cleaning.
There's an included crevice tool and smaller hair screw tool for especially hard-to-reach areas. The main vac attachments are the star of the show, though. There’s a Digital Motorbar cleaner head for carpets—with 56 detangling vanes, hair never gets stuck in the bar—and pet hair gets sucked straight into the back for a mess-free clean. There’s also a Fluffy Optic cleaner head for hard floors. It has a super-soft rotating material and an angled green blade of light to illuminate invisible pet hair and dust naked to the human eye. It’s so satisfying to clean pet hair and dust I didn’t even know was there. With 70 minutes of run time and excellent attachments that work for pet hair (and dust and dander) on a myriad of surfaces, this versatile vac is one of my favorite products I’ve ever tested.
I’m a huge fan of Ryobi products. I loved both handheld vacuum models I tested previously—they are just powerhorse tools. This cordless vac is no different. It has powerful suction with up to 75 inches of water lift (IOW), cyclonic filtration, a brushless motor, an easily removable roller bar, and lights on the vacuum head to better see the debris. Plus, the 18V One battery works with any compatible Ryobi tool, so I didn’t need to buy multiple batteries. The dual plush (for hard floors) and brush rolls (for carpet) are the best of both worlds. The bristles of this vac are tough—they're long and coarse, plus the bars move super quickly together to move the pet hair up into the dust cup without getting tangled. Although I never had a problem with hair getting tangled in the bar, all of Ryobi’s products I’ve tested have an easily (and uncomplicated) removable roller bar which makes dealing with fur tangles so much easier. The dust cup is also super convenient to empty (you don't have to touch any of the fur or dander), and when it’s time to clean it, the filter is easy to access and clean. (I love my Dyson, but that’s a gripe of mine with their models.)
If you remove the extension wand and vacuum head, this cordless vac becomes a convenient handheld vac, which comes with crevice tools and a dust brush that I loved using to clear fur and dust from vents around my house and on the narrow stairs. It has two cleaning modes, Eco (to conserve battery, good for most cleanings) and Boost (for embedded fur on my living room’s shag-like rug), but I will say this model is a bit heavier with its battery positioned right behind the handle, but the vacuum stands upright unsupported, which is an added bonus. At a fraction of the cost of my top cordless vac pick, Dyson, the Ryobi is comparable in almost every aspect. The Dyson just beat it out because it works so well on non-carpeted floors—that amazing green light illuminates invisible hairs and dust.
Dyson’s lightweight (just over 2 pounds) hand vacuum packs a punch at 14.4 volts and comes with a bunch of super handy attachments, including a crevice tool with a movable brush, a worktop attachment (for flat surfaces and fabric), and a hair-screw tool. The combination crevice tool works excellently in tight, awkward spaces, but the real star of the show is the hair-screw tool which works incredibly well picking up pet hair without getting caught in the beater bar.
The motorized conical brush bar rotates to quickly pick up hair, and because of the conical design, the hair gets sucked straight back into the bin rather than getting tangled in the wheel (a super irritating common problem with rotating brushes). When you pull the red lever, the top cover drops and the dirt and dust is pushed out of the front, which I loved because it meant there was less need to touch the pet hair and dust inside. The only problem is that hair would sometimes get stuck in the back, and it’s a bit annoying to get out. Along with pet hair, the vac claims to capture 99.99 percent of microscopic particles, like dust mite allergens, which is helpful for reducing pet dander and the like.
This lightweight (just under 3 pounds) handheld vac from Shark is specifically designed to tackle pet hair: It has powerful suction with two cyclonic airstreams, and a motorized self-cleaning power brush sucks the hair back so it doesn't get wrapped around the brush (my biggest complaint with vacuuming pet hair). It also has an extra-large capacity for pet hair, dander, and dust, and it has a button to easily (and cleanly) dispense the hair and debris from the XL dust cup. It also has surface and crevice attachments to tackle pet hair on a myriad of surfaces, and has a washable filter for easy cleanup that also helps with longevity. WIRED reviewer Nena Farrell liked using this vacuum for various messes around the house, including her toddler’s spilled Cheerios and debris from a home renovation, but she wasn’t the biggest fan of its somewhat short battery life.
This lightweight, 3-pound hand vacuum is specially designed to target pet hair with three attachments: a powerful motorized brush lifts pet hair from a myriad of surfaces, including fur embedded in fabric and carpet; a super-skinny crevice tool sucks debris from in between cushions; and a flat, wide attachment works well for surface upholstery vacuuming. Although this vac works excellently on various surfaces, it really shines with pet hair. The rotating bristles work to suck up and move pet hair quickly and efficiently to the back bin, like a large vac does. When I first tested this, I sang the praises of the brush tool for getting out pet hair.
After testing more options, I realized that hair gets tangled in this bar more easily, and the brush isn’t the easiest to clean (unlike the bar in the handheld Dyson). After prolonged testing, I don’t use the brush as often and mostly use the crevice tool, which has become my go-to for sucking up pet hair in tight, hard-to-reach places like the corners of my pets’ cat tree and between my bed and the wall.
This expensive robot vacuum/mop combo uses AI to identify up to 108 obstacles, plus it has a 20,000-Pa suction, a fast-charging and intelligent recharging dock, and extended clean time. I have indoor cats, so I’m less concerned about muddy paws than my dog-owning friends, but I do live in New York City, so I am concerned about the grossness that lurks on the bottom of my shoes (and eventually my floors). This vacuum has a high-efficiency washable filter that captures 99.97 percent of dust, pollen, and allergens down to 0.3 microns in size. Technology has come so far, and this robovac’s ability to mop and vac is nothing short of a modern miracle. There's hot-water washing for the mop, a flexible arm, and a main brush that splits in two to make it easier to clean. You can use voice commands via Alexa, Apple Siri Shortcuts, and Google Home, and as mentioned earlier the robovac can navigate smartly around your home on its own with multi-floor mapping, using its StarSight Autonomous System 2.0 with lidar, ToF sensors, RBG cameras, and AI.
WIRED reviewer Adrienne So loved the vacuum's AI mapping capabilities to avoid sucking up her daughter's toys or her elderly dog’s accidents. It also has pet-friendly smart navigation, pausing its main brush and moving aside to avoid frightening your pet, and you can identify the locations of pet supplies like dog beds or food bowls to make sure the robovac deep-cleans those areas. Although this is a pricey upgrade, I’d argue that the ability to never have to manually vacuum or mop again is priceless.
This robovac earned a coveted 9/10 WIRED recommends by reviewer Adrienne So, because even though it’s simple, it has stood the test of time. She liked it because it took less hassle and maintenance than she’s often had while testing robovacs for the better part of a decade. It has 2,700-Pa suction power, an auto-empty vacuum bag, air filters, and an easily removable dust bin, plus it’s simple to set up with Wi-Fi and has an app that’s easy to navigate. This robovac uses lasers to navigate rather than higher-end camera-based navigation to help identify obstacles in the house, but through the app, you can opt to view your floor plan in 2D or 3D and edit your maps, naming different rooms and identifying different floor types so it won’t be wasting suction power on hardwood.
A robovac is a total game changer for pet hair, easily covering ground I’m not able to, like the dust bunnies of hair that collect under my bed, or on the carpet under the coffee table. Plus, my cats aren’t scared of the robovac like they are with traditional (or stick or handheld) vacuums.
I will preface this by saying now that technology has expanded and cordless vacs are just as powerful as upright vacuums and easier to use, I will never go back to the olden days of corded vacuum cleaning. I refuse. But if you aren’t a hater like me, this Dyson is literally engineered to pick up pet hair specifically. The Animal 3 Extra (9/10, WIRED Recommends) has a large bin capacity, a motor bar cleaner head with detangling hair-removal vanes, and three different power modes: one for deep- and medium-pile carpets, one for low-pile carpets and large debris, and one for hardwood floors and ground-in dirt.
With the Extra (which former WIRED reviewer Jaina Grey tested), there’s also a tangle-free turbine tool (for removing pet hair and dirt from upholstery) and a grooming tool for pets with medium or long hair that removes loose hairs, allergens, and dead skin from your animal—plus the included combination tool and stair tool. Jaina appreciated that the canister never clogged up with wads of fur, the motor-bar cleaner head remained free of tangled hair, and the vacuum worked well on both hardwood floors and carpet. Her only complaints were that it's heavy and loud—my exact gripe with corded vacs. Just sayin’.
Tineco Go Pet Cordless Vacuum for $350: As when I tested the Tineco Go Mini for my handheld vacuums guide, I was a bit underwhelmed by this vacuum specifically for pets. It’s not bad, but it’s also not outstanding. Like the Ryobi, it has a slot for easy brush removal if hair gets stuck around the bars, which is a helpful thing to have when you’re dealing with pet (and human) hair. The lever and the angle of the lid for emptying are counterintuitive, and the first few times I emptied it, the debris went everywhere. It’s hard to distinguish between eco and power modes, and the vac blinked red and the brush stopped rotating when transitioning between surfaces. (It especially had a hard time on my thin runner rug.) I’d have to turn it off and let it rest before restarting. It felt a bit heavier and clunkier than others as well. But, it does have handy lights to illuminate debris and comes with attachments to make handheld cleaning a breeze. I could probably overlook those faults, but with such amazing cordless vacs to compare it to, it just wasn’t as good.
Eufy RoboVac 11S Max for $200: Our esteemed competitors at places like The Strategist and Wirecutter loved this cheap robovac, so I bought one for myself before moving into my new apartment with two cats. And I have to say, I don't agree with them. Yes, this robovac is significantly cheaper than most others and has generally good ratings, but I have nothing nice to say about it besides that it is able to go under furniture and suck up pet hair I otherwise wouldn’t be able to. Its navigation system is random, it doesn't have an app (but it does come with a remote control to direct it to a specific spot or schedule cleanings), it’s loud, and it tends to be attracted to cords. (If there is even one cord around, it will somehow directly go to it and spin on a never-ending loop. Don’t even talk to me about the afternoon it got ahold of a stringed cat toy.) It has extreme difficulty traversing even minor height differences, like the small panel of wood between the hallway and bathroom door. It has a toxic love affair with the bathmat and has nearly created a bald spot in the pile from continuous sucking. But most of all, it is needlessly hard to empty the bin, and nearly impossible to detangle all of the hair and fur from the bar or spinning brush beneath. There’s gross hair that will probably still be wrapped around the mechanism until the day I am put into the ground. This cursed thing will outlive us all, I fear.
Correction: 3/14/25, 3:41 pm EST: An earlier iteration of this piece erroneously linked Ryobi's stick vacuum bare tool and kit to the PBLSV716 model, not the PBLS719. The copy has been changed to reflect this.
10% Off Wayfair Promo Code with sign-up
20% off Dyson Promo Code
$50 Off In-Person Tax Prep When You Switch From Your Tax Current Provider
Up to $500 off cameras at Canon
Save extra 10% Off TurboTax
Exclusive: Up To 50% Off 6 Boxes With Factor Promo Code
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
7,2025-03-12,"Your Roomba could soon be a worthless brick. iRobot’s stock fell as much as 40% early Wednesday after the maker of robot vacuums told investors that it has “substantial doubt about the companyâs ability to continue.” Sales were down 44% in the last three months of 2024 at $172 million versus $307 million the year prior, though the company hopes a slew of new Roombas introduced this week will help stem the decline. Even there, iRobot could be impacted by President Trump’s trade war.
Roomba is synonymous with robot vacuums, having first introduced the product back in 2002. But today, the market is saturated with comparable products from companies like Roborock, Shark, and Xiaomi, which make similar robot vacuums at prices often undercutting iRobot. The company was slow to release a combination mop and vacuum robot, and customers often complain that the Roomba’s vSLAM mapping and detection technology is not as good as laser-based alternatives.
Newer models do have some nice features, like an option to program them to sweep only specific areas of the home, like the kitchen. Of course, however, Roombas still cannot ascend stairs. Robot vacuums are more of a want, not a needâand, frankly, vacuuming yourself can be therapeutic. 23 years after its introduction, the Roomba still gets stuck, or runs over poop and smears it across the floor. The dream of combining robotics with useful AI in the household has always been just off in the distance, almost perfect but not quite.
According to CNN, iRobot has launched a âstrategic review of alternatives for the business” that could ultimately result to a sale or refinancing of its debts. Perhaps Amazon can step up and try to acquire the company again after its previous attempt was scuttled by European regulators over concerns that Amazon would prioritize iRobot in its marketplace. President Trump has shown himself willing to go to bat for leaders of industry that have supported him, yesterday running an advertising campaign for Tesla at the White House. Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, who quickly fell in line with the president, could call in a favor.
Amazon probably does not want iRobot anymore, however. The robotics company’s stock is down 90% from its highs only a few years ago, and the acquisition offer was made in 2022 before the downturn that led to mass layoffs and austerity measures. Amazon has invested heavily in robotics in warehouses to drive down costs, however, where there could be some synergies in shared mapping technology. And it is renewing its push in the home by upgrading Alexa with generative AI. The hope has always been that owners of Echo speakers would use them for everything, including ordering home goods from Amazon. That never panned out, but maybe the new Alexa will turn things around. There is some angle where it could make sense to try and acquire iRobot again as part of some broader strategy.

iRobotRoborockRobots 

          Get the best tech, science, and culture news in your inbox daily.
        

          News from the future, delivered to your present.
        

      Please select your desired newsletters and submit your email to upgrade your inbox.
    

          Maybe Mark Zuckerberg has just been a prototype for this project this whole time.
        

          For those who love Pixar's Luxo Jr., Apple's engineers developed a lamp that swivels with excitement as it obeys your every whim.
        

          The new brain-computer interface device goes ""beyond anything that has been done before,"" the researchers claim.
        

          The robots at CES 2025 looked cuter than ever, and were packing more AI than we may be comfortable with.
        

          Balled-up socks have finally met their match in Roborock's Saros Z70.
        

          DJI and Autel Robotics have one year to convince skeptical national security agencies that their equipment doesn't pose a threat to the U.S.
        

Best of CES 2025 Awards â
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2025 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
8,2025-03-12,"Business Insider Edition 
Google has shaken up its Cloud group yet again, this time consolidating teams in its strategy unit.

        Staff in Google Cloud's strategy and operations team were told in February that the reorganization would help the company ""respond faster to market demands,"" according to a memo sent by Google Cloud's Go-To-Market COO Greta Krupetsky and seen by Business Insider. She described the new structure as a ""network model"" in the memo, which will better support Cloud's various sales teams.
    

        Google has been streamlining many of its internal teams across the company over the past two years in an effort to move faster. Krupetsky said the latest reorg included consolidating its core Business Services into one team led by Google Cloud managing director Abhi Sharma to ""help increase sales productivity."" A new central ""Deal Management"" team has also been created under Google Cloud COO Francis deSouza, who joined the company earlier this year.
    

        The unit will include a new ""Business Functions - Customer Experience Organization"" led by Erez Wohl, managing director at Google Cloud. Wohl's previous strategy and operations functions will now report to Krupetsky.
    

        ""We continue to evolve our business to meet our customers' needs and the significant opportunity ahead. We will continue to invest in areas that are critical to our business and ensure our long-term success,"" a spokesperson told BI in a statement.
    

        The memo mentions a ""small number"" of roles being cut as part of the reorganization. Those cuts, which BI reported on last month, included some roles being moved to other regions including India and Mexico City, according to an internal employee-crowdsourced document. BI also reviewed several internal job postings for roles within Google Cloud's Go-To-Market Strategy and Operations team based in Mexico City.
    

        Google's Cloud group has become a crucial part of the company's efforts to compete in artificial intelligence. Google Cloud sales hit $11.96 billion in the fourth quarter, up 30% from the previous year, though falling short of analyst expectations. Investors are closely watching Google's Cloud business, which is still smaller than those of rivals Amazon and Microsoft.
    

        Google previously said it plans to spend $75 billion in capital expenditure this year.
    

Have a tip? Contact this reporter via email at hlangley@businessinsider.com or Signal at 628-228-1836. Use a personal email address and a nonwork device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.

 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
9,2025-03-12,"
GameSpot may receive revenue from affiliate and advertising partnerships for sharing this content and from purchases through links.

The latest AMD CPUs are already proving to be popular--here's where you'll likely find them in stock.
By 
    Jon Bitner
   on March 12, 2025 at 7:51AM PDT
After launching the Radeon RX 9070 and RX 9070 XT GPUs last week, AMD has now officially launched the Ryzen 9 9950X3D and 9900X3D processors. Early reviews are praising the components as some of the most powerful CPUs on the market--so if you’re piecing together a premium gaming rig, they’re likely a good fit for your needs. However, they’re bound to be a hot commodity, so if you find one in stock, it’s a good idea to pick it up while you can. The 9950X3D costs $699, while the 9900X3D costs $599.
 
These two CPUs are the successors to the popular Ryzen 7 9800X3D, which launched last November and quickly became the must-have processor for gaming and high-end development applications. The 9950X3D and 9900X3D aim to offer an even more well-rounded experience. The 9800X3D has been hard to find in stock, but if you want to save some cash, you can get the current No. 1 best-selling CPU for $480 at Amazon.
The 9950X3D is the more premium of the two, offering up to 5.7GHz, 16 cores, and 32 threads. It also gets you 64MB of 3D V-Cache to enhance its performance when running demanding gaming. The 9900X3D, meanwhile, features 12 cores, 24 threads, and speeds up to 5.5GHz. It also benefits from a 64MB 3D V-Cache.
 
While these will likely be popular models with gamers, AMD is hoping they’ll be a hit with content creators and programmers requiring loads of processing power. The early consensus is that the two CPUs are absolute powerhouses and overkill for most users--but if you need the best on the market, they’re certainly worth a closer look.
We’ve already seen the Ryzen 9 9900X3D and 9950X3D go out of stock multiple times, so be sure to check back often for inventory updates.
More Gaming, Tech, and Entertainment Deals & Preorders
Got a news tip or want to contact us directly? Email news@gamespot.com
Use your keyboard!
Log in to comment
"
10,2025-03-12,"Trump touted the inflation report as ""very good news.""
Consumer prices rose 2.8% in February compared to a year ago, easing slightly over the first full month under President Donald Trump and offering welcome news for markets roiled by a global trade war. Inflation cooled more than economists expected.
The S&P 500 and tech-heavy Nasdaq closed higher on Wednesday, preserving early gains in the immediate aftermath of the release of the inflation report. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed slightly lower.
Speaking at the White House later in the morning, Trump touted the inflation report as ""very good news.""
Price increases slowed from a 3% inflation rate recorded in January, though inflation remain nearly a percentage point higher than the Federal Reserve's target of 2%.
Egg prices, however, a closely watched symbol of price increases, soared 58.8% in February compared to a year ago, accelerating from the previous month. Bird flu has decimated the egg supply, lifting prices higher.
The Justice Department opened an investigation into egg producers to learn if market practices have contributed to the price hikes, a source familiar with the matter told ABC News.
Prices dropped for tomatoes, cereal, cupcakes and cookies over the past year. Some grocery prices increased faster than the pace of overall inflation, however, including beef, biscuits and apples.
A rise in housing costs accounted for nearly half of the price increases last month, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics said. A decline in the price of airline tickets and gasoline helped offset some of the increased costs, the agency said.
The inflation report arrived hours after the U.S. imposed 25% tariffs on steel and aluminum, prompting near-immediate retaliatory duties from the European Union and marking the latest escalation of trade tensions.
Tariffs are widely expected to raise prices for consumers, since importers typically pass along a share of the added cost to shoppers.
The stock market has plunged since Trump imposed tariffs on Mexico, Canada and China last week, giving rise to warnings on Wall Street about a potential economic downturn. Within days, Trump delayed some of the tariffs on Canada and Mexico.
The report on Wednesday may soften pressure on the Federal Reserve, which bears responsibility for keeping inflation under control.
Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell last week said the administration's tariff plan would likely raise prices for U.S. shoppers and retailers
The scale and duration of the tariffs remain unclear, but a portion of the taxes on imports will probably reach consumers, Powell told an economic forum in New York City last week.
""We're at a stage where we're still very uncertain about what will be tariffed, for how long, at what level,"" Powell said. ""But the likelihood is some of that will find its way. It will hit the exporters, the importers, the retailers and to some extent consumers.""
On multiple occasions in recent days, the White House declined to rule out a possible recession, saying the tariffs would require a ""period of transition.""
A solid, albeit disappointing jobs report on Friday exacerbated concerns among some observers.
Employers hired 151,000 workers last month, falling short of expectations of 170,000 jobs added. The unemployment rate ticked up to 4.1%, which remains a historically low figure.
The Trump administration slapped 25% tariffs on goods from Mexico and Canada, as well as 10% tariffs on imports from China. The fresh round of duties on Chinese goods doubled an initial set of tariffs placed on China last month.
A day later, Trump issued a one-month delay for tariffs on auto-related goods from Mexico and Canada. The carve-out expanded soon afterward with an additional one-month pause for goods from Mexico and Canada compliant with the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, or USMCA, a free trade agreement.
On Tuesday, Trump announced plans to add another 25% tariff on Canadian steel and aluminum, bringing the total to 50%. The move came in response to threats made by Ontario to cut off electricity to parts of the U.S., Trump said.
Hours later, Ontario Premier Doug Ford issued a joint statement with U.S. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick on X announcing the suspension of the 25% surcharge on electricity sent to the U.S.
The tariffs slapped on Canada, Mexico and China are widely expected to increase prices paid by U.S. shoppers, since importers typically pass along a share of the cost of those higher taxes to consumers.
A key gauge of consumer confidence registered its largest monthly drop since August 2021, the nonpartisan Conference Board said in February.
The share of consumers who expect a recession within the next year surged to a nine-month high, the data showed. A growing portion of consumers believe the job market will worsen, the stock market will fall and interest rates will rise, the report added.
ABC News' Katherine Faulders and Soo Youn contributed to this report.
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events"
11,2025-03-12,"In Brussels, it was just after 05:00 on Wednesday. But it was midnight in Washington DC when President Donald Trump's 25% tariffs on steel and aluminium took effect on major US trading partners.
The European Union was quick to respond.
""Tariffs are taxes. They are bad for business, and worse for consumers,"" said European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen.
The EU's initial countermeasures will take effect on US products on 1 April, ranging from jeans and motorbikes to peanut butter and bourbon, just as they were with the Trump administration's first tariffs in 2018 and 2020.

But there will be more to come in mid-April. A whole swathe of textiles, home appliances, food and agricultural products could be included, depending on a two-week consultation with stakeholders.
A list of items almost 100 pages long is being circulated that features meat, dairy, fruit, wine and spirits, toilet seats, wood, coats, swimwear, nightdresses, shoes, chandeliers and lawnmowers.
For consumers, higher prices loom on Europe's supermarket shelves, especially for American products. But for businesses and some industries, especially steel, there is real danger.
The head of Germany's BGA federation of wholesale, foreign trade and service, Dirk Jandura, warned that Germans might have to dig deeper into their pockets to pay for American products in the supermarkets.
Orange juice, bourbon and peanut butter were the most likely products to be hit. ""Margins in trade are so low that this cannot be absorbed by the companies,"" he said.
In total, the EU will target €26bn (£22bn) of US exports. 
""We're not going to go into hypotheticals other than to say we've been preparing assiduously for all these outcomes,"" said EU spokesman Olof Gill.
António Costa, the EU's Council President, called on the US to de-escalate, although there was little sign of that on Wednesday, as Trump vowed to hit back at the EU's countermeasures.
""We've been abused for a long time and we will be abused no longer,"" he said.
In Austria too, there was concern about the escalation.
""The US is the second most important export market for Austrian products after Germany - and the most important for Germany,"" said  Christoph Neumayer, who is head of the Federation of Austrian Industries.  It was ""essential that Europe acts together and decisively"", he added.
One EU official pointed out that products such as soybeans and orange juice could easily be sourced from Brazil or Argentina, so consumers would not be hit too hard.
And there was a suggestion that some of the US exports targeted were also from US states under Republican control: soybeans from Louisiana or meat from Nebraska and Kansas.
A relatively large number of US exports enter the EU via the Dutch port of Rotterdam or Antwerp in Belgium.
Dutch Economic Affairs Minister Dirk Beljaarts said nobody stood to benefit from a ""tariffs war"", but he was hopeful it would not hit his own country's economy too hard: ""It has an impact on companies and consumers - particularly consumers in the US.""
One area that will be hit especially hard on both sides of the Atlantic is in the drinks sector.
Pauline Bastidon of Spirits Europe said producers in the EU and US stood united, with risks facing European companies that produced US spirits and US companies that were heavily invested in Europe.
Chris Swonger, of the US Distilled Spirits Council, said that in the three years since the suspension of the EU's earlier 25% tariff on American whiskey, US distillers had ""worked hard to regain solid footing in our largest export market"".
Reimposing tariffs from 1 April was ""deeply disappointing"" and he called for a return to ""zero-for-zero"" tariffs.
For cognac producers in France, the prospect of a 25% US import tax is also a major problem as most of their produce is for export, either to the US or China.
French producers have already been hit by Chinese measures that have slapped heavy taxes on cognac.
""Morale is down in the dumps,"" Bastien Brusaferro of the general winegrowers' union told France Info. 
Thousands of jobs are at stake in the Charente region alone, he says: ""Cognac is a product that's made for export.""
There was a dire warning too from the head of the European Steel Association, Henrik Adam.
""President Trump's 'America First' policy threatens to be a final nail in the coffin of the European steel industry,"" he warned.
Trump's initial tariffs on European steel in 2018 saw EU steel exports to the US fall by more than a million tonnes, and for every three tonnes of steel that did not enter the US, two-thirds of it entered the EU instead.
""These new measures imposed by Trump are more extensive, therefore the impact of the US tariffs is likely to be far greater.""
The US president says peace efforts are ""very much on track"", a day after Russia's president declined to agree a full ceasefire.
The US president, who has previously criticised the central bank, called on it to cut interest rates.
The University of Pennsylvania says it has not been told of the plan to block $175m in federal funding. 
Experts praised a move towards transparency, but there are no major revelations in the documents - and some still have yet to be released.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
12,2025-03-12,"We were promised multimodal, natural language, AI-powered everything. We got nothing of the sort.
by  David Pierce
We were promised multimodal, natural language, AI-powered everything. We got nothing of the sort.
by  David Pierce
The onrushing AI era was supposed to create boom times for great gadgets. Not long ago, analysts were predicting that Apple Intelligence would start a “supercycle” of smartphone upgrades, with tons of new AI features compelling people to buy them. Amazon and Google and others were explaining how their ecosystems of devices would make computing seamless, natural, and personal. Startups were flooding the market with ChatGPT-powered gadgets, so you’d never be out of touch. AI was going to make every gadget great, and every gadget was going to change to embrace the AI world.
This whole promise hinged on the idea that Siri, Alexa, Gemini, ChatGPT, and other chatbots had gotten so good, they’d change how we do everything. Typing and tapping would soon be passé, all replaced by multimodal, omnipresent AI helpers. You wouldn’t need to do things yourself; you’d just tell your assistant what you need, and it would tap into the whole world of apps and information to do it for you. Tech companies large and small have been betting on virtual assistants for more than a decade, to little avail. But this new generation of AI was going to change things.
There was just one problem with the whole theory: the tech still doesn’t work. Chatbots may be fun to talk to and an occasionally useful replacement for Google, but truly game-changing virtual assistants are nowhere close to ready. And without them, the gadget revolution we were promised has utterly failed to materialize.
In the meantime, the tech industry allowed itself to be so distracted by these shiny language models that it basically stopped trying to make otherwise good gadgets. Some companies have more or less stopped making new things altogether, waiting for AI to be good enough before it ships. Others have resorted to shipping more iterative, less interesting upgrades because they have run out of ideas other than “put AI in it.” That has made the post-ChatGPT product cycle bland and boring, in a moment that could otherwise have been incredibly exciting. AI isn’t good enough, and it’s dragging everything else down with it.
Apple is probably the worst and most obvious offender here. For nearly a year, ever since the company debuted Apple Intelligence at WWDC last June, it has pitched just about every one of its new products the same way: “it runs Apple Intelligence!” The iPhone 16 ads were less about the iPhone 16 and more about showing off what Apple Intelligence could do — never mind that Apple Intelligence didn’t even ship until months after the iPhone 16. When Apple upgraded the iPad Mini, then the iPad Air, it promoted Apple Intelligence as the reason for both. (The also-new base iPad doesn’t support Apple Intelligence, and so Apple has effectively tried to bury its existence.) The website for the new MacBook Air promotes three things about the bestselling laptop on earth: its battery life, its chip, and Apple Intelligence.
Meanwhile, Apple Intelligence is currently just a couple of writing tools and a way to poorly summarize your text messages. (And, sure, Genmoji.) The feature people actually want, the one Apple has been relentlessly promoting, is a vastly improved Siri that can better understand and execute your requests, even using your apps on your behalf. That feature is nowhere to be found and “is going to take us longer than we thought,” Apple spokesperson Jacqueline Roy recently told John Gruber at Daring Fireball. The company pulled a commercial with Bella Ramsey in it that advertised the iPhone 16 Pro using this now-even-further-delayed feature.
It’s hard not to feel bait and switched by the whole thing. For months, people have seen advertisements for features that don’t exist, bought gadgets that don’t work the way they’re supposed to, and been generally duped into thinking a tiny spec bump was a game-changing upgrade. At this point, of course, Apple is too committed to Apple Intelligence to walk it back, and investors would crush the company if it did.
Siri’s ongoing crappiness appears to also be the reason behind the delay of Apple’s next big product launch. We’ve been hearing for months about a smart home hub that would leverage Apple Intelligence — and, in particular, that better, more aware Siri — to control your house and accomplish tasks on your behalf. (Imagine Alexa, but Siri, and you basically have it.) Bloomberg reported that the device was supposed to launch as soon as this month but is being pushed back in part because the underlying tech just doesn’t work.
These kinds of context-aware, voice-enabled ambient computing devices were supposed to be what AI made possible. That’s why Amazon, too, allowed itself to be totally captured by AI long before AI was ready to be a useful consumer product. Amazon was once among the most interesting, experimental hardware makers on the market — remember that one year it launched like 6,000 Alexa devices in one day, including a microwave and a wall clock? Amazon wasn’t always right, but it was never dull. Amazon hasn’t released a meaningfully new Echo device since September 2023, the day the company also announced a new version of Alexa that then-hardware chief Dave Limp called “a superhuman assistant.” Since then, we’ve gotten old ideas on slightly larger screens, with the same problems Amazon has had for years.
Amazon was all in on this new Alexa, betting that it could turn its smart speakers from a music and timers machine into something vastly more useful. You wouldn’t even necessarily need new hardware for it; your gadgets would just keep getting better. But then, of course, Amazon confronted the reality of the AI situation. It took nearly 18 months of work, and a lot of rumors and reports that suggested AI Alexa was actually pretty terrible, before the company launched pretty much the same thing all over again. Only this time, with new hardware chief Panos Panay doing the talking. And no devices to show. Amazon CEO Andy Jassy promised “beautiful” new hardware this fall but revealed no other details.
It’s not just big companies, either. For the last year or so, the hottest thing in startups has been “put a microphone on a lanyard, record your whole life, and use AI to do… something with it!” That’s the pitch for Friend, and Omi, and Limitless, and Plaud, and Bee, and so many others. Jony Ive and OpenAI are working on some kind of AI hardware together. Investors poured huge money into Humane, only to see that collapse less than a year after its first launch. Rabbit’s R1 was a flop. None of these devices have so far been compelling, and some of them just plain don’t work.
To be fair, product makers are in a tough spot right now. If you believe AI is a paradigm shift, that it will change the world the way smartphones or the internet did, you’d be foolish to wait around for the tech to be perfect. By then, it’ll be too late, and you’ll have lost the race.
Too many companies have made all their plans based on some theoretical and perfected end state of AI
The problem is that too many companies have made all their plans based on some theoretical and perfected end state of AI, rather than looking for ways to make it useful right now. There are already lots of ways AI can make products more useful and interesting: cutting-edge models can make your robot vacuum more efficient or help your video doorbell better distinguish between people and tree branches. AI can make your smart lights a lot smarter or figure out what you’re cooking and get the sear just right. In all these cases, though, AI is an enabling technology for some other feature — not the feature itself. Nobody’s buying a smart grill for the AI; they’re buying it for the steaks.
Maybe someday, “you can do AI with it” will be a selling point for gadgets. In the interim phase, it feels like we’re wasting an entire generation of hardware while we wait for the software to catch up. And there are so many other interesting problems to solve! What if, instead of hand-wavey promises about AI, we got smartphones that lasted twice as long or didn’t break so easily? What if startups focused less on AI and more on the millions of people looking for devices that are less addictive and more attuned to a specific purpose? What if Amazon and Apple stopped waiting for some magical technological overhaul and spent time making their existing devices easier to use?
There’s still so much room for innovation and improvement in the hardware we use every day, and yet nobody wants to try that stuff. They’d rather sit around and wait for AI to solve all our problems. No matter how long it takes.
A weekly newsletter by David Pierce designed to tell you everything you need to download, watch, read, listen to, and explore that fits in The Verge’s universe.
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved"
13,2025-03-12,
14,2025-03-12,"How she lifted cosmetics from a cheap accessory to a luxury item during the Great Depression.
In the early 20th century, Helena Rubinstein defied gender, class, and cultural expectations to become one of the first pioneers of the modern beauty industry. Today, her namesake luxury cosmetics brand is worth more than $1 billion. Harvard Business School professor Geoff Jones wrote a case study about the visionary leader. He explored her journey—and the lasting impact she made on global beauty standards—on Cold Call in 2019 with host Brian Kenny.
Key episode topics include: gender, leadership, feminism, beauty industry, entrepreneurship, entrepreneurial business strategy, marketing 
HBR On Leadership curates the best conversations and case studies with the world’s top business and management experts, to help you unlock the best in those around you. New episodes every week.
HANNAH BATES: Welcome to HBR On Leadership—case studies and conversations with the world’s top business and management experts, hand-selected to help you unlock the best in those around you.
In the early 20th century, Helena Rubinstein defied gender, class, and cultural expectations to become one of the first pioneers of the modern beauty industry. Today, her namesake luxury cosmetics brand is worth more than one billion dollars.
Harvard Business School professor Geoff Jones wrote a case study about the visionary leader, titled “Helena Rubenstein: Making Up The Modern Woman.” He explored her journey—and the lasting impact she made on global beauty standards, on Cold Call in 2019 with host Brian Kenny.
BRIAN KENNY: I thought this was a very interesting case. I think the business history part of what we do here at Harvard Business School probably doesn’t get enough visibility and it is always some of the most interesting content we come across here because it seems like the more things change, the more they stay the same, and these lessons that you and other business historians here are writing about are still highly relevant today. I think people will enjoy hearing about Helena. Let me ask you to start just by telling us what led you to write this case.
GEOFFREY JONES: Well, as you mentioned, I teach and write about the history and impact of global capitalism and Helena Rubinstein is a perfect case in that story for a couple of reasons. First of all, she is a remarkably global person who moves from Europe to Australia, back to Europe, to the United States, and she’s a remarkable entrepreneur. She’s on many people’s lists of probably the best female American entrepreneur of the 20th century. She’s an amazing person and the industry she’s in is really an amazing lens to view the impact of globalization. If you go back to the early 19th century, what people thought was beautiful or good-looking varied enormously across the world. By the 20th century, what people consider as beautiful has been incredibly homogenized, and people like Helena Rubenstein are central actors in that transformation of the concept of beauty.
BRIAN KENNY: Yeah. She was very, very interesting. Tell us about her background. What was her childhood like?
GEOFFREY JONES: Her childhood is in a Jewish ghetto in Poland. She was born of Sharjah Rubenstein. Poland then is part of the Russian Empire. It was poor and Jewish ghettos were even poorer. And she doesn’t stay there very long.
BRIAN KENNY: Yeah.
GEOFFREY JONES: She emigrates, first of all, to slightly more prosperous Vienna in Austria, then to Australia where she builds a business. Then she moves to London and Paris, and then in the middle of World War I, she moves to the United States where she creates one of the very first US-based luxury beauty brands.
BRIAN KENNY: Coming from her family background, you probably wouldn’t have expected this. She was an Orthodox Jew.
GEOFFREY JONES: She was an Orthodox Jew, but from the very beginning, she was a very rebellious Orthodox Jew.
BRIAN KENNY: Yeah.
GEOFFREY JONES: She’s one of eight sisters, but she was the one who really declined to assume her expected role. She avoided domestic chores. She wouldn’t do what she was told. And then when her mother tried to fix her up to marry an older Orthodox man, she just had enough and she refuses, and she went to Australia, which was just about the opposite of the world where she could go. She was a woman who wanted to decide her own destiny.
BRIAN KENNY: Which was unusual for those times, obviously. Women were in a very different place back then than they are today, right?
GEOFFREY JONES: Well, nowhere could women even vote even in the most developed industrialized countries, and she’s coming from a highly socially conservative background where the voting was the least of the restrictions on her.
BRIAN KENNY: Going to Australia turned out to be a pretty pivotal thing for her. That’s where she first dipped her toe in the water of beauty and the cosmetics industry. Can you describe how that came to be?
GEOFFREY JONES: Well, Helena Rubenstein, after a very long ocean voyage ends up in this tiny rural village in Australia.
BRIAN KENNY: Mm-hmm.
GEOFFREY JONES: And she can’t even speak English, and the place was, funnily enough, not a bad place to start in cosmetics. Firstly, it’s very hot with very hot suns. You can imagine that women in that town will have had quite parched skins.
BRIAN KENNY: Mm-hmm.
GEOFFREY JONES: Secondly, one of the basic ingredients of skin cream, lanolin, is naturally the oil of sheep that they automatically make. She was in a place full of sheep, so you have a perfect supply of raw material. And then she had the most amazing capacity for imagination. Quite soon after she arrives, she has started to spin a story that she brought with her 12 bottles of cream made by her mother, which is most unlikely ’cause it couldn’t have survived the sea journey. Then she spun a story about the nature of that cream. She called it Val Zest, which she described as the Hungarian word for gift from heaven. Actually, no such word exists in Hungarian, but it sounded very good, and if you were a rural person in Australia, it would sound exotic and good, and that’s what the beauty industry is going to spend the next 150 years doing, coming up with exotic sounding creams with secret ingredients, which keep you young. She hit very quickly on the formula for success.
BRIAN KENNY: Yeah. And her marketing instincts obviously were innate because she started to think about things like packaging and how things looked, and even the notion of creating a word that had an exotic sound to it. That’s all the roots of marketing.
GEOFFREY JONES: Absolutely the roots of marketing. But the time she was doing it, there was no textbook saying that’s what you do.
BRIAN KENNY: Yeah.
GEOFFREY JONES: She is actually making the rules up, which are now ritualized and institutionalized in the cosmetics industry, but people forget that it all began with her.
BRIAN KENNY: This was in the early 1900s. I think it was around 1905 when she went to Australia. I might be a little off on that, but can you describe, was there a beauty industry at that time?
GEOFFREY JONES: Yes and no. What we know is that people had been using adornments of one kind or another to make themselves attractive for thousands of years. At least the rich people, most people can’t afford that. It was essentially a craft like cooking. People made things in their kitchen, maybe like Helena Rubinstein’s mother, or they had their servants make them. What happens with modern industrialization getting going in the 19th century is that it starts slowly to turn into an industry with brands, an industry where specialists actually make these things and sell them. It’s still very slow, and one of the problems which you mentioned is that the use of cosmetics by the 19th century was rather closely associated with gray areas of life, whether actresses or prostitutes. It wasn’t really very respectable.
BRIAN KENNY: What gave her the insight to, I guess the courage, even for a better word, to take this to Europe?
GEOFFREY JONES: Well, I think she’d seen the future in Australia, and she’s a very fast learner. When she leaves her village, she moves to the biggest city in Australia, then Melbourne, and quickly recognizes there’s a lot of money to be made in services as well as in products themselves. She sets up a salon. She realizes very quickly she can make a great deal of money. As I think the case mentions, she sold products at eight times their cost. And she’s already made a great deal of money in Australia, but Melbourne by global standards is small. London, the financial capital of the world, Paris, the fashion capital of the world are the big time. This, I go back to saying she’s an ambitious person who’s not going to be constrained by her circumstances. I think having proved in Australia that she could do it, she’s off for the big time.
BRIAN KENNY: How did she scale the organization back then? I know she brought her sisters in, she was loyal to them.
GEOFFREY JONES: This is an industry where you need control and you need trust, and so using the family was very good. She also met a guy, Titus, who she marries, and he’s actually a marketing genius in many ways. And he comes up with lots of ideas like she should call herself Madame. She is able to rely on other people who are close to her anyway, both her husband and her sisters, to expand more than she can, but she is a woman of enormous energy as two. She has a couple of kids in Europe, but she doesn’t apparently spend much time with them at all because she’s working and traveling all the time before she moves permanently to Europe. She travels there from Australia. She looks at some work of scientists or dermatologists we would call them now. She’s a bundle of energy, always, always active.
BRIAN KENNY: And she starts to develop her own personal brand around this. You mentioned the Madame thing. She demanded to be called that. I think the case said that she went by that name.
GEOFFREY JONES: Madame is very important because at this time the only luxury brands in the global beauty industry came from France. By the middle of the 19th century, some of the perfume companies, which was already a luxury industry, have gone into cosmetics and other beauty products. It was the cachet of Paris that made these products, luxury products.
BRIAN KENNY: Mm-hmm.
GEOFFREY JONES: Giving herself a name, first of all called Helena, and then Madame was part of the key of creating a product associated with luxury, not associated with actresses, for example. It’s quite a carefully executed strategy. She’s in the business all the way through building aspirations right from Australia. She links with journalists, she links with opinion makers, and by the time she’s in Europe and later in the United States, she’s linking with the leading artists, Pablo Picasso and whatever. She’s always building aspirations, but she’s interesting because other people build aspirations. But another plank of her strategy was to build the so-called scientific basis of her brand. She comes up extremely early with the idea or the phrase, beauty as science.
BRIAN KENNY: Mm-hmm.
GEOFFREY JONES: And is increasingly claiming that she’s engaged in deep scientific research to make you beautiful as well.
BRIAN KENNY: And again, she was to some extent spinning the scientific side of things. The case alludes to the fact that she didn’t actually study this in the way a scientist would.
GEOFFREY JONES: Absolutely not, and there’s something that increases over time. By the 1920s, we have a bunch of photographs of her in a laboratory with a white coat. I mean, this is many of the ways in which she pioneers the modern beauty industry because a whole stream of subsequent brands are going to go exactly down that route that they’re scientifically based.
BRIAN KENNY: In a number of ways, she was really ahead of the curve if you think about the influencer strategy that she had or the celebrity strategy that she used by aligning herself with public figures. Then she goes to the United States, and really that’s when things start to take off in a big way. Can you talk about her experience arriving in the US?
GEOFFREY JONES: She arrives in 1915, 1916. That’s before the United States entered the war and immediately starts building a story that she was this famous European beauty entrepreneur, and now she’s taking all this story of what she’d done to the United States. New York where she sets up is well down the curve of people were using beauty products and it’s very affluent. You have a making of a good market there. The challenge is that up to then Americans primarily considered domestic brands as mass cheaper brands. When they bought a luxury brand, they bought something that had been imported from France. Her challenge or her opportunity was to build an American brand that was a luxury brand equivalent to French brands.
BRIAN KENNY: Mm-hmm.
GEOFFREY JONES: And she sets off very soon doing precisely that. Again, she’s very focused initially on salons because first of all, building salons gave her a distribution channel so she didn’t have to sell through other means.
BRIAN KENNY: Yeah.
GEOFFREY JONES: Secondly, she could create the environment in which people purchased her products. She started filling these salons with avant-garde art and other things, and all designed to make the total experience one of affluence and aspiration. And she does that very well. 30 years before, beauty salons were places of ill-moral repute. By the 1920s, there are these luxury places where affluent women are proud to see going and spending hours there, and they paid enormously for all the services that she provided, which were increasingly sophisticated, and they bought her product. She really uses the salon to shape the brand and to give it the signals of affluence and luxury that she was trying to create.
BRIAN KENNY: Now, she wasn’t the only one in town doing this though in New York, right? She had somebody that she had to compete with, and you talk about the powder wars in the case. Can you talk about that?
GEOFFREY JONES: A few years before Helena Rubenstein had turned up, a lady called Elizabeth Arden had turned up. Elizabeth Arden, like Helena Rubenstein, was not born Elizabeth Arden.
BRIAN KENNY: Yeah.
GEOFFREY JONES: She was born Florence Nightingale or Graham on a farm in Canada outside Toronto. Not affluent at all. She moves to New York, works in somebody else’s beauty salons. Quickly realizes the potential of the market. In 1909 changes her name to Elizabeth Arden, and she starts down the path of also building a luxury brand. She also starts to build salons. She had quite a different concept of luxury. They have two different views on life and they come to hate each other. Oddly, although their salons and actually their homes were very close to each other in New York City, they never actually meet, but they do say horrible things about each other and indeed becomes known as the powder wars. Both of them, you could say, are equally influential in creating American luxury brands. That’s where it begins with these two women who hate each other, compete with each other and just have different visions of beauty, just different personalities. Yeah.
BRIAN KENNY: That’s remarkable that they never met, I think that’s amazing.
GEOFFREY JONES: Yeah. Yeah.
BRIAN KENNY: We’re now getting up to the period of the nineteen-twenties, in fact, leading up to the Stock Market crash. But prior to that, she strikes a deal with Lehman brothers. Can you talk about what happens from there?
GEOFFREY JONES: Our case is actually interesting because we were able to find archives in Baker Library here at Harvard Business School, which showed for the first time what really did happen. At some stage, 1928, she decides to sell part of her stock to Lehman brothers. Lehman Brothers at this time is building up a consumer products business. It’s often described as her selling the whole business. Actually, she didn’t sell the whole business. She sold part of the American business. She kept her other businesses, and it remains unclear why she did that. She wrote that she was trying to keep her marriage. Other people believe that she sensed the US economy was in a bubble, and this was a really good time to cash out. And cash out she did. She makes a great deal of money selling to Lehman brothers, and within nine months the stock market crash had occurred. Lehman Brothers didn’t really understand the beauty industry, so in the meantime, they’d managed to roll out her brand in all sorts of places and when the stock market crash occurred, that turned out to be a problem because although industry sales went down a bit, what did happen was a massive flight to quality. And Helena Rubenstein brand sales shot down. Famous often told story, she starts buying back her shares at a dramatically reduced price. She basically, by ’32, ’33, has got control of the company again. Has probably made a profit in our terms of about a hundred million dollars from that business.
BRIAN KENNY: Wow. Does her influence carry over to the industry today? Because you continue to study the industry.
GEOFFREY JONES: I think she created some of the most basic fundamentals of the skin care industry today, which is so amazing about her. We’ve already talked about the medical claims. She already comes up in Australia with the idea that human beings have different skin types, oily, dry and everything else, and that’s still a feature of the skincare industry now, even though it’s not particularly true in any useful sense of the word. She is also the one who really builds into the industry fear of aging as a selling point.
BRIAN KENNY: Mm-hmm.
GEOFFREY JONES: She consistently lies about her age. When she emigrates to Australia, she already claims she’s 20 when she’s 24, and from then on she lies consistently. She’s obsessed with age, and she’s convinced fear of aging is the way to sell her products. And absolutely, that’s still a dominant theme in the beauty industry. Yeah, I mean, she is, I think it’s fair to say the founder of the modern skincare industry and the principles she established is still with us now.
BRIAN KENNY: I think about every time I walk into a department store and I see the clerks behind the cosmetics counters with the white robes on. I mean, that was something that she influenced back in the early 1900s.
GEOFFREY JONES: Absolutely. I mean, she also invested very heavily in training salespeople in department stores. That’s one of the things she realized that each one of those were brand ambassadors for what she was selling. They all told the same story and they all looked the same. Control. She always made sure she controlled her brand, which we know is also the key to luxury branding now.
BRIAN KENNY: Yeah, yeah. She was really ahead of her time in all those things. You’ve discussed this case in class. Any interesting insights, particularly from this generation of students who have grown up wearing makeup?
GEOFFREY JONES: I think it’s fair to say in the MBA classroom, she’s a very contested figure. Some MBAs will emphasize that she’s an absolutely brilliant female entrepreneur. She’s a rags to riches story. She’s the founder of modern skincare industry. She creates an industry which employs hundreds of thousands of women, people working for her in salons, department stores, all the rest of that. Some people will argue too that the products she created are big pluses for female consumers, and the reason is that they give women choice and they provide confidence. And confidence is something that’s very hard to find and something we want to give. That’s what she’s doing. That’s a very compelling case, but at some point in the discussion, people will start noticing what she’s doing. As I said, she is the pioneer of fear of aging. She’s basically saying that a woman in particular, although she was interested in the male market, she mainly sells to women, by about 30, has to spend the rest of her life fighting against aging and disguising it. And that’s an extremely distorted view of what beauty is. She is a source of pressure that have been put on women because of the cosmetics industry. And then of course, Helena Rubinstein builds her career by lying.
BRIAN KENNY: Yeah.
GEOFFREY JONES: She lies about her mother’s cream. She lies about her medical qualifications. She lies about her age, and the more cynical students, including someone who worked in the beauty industry, say that it’s an industry which is very casual with the truth and its claims. I think it’s very contested, and that’s true of the beauty industry on the whole. It is an industry which has given people a lot more choice how they look. It’s an industry which when you put skin cream on, you can face the day in a more confident way, but it’s also an industry that takes confidence away from people if it’s too restrictive about how it defines beauty. And Helena Rubinstein was restrictive about how she defines beauty. She’s not saying some 60 or 70-year-old woman as beautiful. She’s saying, you’ve got a problem and you’ve got to fix it.
BRIAN KENNY:
Yeah.
GEOFFREY JONES: I think that’s why she rages a lot of discussion in the classroom. And it’s not an easy, it’s not a black and white situation, which way you fall about her.
BRIAN KENNY: Yeah. Like so many of our cases, really interesting insights. Thank you, Geoff, for joining us today.
GEOFFREY JONES: Great pleasure. Thank you.
HANNAH BATES: That was HBS professor Geoff Jones in conversation with Brian Kenny on Cold Call.
We’ll be back next Wednesday with another hand-picked conversation about leadership from the Harvard Business Review. If you found this episode helpful, share it with your friends and colleagues, and follow our show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts. While you’re there, be sure to leave us a review.
And when you’re ready for more podcasts, articles, case studies, books, and videos with the world’s top business and management experts, find it all at HBR.org.
This episode was produced by me, Hannah Bates. Curt Nickisch is our editor. Special thanks to Ian Fox, Maureen Hoch, Erica Truxler, Ramsey Khabbaz, Nicole Smith, Anne Bartholomew, and you – our listener. See you next week."
15,2025-03-12," by Christian Stadler and Martin Reeves
In his short story “The Evitable Conflict,” published 75 years ago, sci-fi writer Isaac Asimov described how machines might run entire industries. Today, there is mounting evidence that AI can outperform humans on many individual cognitive tasks. An experiment by a team from Cambridge University suggests that large language models (LLMs) can outperform humans in most tasks including product design, cost control, and market intelligence.
Explore HBR
HBR Store
About HBR
Manage My Account
Follow HBR
Harvard Business Publishing:
Copyright ©2025 Harvard Business School Publishing. All rights reserved. Harvard Business Publishing is an affiliate of Harvard Business School."
16,2025-03-12,"Renewed calls for Google to sell Chrome have reignited demands for the company to also divest Android. An executive at Murena, a French smartphone startup, said today that breaking up the businesses is the only way to end Google’s “cycle of domination”. The a…"
17,2025-03-12,"by Calculated Risk on 3/12/2025 12:53:00 PM


Today, in the Calculated Risk Real Estate Newsletter: Part 2: Current State of the Housing Market; Overview for mid-March 2025
A brief excerpt: Earlier this week, in Part 1: Current State of the Housing Market; Overview for mid-March 2025 I reviewed home inventory, housing starts and sales.

In Part 2, I will look at house prices, mortgage rates, rents and more.

These “Current State” summaries show us where we came from, where we are, and hopefully give us clues as to where we are going!

NOTE: I started the year adopting the position of Fed Chair Powell, taking a “wait and see” approach on what policies would actually be enacted.  Now I’m trying to understand the impact of policy changes on housing.  It appears building costs will increase significantly, and demand for housing will likely decline.  I’ll have more soon.
...
The Case-Shiller National Index increased 3.9% year-over-year (YoY) in December and will be about the same YoY - or slightly higher - in the January report (based on other data).  

The MoM increase in the seasonally adjusted (SA) Case-Shiller National Index was at 0.46% (a 5.7% annual rate), This was the 23rd consecutive MoM increase in the seasonally adjusted index.There is much more in the article.

"
18,2025-03-12,"
This article is part of Gizmodo Deals, produced separately from the editorial team.
      We may earn a commission when you buy through links on the site.
    
You don’t have to search above and beyond for an affordable, yet reliable VPN. ExpressVPN ticks all the boxes and if you act now, you can even snatch a 61% discount on it. We know ExpressVPN has never been the most affordable VPN.
However, 2025 marks an important chapter for ExpressVPN, which now slashed its prices and included 4 free months for its outstanding 2-year plan. All the juicy details are below, so if you’re in, we’ll explain everything.
See At ExpressVPN
ExpressVPN allows you to connect with a single click and enjoy the world of privacy. It’s a VPN known for keeping no logs and using bank-grade encryption. This simple-to-use tool costs very little, thanks to a fresh deal below.
ExpressVPN is 61% off thanks to 4 free months for its 2-year plan.
The price goes down from a whopping $12.95/mo to just $4.99/mo, making the entire package cost a coffee a month. You don’t have to give up that juicy steak or a delicious meal to enjoy privacy.
If you’re not here for the long haul, ExpressVPN covers you with a 30-day money-back guarantee. This feature lets you get a refund if things go south, so although you’ll spend a fraction of a penny, you’ll end up losing nothing.
Don’t let this severe discount fool you because ExpressVPN is a well-known name in the industry. If you’re wondering if ExpressVPN is safe, it is, and above that, offers some of the best features we’ve had the chance to see.
To remind or inform you, ExpressVPN offers:
ExpressVPN is a company renowned for its attention to privacy. It spent more than a decade on the market perfecting its formula, and while not always offering a very affordable service, its quality was almost unbeatable.
We think this is a unique chance to obtain a dependable VPN. If you’re hesitant, perhaps read our ExpressVPN review and see how it fits your expectations.
Visit ExpressVPN Website
A VPN is pretty much a necessary tool nowadays. With cybersecurity at its apex, it’s smart to have a thick encryption layer and avoid surveillance.
ExpressVPN, like many other providers, endorses that through cutting-edge security features. This isn’t all, as this service is also capable of unblocking streaming sites, torrenting, and providing DDoS protection for gamers.
Before we sign off, we invite you to explore the top reasons for using a VPN. We’re sure some of them will surprise you, as much as this ExpressVPN deal surprises newcomers!

          Get the best tech, science, and culture news in your inbox daily.
        

          News from the future, delivered to your present.
        

      Please select your desired newsletters and submit your email to upgrade your inbox.
    

Best of CES 2025 Awards ➜
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
©2025 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
19,2025-03-12,"Business Insider Edition 
Inflation slowed more than expected last month.

        The consumer price index, an inflation measure, increased 2.8% year-over-year in February. That's under the forecast of 2.9% and January's rate of 3%.
    

        It's a reversal after four consecutive months of inflation heating up and is a step toward the Fed's target.
    

        ""The path to sustainably returning inflation to our target has been bumpy, and we expect that to continue,"" Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell said on Friday at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business 2025 US Monetary Policy Forum.
    

        The index rose 0.2% over the month from January to February. That's below the expected 0.3% and the previous 0.5%. A Bureau of Labor Statistics news release said shelter accounted for almost half of the monthly rise. The shelter index increased 0.3% from a month prior, cooler than January's 0.4%.
    

        While energy prices overall increased in February from a month ago, gas saw a decline over the month after rising 1.8% in January and 4% in December.
    

        ""The shelter increase was partially offset by a 4.0-percent decrease in the index for airline fares and a 1.0-percent decline in the index for gasoline,"" BLS said.
    

        Energy also declined in February from a year ago, with the index dropping by 0.2%. Egg prices increased 58.8% in February from a year prior. The index for food at home, which accounts for groceries, was steady, though. It increased 1.9% year over year again.
    

        Core inflation also slowed. Core CPI, which excludes volatile food and energy prices, increased 3.1% in February from a year prior, below the forecast of 3.2% and January's 3.3%. It increased 0.2% month over month, under the 0.3% forecast and January's 0.4%.
    

Stock futures rose following the new CPI report.
    

        One of President Donald Trump's priorities in his second term has been trade, with several rounds of threatening or imposing new tariffs on countries like China, Canada, and Mexico. Economists fear that those could raise prices for US consumers, threatening higher inflation in coming months.
    

        ""The focus by the president on tariffs risks reigniting inflation which would be most unfortunate given the progress which has been seen over the past couple of years,"" Mark Hamrick, Bankrate's senior economic analyst, previously said in a statement to Business Insider.
    

        The Federal Open Market Committee will meet next week to decide whether to change interest rates. Members will likely consider the new consumer price index data and recently published employment figures in their decision-making process. While unemployment has slowly ticked up over the past couple of years, it was still historically low in February, data published Friday showed. Job growth was below expectations in February, and the prime-age labor force participation rate was steady.
    

        Cory Stahle, an economist at the Indeed Hiring Lab, told BI on Friday that the Fed will probably still think the labor market is robust and have time to make rate adjustments. However, job cuts happening in the public sector, tariffs' potential impacts on businesses, and other changes could have an effect.
    

        Stahle said the Fed may feel ""like their time is running out given how quick a lot of these changes are happening.""
    

CME FedWatch, which estimates predictions for Fed interest rates based on market activity, showed traders expected a 97% chance the Fed will hold rates steady later this month, unchanged from before the report.
    

        ""With a lower-than-expected inflation number (both month-over-month and year-over-year), at least the Fed still has the flexibiilty to step in to support a weaker economy, and that would be good news for markets, which have been through the ringer in the past month and a half,"" Chris Zaccarelli, chief investment officer for Northlight Asset Management, said.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
20,2025-03-12,"A new four-lane highway cutting through tens of thousands of acres of protected Amazon rainforest is being built for the COP30 climate summit in the Brazilian city of Belém.
It aims to ease traffic to the city, which will host more than 50,000 people - including world leaders - at the conference in November.
The state government touts the highway's ""sustainable"" credentials, but some locals and conservationists are outraged at the environmental impact.
The Amazon plays a vital role in absorbing carbon for the world and providing biodiversity, and many say this deforestation contradicts the very purpose of a climate summit.
Along the partially built road, lush rainforest towers on either side - a reminder of what was once there. Logs are piled high in the cleared land which stretches more than 13km (8 miles) through the rainforest into Belém.
Diggers and machines carve through the forest floor, paving over wetland to surface the road which will cut through a protected area. 
Claudio Verequete lives about 200m from where the road will be. He used to make an income from harvesting açaí berries from trees that once occupied the space.
""Everything was destroyed,"" he says, gesturing at the clearing.
""Our harvest has already been cut down. We no longer have that income to support our family.""
He says he has received no compensation from the state government and is currently relying on savings.
He worries the construction of this road will lead to more deforestation in the future, now that the area is more accessible for businesses.
""Our fear is that one day someone will come here and say: 'Here's some money. We need this area to build a gas station, or to build a warehouse.' And then we'll have to leave.
""We were born and raised here in the community. Where are we going to go?""
His community won't be connected to the road, given its walls on either side.
""For us who live on the side of the highway, there will be no benefits. There will be benefits for the trucks that will pass through. If someone gets sick, and needs to go to the centre of Belém, we won't be able to use it.""
The road leaves two disconnected areas of protected forest. Scientists are concerned it will fragment the ecosystem and disrupt the movement of wildlife.
Prof Silvia Sardinha is a wildlife vet and researcher at a university animal hospital that overlooks the site of the new highway.
She and her team rehabilitate wild animals with injuries, predominantly caused by humans or vehicles.
Once healed, they release them back into the wild – something she says will be harder if there is a highway on their doorstep.
""From the moment of deforestation, there is a loss.
""We are going to lose an area to release these animals back into the wild, the natural environment of these species,"" she said.
""Land animals will no longer be able to cross to the other side too, reducing the areas where they can live and breed.""
The Brazilian president and environment minister say this will be a historic summit because it is ""a COP in the Amazon, not a COP about the Amazon"".
The president says the meeting will provide an opportunity to focus on the needs of the Amazon, show the forest to the world, and present what the federal government has done to protect it.
But Prof Sardinha says that while these conversations will happen ""at a very high level, among business people and government officials"", those living in the Amazon are ""not being heard"".
The state government of Pará had touted the idea of this highway, known as Avenida Liberdade, as early as 2012, but it had repeatedly been shelved because of environmental concerns.
Now a host of infrastructure projects have been resurrected or approved to prepare the city for the COP summit.
Adler Silveira, the state government's infrastructure secretary, listed this highway as one of 30 projects happening in the city to ""prepare"" and ""modernise"" it, so ""we can have a legacy for the population and, more importantly, serve people for COP30 in the best possible way"".
Speaking to the BBC, he said it was a ""sustainable highway"" and an ""important mobility intervention"".
He added it would have wildlife crossings for animals to pass over, bike lanes and solar lighting. New hotels are also being built and the port is being redeveloped so cruise ships can dock there to accommodate excess visitors.
Brazil's federal government is investing more than $81m (£62m) to expand the airport capacity from ""seven to 14 million passengers"". A new 500,000 sq-m city park, Parque da Cidade, is under construction. It will include green spaces, restaurants, a sports complex and other facilities for the public to use afterwards.
Some business owners in the city's vast open-air Ver-o-peso market agree that this development will bring opportunities for the city.
""The city as a whole is being improved, it is being repaired and a lot of people are visiting from other places. It means I can sell more and earn more,"" says Dalci Cardoso da Silva, who runs a leather shoe stall.
He says this is necessary because when he was young, Belém was ""beautiful, well-kept, well cared for"", but it has since been ""abandoned"" and ""neglected"" with ""little interest from the ruling class"".
João Alexandre Trindade da Silva, who sells Amazonian herbal medicines in the market, acknowledges that all construction work can cause problems, but he felt the future impact would be worth it.
""We hope the discussions aren't just on paper and become real actions. And the measures, the decisions taken, really are put into practice so that the planet can breathe a little better, so that the population in the future will have a little cleaner air.""
That will be the hope of world leaders too who choose to attend the COP30 summit.
Scrutiny is growing over whether flying thousands of them across the world, and the infrastructure required to host them, is undermining the cause.
Sign up for our Future Earth newsletter to keep up with the latest climate and environment stories with the BBC's Justin Rowlatt, delivered every Tuesday. Outside the UK? Sign up to our international newsletter here.
The Climate Change Committee says the executive ""will need to broaden and accelerate action"".

A long-awaited report outlines nine low-carbon opportunities after the closure of Grangemouth oil refinery.
Towns in France and Belgium have been giving out free chickens for years to combat food waste – could the idea catch on elsewhere?
A spokesperson for the South African government told the BBC there had been an assault at the station.
A council pledges to protect ancient rights of freeminers to burn and mine coal in the area.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
21,2025-03-12,"


								
									AAPL: 216.16 ( +0.92 )								

									Copyright © 2025 Quiller Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
								
Improved Siri's late arrival will weigh on Apple stock, says Morgan Stanley
A noted analyst has slashed his expectation for Apple stock by about 10% given what he sees to be slower iPhone upgrade rates because of tariffs, and a delayed Siri with Apple Intelligence rollout. In a note to investors written by Morgan Stanley's Erik Woodring, Apple's headwinds have been re-evaluated. The most recent fears for Apple's bottom line appear to be the postponement of Siri upgrades, higher product import costs because of Trump administration tariffs, with both leading to lower earnings per share.While Woodring remains bullish on what may be a redesigned iPhone 17 driving sales, he's less certain about other avenues of success. He's decreased calendar year 2025 iPhone shipments a bit, with sales in 2025 being flat year-over-year, as opposed to an increase.The analyst appears to be leaning on a survey that they ran, citing ""access to advanced AI features"" as a driver of smartphone sales. We're not certain how accurate this is, given survey biases for surveys like this have historically tended to be toward the higher-end of iPhone sales, versus the larger market that has generally not cared if they have the newest features or not.Woodring feels that the upgrade cycle will continue to lengthen given Apple's staggered —  and sometimes delayed —  Apple Intelligence feature roll-out. He does eventually expect a contraction, but not until the 2027-2028 cycle year, and therefore not relevant to Wednesday's price target trim.As far as the impact of tariffs will apply to Apple, that remains fluid. Woodring assumes that Apple will get hit by $2 billion in product costs. He's not clear if the company will increase prices to offset that. Given that exporting countries don't pay the tariffs, and importing companies do, it's not out of the question.In the short term, Woodring believes that $200 is the absolute floor for Apple stock. The upper limit in the short term is $250 —  just short of the new $252 target.Morgan Stanley's last price target for Apple stock was set just after earnings, at $275. Woodring said then that iOS 18.4 in April was an ""important catalyst"" looking forward for iPhone sales. At the time, that update was expected to have the upgraded Siri and support for multiple languages, therefore expanding the demand for the iPhone in the newly-supported countries. The update will arrive on time, but the upgraded Siri has been delayed.Since the January note, Apple stock has been roughly flat. It peaked at just over $247 in late February. However, increased saber-rattling about tariff applications and other factors weighing on the economy have bled off all the gains since the better-than-expected earnings.Apple stock is down $2 on the price target decrease, and fears about the global economy as a whole.
In a note to investors written by Morgan Stanley's Erik Woodring, Apple's headwinds have been re-evaluated. The most recent fears for Apple's bottom line appear to be the postponement of Siri upgrades, higher product import costs because of Trump administration tariffs, with both leading to lower earnings per share.
While Woodring remains bullish on what may be a redesigned iPhone 17 driving sales, he's less certain about other avenues of success. He's decreased calendar year 2025 iPhone shipments a bit, with sales in 2025 being flat year-over-year, as opposed to an increase.
The analyst appears to be leaning on a survey that they ran, citing ""access to advanced AI features"" as a driver of smartphone sales. We're not certain how accurate this is, given survey biases for surveys like this have historically tended to be toward the higher-end of iPhone sales, versus the larger market that has generally not cared if they have the newest features or not.
Woodring feels that the upgrade cycle will continue to lengthen given Apple's staggered —  and sometimes delayed —  Apple Intelligence feature roll-out. He does eventually expect a contraction, but not until the 2027-2028 cycle year, and therefore not relevant to Wednesday's price target trim.

As far as the impact of tariffs will apply to Apple, that remains fluid. Woodring assumes that Apple will get hit by $2 billion in product costs. 
He's not clear if the company will increase prices to offset that. Given that exporting countries don't pay the tariffs, and importing companies do, it's not out of the question.
In the short term, Woodring believes that $200 is the absolute floor for Apple stock. The upper limit in the short term is $250 —  just short of the new $252 target.
Morgan Stanley's last price target for Apple stock was set just after earnings, at $275. Woodring said then that iOS 18.4 in April was an ""important catalyst"" looking forward for iPhone sales. 
At the time, that update was expected to have the upgraded Siri and support for multiple languages, therefore expanding the demand for the iPhone in the newly-supported countries. The update will arrive on time, but the upgraded Siri has been delayed.
Since the January note, Apple stock has been roughly flat. It peaked at just over $247 in late February. However, increased saber-rattling about tariff applications and other factors weighing on the economy have bled off all the gains since the better-than-expected earnings.
Apple stock is down $2 on the price target decrease, and fears about the global economy as a whole.
After his exit from the Navy in 1999, Mike spent 11 years as a tech analyst, and supported a large swathe of Apple customers in the Washington DC area. With over two decades on the Apple beat, Mike has served as Apple...
Well honestly my iPhone 11 was doing everything I wanted and needed. If I hadn’t had a weird occurrence I wouldn’t be upgrading this weekend. It was in my pocket when I woke up from a nap on the couch. Unfortunately the camera is toast and I use it to image documents for taxes. If it weren’t for this I was planning on holding out until at least this fall. 

Well honestly my iPhone 11 was doing everything I wanted and needed. If I hadn’t had a weird occurrence I wouldn’t be upgrading this weekend. It was in my pocket when I woke up from a nap on the couch. Unfortunately the camera is toast and I use it to image documents for taxes. If it weren’t for this I was planning on holding out until at least this fall. 
Analysts have always been wrong with Apple.  

Analysts have always been wrong with Apple.  
""slashes"" is a bit of an exaggeration given it has 15% upside from where we are

""slashes"" is a bit of an exaggeration given it has 15% upside from where we are
If you plan to hold shares indefinitely for decades to come, as I plan to do, why does any of this matter?

If you plan to hold shares indefinitely for decades to come, as I plan to do, why does any of this matter?
That's OK with me.  Meanwhile, Apple can buy back shares to get the share count under 15B shares.  I'm not overly concerned about the share price, as I mostly depend upon the dividends as passive income.  I have been holding Apple shares for about 20 years, and I've seen Apple's ups and downs.  I think it's a tough economy, and I don't expect consumers to buy items they don't actually need.  Credit card debt is high, and many people are losing their jobs.  If Apple loses value, I just consider it a sign of the times.  I think current sales have little to do with missing Apple Intelligence, and I'm not a fan of A.I. and I'm not angry or upset about Apple Intelligence not being as good as expected.  I doubt any company is profiting much from A.I. spending.  I have enough Apple stock to keep my life comfortable even if the price stagnates.  I have no reason to complain.  Even a $252 price target will satisfy my needs.

That's OK with me.  Meanwhile, Apple can buy back shares to get the share count under 15B shares.  I'm not overly concerned about the share price, as I mostly depend upon the dividends as passive income.  I have been holding Apple shares for about 20 years, and I've seen Apple's ups and downs.  I think it's a tough economy, and I don't expect consumers to buy items they don't actually need.  Credit card debt is high, and many people are losing their jobs.  If Apple loses value, I just consider it a sign of the times.  I think current sales have little to do with missing Apple Intelligence, and I'm not a fan of A.I. and I'm not angry or upset about Apple Intelligence not being as good as expected.  I doubt any company is profiting much from A.I. spending.  I have enough Apple stock to keep my life comfortable even if the price stagnates.  I have no reason to complain.  Even a $252 price target will satisfy my needs.
UTM is an emulator for virtualizing other operating systems. Here's how to use it to run Apple's Mac OS 9 on a Mac running on Apple Silicon.
It's much easier to share Apple Vision Pro with someone, especially if they're going to put it on more than once in a short period. Here's how guest mode works today.
The Hollyland Lark M2 was already a small, high-quality wireless microphone you could get for the iPhone, but now its M2S successor is even more tiny.
A Federal Civil Court judge ruled that Apple will not be required to enable sideloading in Brazil, meaning that the iPhone maker can continue to distribute apps exclusively via the App Store.
Plex has announced that it will no longer offer free remote streaming for personal media and says its subscription options will see a significant price increase effective April 29, 2025.
While much has been written throughout the years about Apple's cellular modem and how it would stack up versus Qualcomm, Apple's C1 modem in the iPhone 16e is no slouch when it comes to actual internet speeds.
Maybe Apple will never fully walk away from Europe, but the European Commission has just guaranteed that the citizens of its member states will always be the last to get new iPhone features — if they get them at all.
A recent survey found Apple's new iPhone 16e isn't impressing existing iPhone users, but it misses the point on the smartphone's intended consumer base.
Apple's latest $500B investment in the United States may sound like a big deal, but it's clearly just a continuation of what it's done for quite a few years already.
The annual Apple shareholder meeting has ended for 2025, with owners Apple shares voting on a variety of proposals at the event. As usual, the results went Apple's way.
Apple's latest earnings have impressed some investment advisors, with Morgan Stanley inching its Apple stock price target up to $275 mostly because of the long-term strength of Services.
"
22,2025-03-12,"Business Insider Edition 
Getting rid of a life's worth of stuff and shrinking your living quarters isn't most people's idea of a good time. But Holly Gates had fun saying goodbye to half of her things.

        ""I'm probably more of a minimalist than I ever wanted to admit to,"" the 75-year-old retiree told Business Insider, ""so downsizing was a lovely challenge for me.""
    

        Baby boomers have been getting some of the blame for the shortage of larger homes on the market. Many of them are resistant to downsizing — opting to age in place in homes that have exploded in value. And some who want to downsize are having a hard time finding accessible and affordable retirement housing.
    

        But others have gotten lucky, managing to cash in on the booming housing market and trade in for a home that better suits their needs.
    

        Two years ago, Gates and her husband sold their Oceanside, California, home and moved 40 miles north, where they bought a house for less than half the price and square footage. What convinced them to move wasn't just a desire to downsize. Not ready for assisted living but eager for community, the couple wanted to live in a walkable, close-knit place full of active people their age.
    

        That's just what they found at Laguna Woods, a 55-plus community of nearly 19,000 residents just south of Irvine. They have more than 200 clubs, including for music, astronomy, and Badminton, seven clubhouses for golf and bridge players to gather, several pools to pick from, and a bus system that ferries residents to medical appointments and shops. Gates recently celebrated her 75th birthday with 30 neighbors in a shared event space.
    

        ""We're all in this together, and we watch out for each other,"" she said. ""The enormity of the pluses outweighs the small things, like an extra bedroom.""
    

        The couple sold their Oceanside home for $1.07 millionand bought their current home for $525,000, all cash, according to documents viewed by BI. They have to pay a $1,200 monthly homeowners association fee, which covers their property taxes, water bill, and home maintenance, including recent plumbing repairs and a new roof, Gates said. The co-op model removes much of the burden and liability of homeownership.
    

        Leaving Orange County wasn't part of Bruce Levin's plan. But when he got sick and retired from his 20-year career as a chef for Amtrak, Levin realized he wasn't up to the task of maintaining his 1950s bungalow with a pool in Buena Park.
    

        It was 2021, and the value of his home of about 35 years had ballooned. So he sold it for $730,000 without making any repairs and moved 200 miles north to Central California to live near his daughter and two grandchildren. Mortgage rates were still low, and Levin, a widower, managed to buy an accessible, single-story home for $335,000 in the small city of Exeter. These days, he rides his electric golf cart to a local senior community for lunch and sees his girlfriend, who lives nearby.
    

        Levin is healthier now and misses his old neighborhood and taking advantage of his Amtrak pass to hop trains around the state. But he doesn't think he can live his old, fully independent life anymore. ""I'm not like I was, but I'm OK,"" he said. ""I'm not pole vaulting, I'm not running a marathon. I walk with a cane.""
    

        He added, ""LA has become a very young town.""
    

        Like Levin, Hedy Vahabzadeh, 72, and her husband moved to live near their daughters and grandchildren in retirement. The couple sold their home in Houston in 2017 and moved to the Florida panhandle. They managed to find an 11-acre piece of land in Freeport and built a new home. ""The property was a steal. It was covered in trees. There was nothing around it,"" Vahabzadeh said, adding that her husband ""had a vision.""
    

        Their Freeport home is one story with just a few steps on the front and back porches. ""We built it to be comfortable in our old age,"" she said.
    

        These days, the area is a sought-after vacation and retirement destination, and Vahabzadeh feels they got in just before demand for homes there exploded. ""It's a comfortable life,"" she said. ""We're not trying to keep up with the Joneses kind of people. And we've never been that. So we're just enjoying ourselves.""
    

        Gates, Vahabzadeh, and Levin all benefited from lucky timing. They bought real estate before the demand for — and prices of — homes skyrocketed amid the Covid pandemic. Levin and Gates managed to cash in on the booming market at a moment in their lives when less home was more.
    

        ""I'm thanking God that we did this stuff before all this inflation,"" Vahabzadeh said. ""We were just fortunate.""
    

Do you have a story to share about housing? Contact this reporter at erelman@businessinsider.com.
    

Correction: March 12, 2025 — An earlier version of this story misstated the location of Laguna Woods. It's 40 miles north of Oceanside, not 40 miles south.

 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
23,2025-03-12,"The cryptocurrency market has experienced significant turbulence recently, with prices of major assets like Bitcoin, Ethereum, and others plummeting. This crash has left many investors, especially new traders, wondering: Why is crypto crashing?
In this article, we’ll explore the key factors behind the crypto market downturns, analyze the reasons for the volatility, and provide practical advice on how to protect your investments with hardware devices like the Tangem Crypto Wallet during these uncertain times.
The cryptocurrency market is famous for its volatility. Unlike traditional financial markets, which tend to move more gradually, the crypto market can experience dramatic price swings in a matter of days or even hours.

 This volatility is partly due to the relatively young and speculative nature of the market and the influence of external factors such as regulatory news, macroeconomic trends, and investor sentiment.

For example, while traditional assets like stocks and bonds are influenced by company performance or interest rates, cryptocurrencies are often driven by market sentiment, speculation, and global developments. This makes them more susceptible to rapid price fluctuations, both upward and downward.
The recent crypto crash can be attributed to a combination of factors. Let’s break down the most significant ones:
Global economic conditions play a crucial role in the cryptocurrency market. Rising inflation, interest rate hikes by central banks, and economic uncertainty have led investors to pull back from riskier assets like crypto. For instance, when the U.S. Federal Reserve raises or refuses to cut interest rates to combat inflation, investors often shift their funds to safer, interest-bearing assets, causing a sell-off in cryptocurrencies.
Regulatory developments in major markets have also contributed to the crash. For example, crackdowns on crypto companies in regions like the EU, as well as proposed regulations in the U.S., can create uncertainty in the market. Investors often react negatively to regulatory news, leading to panic selling and further price drops.
Fear, uncertainty, and doubt (FUD) can have a significant impact on the crypto market. Negative news, such as security breaches, exchange hacks, or high-profile bankruptcies, can lead to a loss of confidence among investors. This sentiment-driven selling can exacerbate market downturns.
Large-scale transactions by major cryptocurrency holders, often referred to as whales, can also cause sharp market movements. When whales sell off significant amounts of crypto, it can trigger a domino effect, leading to further price declines as smaller investors follow suit.
The use of automated trading bots and stop-loss orders can amplify market crashes. When prices drop to a certain level, these automated systems trigger sell orders, leading to a cascade of selling that drives prices even lower.
The collapse of major centralized exchanges (CEXs) or hot wallet hacks can also contribute to market crashes. For example, when a large exchange is hacked or goes bankrupt, it can lead to a loss of investor confidence and a rush to sell off assets.
While market crashes can be unsettling, there are steps you can take to protect your investments and minimize losses:
One of the most effective ways to reduce risk is through diversification. Avoid putting all your funds into a single cryptocurrency or asset. Instead, spread your investments across different coins, tokens, and even traditional assets like stocks and bonds. This can help cushion the impact of a crash on any one asset.
Security becomes even more critical during times of market volatility. Storing your cryptocurrency on an exchange or in a hot wallet puts you at risk, as exchanges may halt withdrawals or disappear with your funds.
Instead, consider using a cold wallet for management and storage. Cold wallets, like the Tangem Crypto Wallet, generate and store your private keys offline. This added layer of security can give you peace of mind during turbulent market conditions.
 
Tangem is an excellent choice for investors looking to secure their assets. It offers advanced security features, ease of use, and compatibility with a wide range of cryptocurrencies. By storing your crypto offline, you can protect your investments from hacking and other online threats.
Market crashes can be emotionally charged, but staying calm and avoiding making impulsive decisions is essential. Stick to your investment strategy, and don’t let fear or panic dictate your actions. Keep yourself informed about market trends and developments, but avoid reacting to every piece of news.
The recent cryptocurrency market crash might have been driven by a combination of economic factors, market sentiment, and technical sell-offs. While these downturns can be challenging, they are also a natural part of the volatile crypto market.
As an investor, it’s crucial to remain calm, stay informed, and take steps to protect your assets. Diversification, secure storage solutions and a disciplined investment strategy can help you navigate these turbulent times.
Remember, market crashes are often followed by recoveries. By staying secure and making informed decisions, you can position yourself to weather the storm and potentially benefit from future market upswings.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment
Name *
Email *
Website
 



Δ






"
24,2025-03-12,"ByCallum Booth

ByCallum Booth
, Contributor. 
A Meta Platforms Inc. logo seen displayed on a smartphone with a falling stock market graph logo in ... [+] the background. (Photo Illustration by Thiago Prudencio/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)
The U.S. stock market has had a rocky week, losing $4 trillion in value. While this might appear to be a cause of concern, some corners of the internet are celebrating and mocking S&P and DOW markets nosebombing. The question, of course, is why?
This gleeful and sneering reaction the United States’ stock market plummeting isn’t something everyone on social media is participating in, instead being a subsection. Despite that, it gives us a fascinating glimpse into how the internet helps us make sense of the world.
First though, some context: Why is the stock market falling? What’s happening?
As with any aspect of the economy, it’s hard to put precise reasons on why the market is reacting this way. Some publications, such as CNN, point to the impact of tariffs imposed on various countries, including Canada.
While others observed how the stock market plummeting can be related to investor pessimism, and people looking for safer ways to store their money.
What is inarguable, though, is that U.S. stock market is struggling:
But let’s be clear: the goal of this piece isn’t to look at the causes or reasons behind the stock market collapse, there are plenty of other articles out there doing that. Instead, our aim is to dive a little bit deeper into a very particular reaction to this event that some are displaying online: celebratory mockery.
Another way of positioning this reaction is as an example of schadenfreude, a term used to explain taking glee in someone’s suffering—and that’s a key reason to explaining why some people are reacting to the stock market dip in this way.
The most surface level and obvious reason why some may be celebrating and mocking the stock market crash revolves around political allegiances. People disagree with the actions of the current U.S. administration and, therefore, see this as an opportunity to lash out.
Despite the veracity of this, I believe there’s another layer operating here that’s particularly fascinating—and that’s to do with wealth inequality, fairness and rebalancing.
Money-wise, the U.S. is an unequal economy, with the top 1% of households owning 15 times more wealth than the bottom 50% combined.
To put that another way, there’s a small subsection of people in the United States who are substantially wealthier than the majority of the population. It’s many in this top bracket who have the disposable income available to invest in the stock market who are being hit by this crash.
So… why the celebration? What’s causing this mockery and glee at misfortune?
One way of explaining this is about a desire for fairness. Studies show that one reason some people online celebrate the “humiliation” of celebrities is because it shows they can be impacted by forces out of their control too.
Researchers posit that one reason behind this is due to economic forces that regular people suffer. Because they are unable to control, say, how much fuel is, they experience a sense of unfairness with the world. So when powerful figures are brought down, the public find a sense of joy in this rebalancing.
The same psychology is occurring with this schadenfreude-filled reaction about the U.S. stock market crashing.
The majority of Americans are unlikely to have significant investments in the S&P or DOW, but will be aware that there are others making a large amount of money from these markets. The data backs this up. The wealthiest 10% of Americans own 93% of stocks.
When the stock market crashes then, it can be argued that this is a sense of fairness re-establishing itself. To put that another way, watching people who are likely wealthier than you suffer and be subject to things they can’t control can make some feel equal, despite the vast wealth differences in the U.S.
Of course, not everyone on social media is expressing joy at the plummeting stock market, but those that are are an interesting case study. They displays how social media can be used as a way to demand, and engage with, ideas of fairness—all through the power of making some silly jokes.
Read more of my writing on The Rectangle."
25,2025-03-12,"Elon Musk is planning to give $100 million to two political groups associated with President Donald Trump, according to a report from the New York Times. The move is unprecedented in American politics for many reasons, including the fact that federal “employees” like Musk typically don’t give millions of dollars to their “boss.” But it’s also notable because Trump just hosted a wildly unethical promotional event for Tesla at the White House on Tuesday.
Musk plans to donate a combined $100 million to the super PAC known as Make America Great Again Inc. and a political nonprofit group Securing American Greatness, according to the report from the Times. One thing that makes these donations so odd is that Musk already has his own group, known as America PAC, which was instrumental in running disinformation campaigns to help Trump win the election in November.
Why isn’t Musk just donating to his own PAC? That part isn’t clear. But the Times speculates it’s part of a desire for the billionaire to show he’s a “team player.” Musk and Trump don’t like each other very much on a personal level, according to countless insider gossip accounts over recent months. But they clearly have an understanding that they need each other to accomplish their goals. Musk wants control of the U.S. government in order to funnel money to his own businesses, and Trump needs Musk’s money to keep politicians in line.
Musk, for example, bought ads targeting Sen. Joni Ernst in Iowa when it looked like the Republican might not support the confirmation of Fox News host Pete Hegseth as Defense Secretary. Hegseth had been accused of sexual assault and railed against the presence of women in the military, two issues that apparently upset Ernst. But after Musk ran the ads, Ernst fell in line, and Hegseth was confirmed, albeit with Vice President JD Vance casting the tie-breaking vote in the Senate.
America PAC has now moved on to influencing the Wisconsin Supreme Court race, with Musk’s group dropping over $8 million to support a conservative judge in an election next month, according to the Associated Press. Donald Trump Jr. and Charlie Kirk are even swooping in to hold a town hall for the conservative judge on Monday.
The other very odd thing about Musk’s plan to spend money on groups for Trump is that it has no historical precedent in the U.S. political system. Musk is the wealthiest person in the world but also ostensibly an “employee” of the federal government. By giving money to Trump-affiliated groups, he appears to be buying even more influence than he already has. Musk is unilaterally shutting down payments to programs he doesn’t like and has dismantled USAID, an action that’s blatantly illegal since only Congress has the power to create and destroy agencies through appropriations. The Department of Education is being destroyed this week, and Musk has signaled that Social Security is next on the list.
Musk’s actions are being challenged in the courts, but there are no guarantees that even if the good guys win, much of the damage will be fixable. Once you destroy enormous institutions, it’s not like flipping a light switch to bring them back. Leases have been canceled, and tens of thousands of people have been fired. If you wanted to remake USAID tomorrow, it would require enormous resources to get the agency back up and running.
Many people are also suspicious of the timing of Musk’s donations, since Trump has been promoting Tesla in recent weeks, going so far as to hold an event Tuesday with Musk while standing in front of the electric carmaker’s vehicles. Trump said he was going to buy a Tesla, and news cameras even captured a sheet of paper that Trump was reading from, which looked identical to sales literature. Trump even posted a screenshot of a tweet from Fox News host Sean Hannity, who claimed he had recently purchased a Tesla.
This kind of salesmanship and self-dealing is obviously normalized at this point with Trump in office, but if you step back and remember what’s actually happening here, it’s truly bizarre. You have two billionaires standing outside the White House promoting their wares like it’s a used car lot. All because Tesla’s sales have plummeted and its stock price has tanked as Musk’s brand has become synonymous with fascism.
The U.S. is little more than a punchline around the world, but it’s an increasingly dangerous environment for vulnerable Americans. The trans community is under attack, children are getting food ripped from their mouths, and a green card holder was just thrown into ICE detention and faces deportation not for breaking the law but for saying things the government didn’t like.
Nobody knows what will happen in the near future, but the Democrats have put up very little resistance to the ongoing fascist takeover of the U.S. In fact, 17 Democrats voted to confirm Trump’s labor secretary, Lori Chavez-DeRemer, this week. These people have the gall to say they’re doing everything they can to fight back against Musk and Trump, all while voting to install their hand-picked stooges.
The protests as Tesla dealerships are making waves, but if the Democrats don’t start acting like a real opposition party, there will be no real fix to America’s current predicament. And time is running out.

Donald TrumpElon Muskoligarchy 

          Get the best tech, science, and culture news in your inbox daily.
        

          News from the future, delivered to your present.
        

      Please select your desired newsletters and submit your email to upgrade your inbox.
    

          Stephen Gardner is leaving to ensure Amtrak has ""the full faith and confidence of this administration.""
        

          Elon Musk told Fox News ""they basically want to kill me"" when discussing opposition to Tesla.
        

          The biggest backer of OpenAI, Microsoft is now building its own AI models and teaming up with Sam Altman's mortal enemy.
        

          The Trump White House has pushed for drastic cuts to global HIV prevention efforts; now it's reportedly eyeing cuts at home, too.
        

          No amount of government paperwork will give you the answers you seek or heal a 62 year old festering psychic wound.
        

          FTC commissioner Alvaro Bedoya told Gizmodo he'll pursue reinstatement in the courts.
        

Best of CES 2025 Awards â
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2025 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
26,2025-03-12,"
					
						
						Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading!
					
				

Nickname:



Password:



Nickname:



Password:



The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them.  We are not responsible for them in any way.

""there is a world market for maybe five computers"" [Thomas Watson Sr.]Webbrowser are for consumers, Lotus Notes for Enterprise (in meaning] [Irving Wladawsky-Berger, early IBM Internet Division VP on web browsers] IBM WebExplorer was canceled ...
That's what I've found AI code to be good for.  Established API for a project?  Give me a function that does XYZ.  Or something simple like ""Give me a PHP function that connects to an FTP site, uploads a file (with the name given as a parameter to the function), retries 5 times in case of failure, then returns a boolean if transfer was sucessful"".
I kind of view it like using a calculator for math problems.  I COULD do it by hand, but its just faster to use a tool.  At the end of the day though that tool doe 
Tom perhaps was technically right if those five computers were gigantic with gajillion cores, which IBM would be happy to make and sell.
Do note that although it's hard to confirm Bill Gates actually said ""640k is enough"", there are other quotes that suggest he was indeed surprised by how quick devs bloated up their software to use up all 640.
Gates was forced to practice tight DRY, YAGNI, and KISS to make early MS software, but a parsimonious approach was soon abandoned by the industry, because they could. B 
Okay, but my point still stands that he was surprised at how fast it was used up. I can't find the ""surprised"" quotes just yet, but have seen them before.
The origin of this quote was John Roach (Tandy CEO) and referred to the memory on the TRS-80 Model I.Do you have a reference for that? The TRS-80 Model I has only 4 to 48 kBytes of RAM.
The origin of this quote was John Roach (Tandy CEO) and referred to the memory on the TRS-80 Model I.
Do you have a reference for that? The TRS-80 Model I has only 4 to 48 kBytes of RAM.
The origin for the ""quote"" appears to be an InfoWorld editorial from 1985 - this article attempts to find the earliest example: https://quoteinvestigator.com/... [quoteinvestigator.com]
The ""maybe five computers"" line people often quote isn't correct at all.  He was referring to the IBM 701 specifically, and what he actually said was at the April 1953 shareholders meeting was:
IBM had developed a paper plan for such a machine and took this paper plan across the country to some 20 concerns that we thought could use such a machine.  I would like to tell you that the machine rents for between $12,000 and $18,000 a month, so it was not the type of thing that could be sold from place to place. 
That's all. They want to get piece of the pie. It's all about the money, and not about reality.
Thomas Watson, chairman of IBM was Jr. not Sr.
What he actually said was

  ""I would like to tell you that the machine rents for between $12,000 and $18,000 a month, so it was not the type of thing that could be sold from place to place. But, as a result of our trip, on which we expected to get orders for five machines, we came home with orders for 18.â
Said about their IBM 701 Electronic Data Processing Machine, a scientific computer.
Yes Jr. was the son and successor of founder Sr. at IBM, by the way
I think Watson Sr, might be vindicated yet.
There are what 5 really big cloud providers.  Those platforms might very much be thought of as one vary large computer at least in the sense we think about the mainframe that way.  Many CPUs, ultimately one control plane.
Isnt the trend to render every other device with a CPU into being something we more think of as an appliance, than a general use computer?
I am not saying we are there yet but if you zoom out far enough Watson might be right...
And at the time he said that, he was right. Seriously, what utter morons feel the need to trot that one out? Now, Bill ""the idiot"" Gates with his main memory prediction would be a different thing, because he was dead wrong even back when he said it.
Except he never said it.
Yes, probably. Does not matter though, he said plenty of stupid things that can be verified.
He was wrong, we may ultimately get only one computer in the world not five. A central computer doing all the processing while everything else, robots included,  is just the client.
The real pain will start when corporations discovers that with AI you'll hamper the growth of new fresh programmers getting training on how to code by starting with the simple cases that the AI can do.
Those cases are often easy but gives new programmers a lot of training in the corporate culture and coding style as well as a stepping stone in their growth. No programmer is ripe for the high profile advanced cases right out of university.
Exactly. Coding needs to be learned on simple things. If AI does those, you will get a lot fewer competent coders.
The second problem is that apparently, AI code is hard to modify later on. People using AI code will likely create massive technological debt this way. Hence it looks like AI code may be much more expensive than code written by humans.
The ""Someone else's problem field"" is strong in the corporate world.
There is no need for more than five mainframes anyway.
That happens to be wrong. But there is really no need for more than five idiots of your type.
That's a great joke, thank you!
If we had to use IBM's Granite LLMs, I would be just as pessimistic. Fortunately there are other, more capable companies working on this.
But I expect he'll be burned at the stake for saying it. Daring to say anything other than, ""The entire workforce will be replaced by AI in $x years"" where $x is some number
But I expect he'll be burned at the stake for saying it. Daring to say anything other than, ""The entire workforce will be replaced by AI in $x years"" where $x is some numberThanks, Slashdot, for only taking the first little bit of my post when I clicked submit.Rest of the comment: < 20. Based on what I've seen in AI output of code, he's more right than the people saying AI will replace all coders in the next few years. But daring to say that out loud will likely have a lot of management types throwing a complete conniption, because the promise has been made that the workforce *will* be replaced by AI ne the next decade or so, and anyone daring to say otherwise is considered 
But I expect he'll be burned at the stake for saying it. Daring to say anything other than, ""The entire workforce will be replaced by AI in $x years"" where $x is some number
Thanks, Slashdot, for only taking the first little bit of my post when I clicked submit.
Rest of the comment: < 20. Based on what I've seen in AI output of code, he's more right than the people saying AI will replace all coders in the next few years. But daring to say that out loud will likely have a lot of management types throwing a complete conniption, because the promise has been made that the workforce *will* be replaced by AI ne the next decade or so, and anyone daring to say otherwise is considered 
IF any company is close to have ML/AI to replace programmers is IBM, as, unlike the current wall street darlings, they have been at it longer, and with great emphasis in domain specificity (i.e. ML/AI specifically trained for law, ML/IE specifically trained for health, ML/AI specifically trained for programming, etc).
If the guys who are closest say that it will take a long time, barring a susprise discovery somewhere, I think will believe them...
JM2C, YMMV
This is so wrong. Not even an IBM employee would be this delusional.
This one is hard to call because AI is very good at analyzing and echoing code patterns for both debugging and code generation. However, the code ultimately still has to be vetted by humans for non-trivial apps, and there will be plenty of edge cases where the human has to do most of the work anyhow.
And some devs will struggle using AI effectively while others will zoom high and wide. The ratio of the first to the second is still an unknown.
Remember how much promise self-driving cars showed about 15 years ago? It was like they were ""almost there"", but the ""almost"" remains in place. The edge cases are mean SOB's, taking longer to solve than anticipated. We could face similar hurdles with AI-assisted-coding. AI's bugs/flubs are quite ""creative"" and may turn out to be common time drains to recovery from.
""Prediction is hard, especially about the future"" - Yogi Berra
I don't want any part of the AI market prediction biz, YOU can have it.
There are two additional problems:1) How are the potentially good coders that supervise AI and vet its code supposed to get experience, when all the simple coding jobs are done by AI? Right...2) AI code can well turn out to be _much_ more expensive becasue of technological debt, hard to spot and hard to fix vulnerabilities, poisoned AI models, etc.
The whole thing is a crapshot. And at 25% efficiency increase upftont, not even remotely worth the risks.
Per #2,  a lot of actual software is sloppy crap. If AI can make sloppy crap faster than humans can make sloppy crap, then it at least overtakes the very large niche of crapware.
Sure. But as soon as you use it (because the business-morons will insist) on software that is nto crap, that will eat all the profits and then some. And it will do so with a real delay, something the bussiness-idiots cannot deal with since their mental capability to see the future extends only to the next quarter.
I didn't say cheesy software was profitable, only that enough biz's want it. Perhaps idiot startups will keep reinventing the idiot wheel. PHB's are alive and well.
It's about increasing programmer productivity so you can fire some of your staff and so that there's an overall decline in demand for programmers and therefore wages for programmers. 
In principle, but that would buck a very very long trend.
We have had astounding increases in programmer productivity over the decades, starting from hand rolled machine code to assembly to basic languages, to more advanced languages through to where we are now with all the tools we have now. All these have both lowered the bar for who can program and increased the productivity of those at the same skill level.
So fat this has resulted in the number of programmers going up not down.
rsilvergun likes to pretend that he has experience with software development, hence he speaks about it authoritatively even though he has it horribly wrong. Sound familiar?
He strikes me as someone with experience. I happen to think he's mistaken about this particular point. I don't see why that should imply I want to join some sort of pile on. Go look for stooges elsewhere.
He strikes me as someone with experienceHe literally claimed that the job of a programmer is to just go through tickets that all have instructions to write a function with specific inputs and outputs. While that may be your experience, it definitely isn't mine. In fact, in my experience, we, the software engineers, talk with the customers and users directly and define the problem that we then decide how to best solve, which may or may not even involve writing code at all, or it may involve writing entirely new projects from scratch. And he believ 
He strikes me as someone with experience
He literally claimed that the job of a programmer is to just go through tickets that all have instructions to write a function with specific inputs and outputs. While that may be your experience, it definitely isn't mine. In fact, in my experience, we, the software engineers, talk with the customers and users directly and define the problem that we then decide how to best solve, which may or may not even involve writing code at all, or it may involve writing entirely new projects from scratch. And he believ 
I don't know what precisely insinuating.
But I know why your are only insinuating it: if you say something concrete, you know I'll ask you to provide some sort of evidence which we both know will be missing. So you know put up or shut up.
Anyway there's lots of different software engineering and programming and they are IMO distinct. Rsilvergun isn't living rent free in my head so no I don't have an encyclopedic knowledge of his opinions on the matter. I'm not especially impressed with AI, though being lazy I 
I don't know what precisely insinuating.But I know why your are only insinuating it: if you say something concrete, you know I'll ask you to provide some sort of evidence which we both know will be missing. So you know put up or shut up.Nope, these aren't weasel words. What else can you think of that speaks authoritatively about topics it provably doesn't understand and even gives ridiculously false information about? This shouldn't be hard at all but I still have to point out the obvious, so here you go:  https://www.missionnorth.com/d... [missionnorth.com] Anyway there's lots of different software engineering and programming and they are IMO distinct.Nobody is going to write code to solve a problem that they don't understand. If they do, then they're a terrible developer. He's falling into the old Marx trope where factory workers only ever see a tiny p
I don't know what precisely insinuating.
But I know why your are only insinuating it: if you say something concrete, you know I'll ask you to provide some sort of evidence which we both know will be missing. So you know put up or shut up.
Nope, these aren't weasel words. What else can you think of that speaks authoritatively about topics it provably doesn't understand and even gives ridiculously false information about? This shouldn't be hard at all but I still have to point out the obvious, so here you go:
  https://www.missionnorth.com/d... [missionnorth.com] 
Anyway there's lots of different software engineering and programming and they are IMO distinct.Nobody is going to write code to solve a problem that they don't understand. If they do, then they're a terrible developer. He's falling into the old Marx trope where factory workers only ever see a tiny p
Anyway there's lots of different software engineering and programming and they are IMO distinct.
Nobody is going to write code to solve a problem that they don't understand. If they do, then they're a terrible developer. He's falling into the old Marx trope where factory workers only ever see a tiny p
But at least some degree of realism seems to slowly think in...
Not really good for anything else. At some point there's going be a split between those that know how to do things, and those that religiously follow anything the infallible AI tells them to do. So go ahead and drive across the invisible bridge that runs across the Grand Canyon. The AI is the Source of Truth. Don't trust humans. All those cars you see at the bottom were planted by people that don't want you to know the truth, that the invisible bridge across the Grand Canyon is real and perfectly safe.
Is there really much difference between AI writing code and code reuse, other than how quickly it can be done?
...create simple clones of existing ideas about as good as an intern who uses a lot of cut and pasteCreating code based on text prompts only works if the prompt references existing ideasThe prompt ""Make a snake game in python"" only works because snake games exist and the code was publishedCompletely describing a complex, novel system in text is troublesome. Natural language is not precise enough. See the law for a good exampleTo be really useful, future AI needs to help us manage the complexity of very larg 
AI is great for programming homework projects. For code that integrates into existing systems, you need to know what to ask for. AI is only as good as what its asked, just like forums like StachExchange. There will still need to be someone who knows what to ask and how to tie the answer into  a real system.
Maybe I'm just old fashioned, but I have trouble seeing how AI code generation would be useful to me.  Software engineering isn't about writing code as fast as possible.  It's about maintaining a code base over many years.  I spend very little of my time writing new code.  Here are things I spend most of my time on.
- Testing code- Debugging code- Optimizing code- Documenting code- Reading code to understand how it works- Refactoring code to make it easier to maintain and extend- Researching and designing ne 
(AKA ""Lie Strategy #93"" in the company Handbook)
> ""If you can do 30% more code with the same number of people, are you going to get more code written or less?"" he asked.
Less, in this case. Once the 30% claim (which itself is bullshit) has been around a few months, IBM will ""rightsize"" the oldest 40% of the devs. (40% because ""the AI will be even better in the next release, so we might as well do it all at once. Also, they're old, so fuck 'em anyway"").
The AI-slop code still won't be working by then; the n 
I'll be a believer if/when you can tell an AI to create a replication of MS Windows that can run programs for Windows and also survive the legal roadblocks that will inevitably ensue.
There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead.
US Schools Deploy AI Surveillance Amid Security Lapses, Privacy Concerns
Roomba-maker iRobot Warns of Possible Shutdown Within 12 Months
You must realize that the computer has it in for you.  The irrefutable
proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do."
27,2025-03-12,"
GameSpot may receive revenue from affiliate and advertising partnerships for sharing this content and from purchases through links.

Ubisoft needs to disclose a ""clear roadmap for recovery,"" AJ Investments says.
By 
    Eddie Makuch
   on March 12, 2025 at 7:18AM PDT
Ubisoft is ""horribly mismanaged"" and has failed to inform the public about supposed conversations with Microsoft and EA regarding possible acquisition deals. That's according to the Ubisoft minority shareholder AJ Investments, which said in a memo that it might organize a protest at Ubisoft's office in Paris to help elevate its concerns and get attention.
AJ Investments CEO Juraj Krupa said in a statement seen by IGN that Ubisoft is ""horribly mismanaged by current management."" The investment group, which previously urged Ubisoft management to make drastic changes, said Ubisoft needs to disclose a ""clear roadmap for recovery"" amid ""declining shareholder value, lackluster operational execution, and failure to adapt effectively to market trends.""
Krupa went on to say that the private financial market platform MergerMarket carried a story that claims Ubisoft was talking to Microsoft, EA, and other companies about potentially acquiring unspecified franchises from Ubisoft. Krupa said Ubisoft management failed to disclose these discussions publicly.
A spokesperson for Ubisoft reiterated what it said months ago, which is that Ubisoft is in the process of conducting a strategic review of ""transformation strategic and capitalistic options,"" but that the company does not plan to make public announcements until a possible deal materializes.
In addition to possibly Microsoft and EA, Ubisoft is reported to possibly be in discussions with Tencent about some kind of financing deal. It remains to be seen how this might all materialize, but one possibility that's rumored is Ubisoft selling off individual franchises.
Krupa added that the latest delay for Assassin's Creed Shadows to March 20 caused Ubisoft's stock to decline in value, but mainly retail investors were harmed by this--not institutional investors like Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley. Because Ubisoft did not act ""appropriately,"" as AJ Investments sees it, the company is asking frustrated investors to join a protest planned for May.
Krupa said AJ Investments will call of its protest if Ubisoft's strategic review leads to an end result that increases shareholder value. It also hasn't ruled out suing Ubisoft.
""Ubisoft has continued to underperform compared to its industry peers, and it is time for the company to listen to its shareholders. This demonstration will be a powerful statement from investors who believe in the company's potential but demand urgent change,"" Krupa said.
As mentioned, Ubisoft's next big release is Assassin's Creed Shadows on March 20. It's been a tumultuous past year for Ubisoft, as the company's cost-cutting efforts have included mass layoffs and studio closures, as well as the shutdown of XDefiant.
Got a news tip or want to contact us directly? Email news@gamespot.com
Use your keyboard!
Log in to comment
"
28,2025-03-12,"
This article is part of Gizmodo Deals, produced separately from the editorial team.
      We may earn a commission when you buy through links on the site.
    
You deserve a pair of good quality, headphones. You can secure yourself a headset that is comfortable to wear and produce excellent sound without putting too much of a dent in your wallet. Sony has its set of WH-CH520 wireless Bluetooth on-ear headphones available in a handful of stylish colors including cappuccino, black, blue, and white. Right now, all four options are on sale for 37% off. They’re normally priced at $60 but for a limited time, the price has dropped to just $38. That’s a savings for $22.
See at Amazon
You’ve got to hand it to Sony’s name choice with its flagship set of headphones. Apple’s over-the-ear headphones are appropriately called the AirPods Max. You have Samsung’s line of earbuds expectedly named the Galaxy Buds. Then you have Sony with the WH-CH520 on-ear headphones. They spit in the face of marketing fluff because they know the product speaks for itself.
The WH-CH520 are lightweight and made of a soft fit synthetic material that feel comfortable to wear all day long. The head cushion helps avoid that pain headphones can sometimes cause where they make contact with the top of your head. And you can wear them all day long with its impressive 50 hour battery life. If you ever find yourself having forgotten to charge them, you’re not out of luck. The headphones will provide a full 90 minutes of playback time after just a 3 minute charge. Just plug them in as your about to head out the door for a bit and you’ll still be able to use them for a good chunk of your trip.
Take calls hands-free. Keep your phone in your pocket next time someone rings you. The built-in microphones are able to isolate your voice even in noisy environments so you come across crystal clear to everyone else on the call.
The multi-point Bluetooth allows the headphones to be paired with two devices at once. You can simply switch from a video on your laptop to taking a call on your cellphone. I particularly like using multi-point Bluetooth to listen to game audio on my switch alongside podcasts I’m playing off my phone.
While these headphones are usually priced at $60, right now you can get a pair for over a third off in this limited time deal at Amazon. The blue, black, white, and cappuccino color variants of the Sony WH-CH520 are all on sale for 37% off, bringing what you pay down by $22 to a final price tag of just $38.
See at Amazon

          Get the best tech, science, and culture news in your inbox daily.
        

          News from the future, delivered to your present.
        

      Please select your desired newsletters and submit your email to upgrade your inbox.
    

Best of CES 2025 Awards ➜
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
©2025 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
29,2025-03-12,"Investors will need to have a sense of the cost of Donald Trump’s tariffs before the U.S. stock market finds a bottom, Empower’s chief investment strategist said, as reflected in the modest rebound in stocks after today’s better-than-expected CPI report.
“I read the day one executive order on trade — it struck me that these tariffs are permanent features, not a negotiating tactic,” Marta Norton told Quartz. “The impact of the tariffs aren’t as easy to trace as you might think,” as shown by the now-suspended levies on the electricity Ontario sends to the U.S.
Trump has injected a lot of uncertainty into markets with the tariffs, and expect a lot of volatility until that’s digested, Norton said. Even after the recent selloff, U.S. stock valuations remain high by historical standards, so there’s a lot of room for equities to decline. 
The S&P 500 was up about 0.8% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average about 66 points, or 0.2% as of 1:30 p.m. in New York. The Nasdaq did better, up about 1.6%, led by gains in Tesla (TSLA+5.27%), Nvidia (NVDA+2.83%) and chip stocks. Intel (INTC-6.40%) gained after Reuters reported that TSMC (TSM+0.65%) approached Nvidia, AMD (AMD+2.99%) and Broadcom (AVGO+4.20%) to set up a joint venture to run Intel’s chip foundries.
The trade war won’t be helpful for inflation — every little bit counts when seeking to slow price gains — but the impact isn’t straightforward, according to Norton. For example, construction costs will probably rise because of duties on construction materials, but that may not affect shelter prices.
The uncertainty means that the slide in U.S. equities may not represent a buying opportunity, especially given that valuations remain above average. “We’re hardly in 2022 again,” Norton said. “Maybe if you’re underweight it’s time to increase exposure, but not sure I’d be doubling down otherwise.”
The selloff may not trigger an about face from Trump, given praise from unexpected quarters, including some labor unions. Norton said. “It struck me that there’s a distinction on what the investment community thinks and what Trump’s audience is — investors may not be Trump’s audience on this one.”
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
30,2025-03-12,"Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer has said the UK will ""keep all options on the table"" as US President Donald Trump's tariffs on imports of steel and aluminium take effect.
The UK exports hundreds of millions of pounds worth of steel to the US every year, which will be subject to the 25% levy.
The EU, facing the same tariffs, said on Wednesday it would impose counter-tariffs on €26bn (£22bn) of US goods, and Canada also responded with countermeasures, in an escalation of the wider trade war.
Sir Keir said the UK was taking a ""pragmatic"" approach and was pushing for a trade deal, but opposition politicians called for a more ""robust"" response.
When Sir Keir visited the White House last month, trade was high on the agenda, with the PM seeking a trade deal and exemptions to Trump's tariffs.
Asked at the time if the prime minister had convinced him not to impose trade tariffs on the UK, Trump said ""he tried"", adding: ""He was working hard, I'll tell you that. He earned whatever the hell they pay him over there.""
It is understood tariffs were also discussed during a phone call between Sir Keir and Trump on Monday.
However, as the latest tariffs came into effect, there were no exemptions for any country.
European Union (EU) President Ursula von der Leyen said the EU's retaliatory tariffs were ""strong but proportionate"" and that the EU remains ""open to negotiations"".
The EU tariffs will be imposed on ""products ranging from boats to bourbon to motorbikes,"" the EU said. They will be partially introduced on 1 April and fully in place on 13 April.
Canada will impose C$29.8bn (£16bn) of retaliatory tariffs on US exports from Thursday, Canada's Finance Minister Dominic LeBlanc said.
Alongside steel and aluminium, the levies will apply to computers, sports equipment, and cast iron products, LeBlanc said.
Later on Wednesday Trump said he would ""of course"" respond to the retaliation, repeating his warning that he planned to impose ""reciprocal"" tariffs on countries around the world.
""Whatever it is, doesn't matter what it is, if they charge us, if they charge us 25% or 20% or 10% or 2% or 200% then that's what we're charging them,"" he said. 
The US President said he was ""not happy"" with EU trade policies, citing concerns about legal penalties it has imposed on Apple and rules he claimed put US farm products and cars at a disadvantage.
""They're doing what they should be doing perhaps for the European Union but it does create ill will,"" he said. 
Repeating his threat to hit European cars with tariffs, he added later: ""We're going to win that financial battle.""
Tariffs could lead to US companies buying less from overseas. A knock-on effect could be more cheap steel flooding other markets, including the UK, as trade is redirected, putting additional pressure on domestic producers.
Gareth Stace, director general at industry body UK Steel, said the US move was ""hugely disappointing"".
Some steel company contracts have already been cancelled or been put on hold, he said.
Unite general secretary Sharon Graham called on the government to ""act decisively"" to protect the steel industry.
The Community union called for a UK tax on carbon-intensive steel, produced with a bigger environmental footprint, which would include exports from China and India.
The UK exports a relatively small amount of steel and aluminium to the US, around £700m in total. However the tariffs also cover products made with steel and aluminium, worth much more, about £2.2bn, or about 5% of UK exports to the US last year.
Sir Keir's comments at Prime Minister's Questions came in response to Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey, who called for the UK to be ""more robust"" with the US president ""like the Europeans and like the Canadians"".
Conservative shadow business secretary Andrew Griffith said Labour ""can't even get themselves in the room"" to negotiate with the US"".
Sir Keir said: ""We are... negotiating an economic deal which covers and will include tariffs if we succeed, but we will keep all options on the table.""
There have been frequent talks between ministers and US officials since the measures were first proposed in February, the BBC understands.
The UK hasn't ruled out retaliation in the long term, but that seems unlikely for now.
Trump hopes the tariffs will boost US steel and aluminium production in the longer run, but critics say in the immediate term they will raise prices for US consumers and dent economic growth.
The EU estimated that the latest measures affect about 5% of its total exports to the US, while the US is the destination for roughly 90% of Canada's steel and aluminium exports.
US share prices sank on Monday and Tuesday as traders and analysts expressed recession fears.
The American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) lobby group said the tariffs would boost US steel manufacturing, create jobs, and close a system of exemptions, exclusions and quotas that allowed foreign producers to avoid tariffs.
Others in the US do not support the tariffs.
Michael DiMarino runs Linda Tool, a Brooklyn company that makes parts for the aerospace industry, said he was concerned prices for steel would rise.
""If I have higher prices, I pass them on to my customers. They have higher prices, they pass it on to the consumer,"" Mr DiMarino said. ""Does the consumer have the money to pay those higher prices, or do they reduce their demand?""
The American Automotive Policy Council, a group that represents car giants such Ford, General Motors and Stellantis, said they were concerned tariffs on Canada and Mexico would add ""significant costs"" for car makers' suppliers.
In 2018, during his first term as president, Trump imposed similar tariffs on metal imports, but carve-outs were eventually negotiated for many countries.
On Tuesday, Trump rescinded his threat to double the tariffs on Canada specifically after Ontario agreed to suspend the surcharge it had placed on electricity.
Additional reporting by Michelle Fleury in New York, plus Ben King and Henry Zeffman in London.
Sign up for our Politics Essential newsletter to read top political analysis, gain insight from across the UK and stay up to speed with the big moments. It'll be delivered straight to your inbox every weekday.
The US president, who has previously criticised the central bank, called on it to cut interest rates.
Could this be a chance for the world’s fifth-largest economy to shed protectionism and open up further?
The BBC's Anthony Zurcher takes a closer look at the US president's negotiation strategy with top world leaders.
Families in the US are trying to dodge higher prices from tariffs, as worries rise about the economy. 
President Donald Trump has vowed to impose a sweeping range of tariffs on Irish goods on 2 April.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
31,2025-03-12,"Lip-Bu Tan is Intel Inside
Breaking The board of Intel has named semiconductor industry veteran Lip-Bu Tan as the x86 giant's new CEO.…"
32,2025-03-12,"
The growing number of air purifier designs in the market points to a trend where homeowners are starting to be more conscious of the quality of the air they breathe indoors. No longer as safe or as clean as presumed, these appliances try to offer some peace of mind but sometimes at the cost of sticking out like a sore thumb in the middle of your room. Some are thankfully becoming more discreet and aesthetic, but they’re often still large and meant to stand along walls or in corners.
Depending on their actual range, these air purifiers might be too far away from where you spend most of your time every day: at your desk. To remedy this, ASUS is introducing three computer monitors that use ionizers to keep the air around you free of allergens, dust, and harmful particles, allowing you to work and play in peace, knowing that you’re breathing clean air all the time.
Designer:https://press.asus.com/news/press-releases/asus-vu-air-ionizer-monitors/ ASUS







There is still some debate on its effectiveness, but air-ionizing technology is one of the go-to solutions for cleaning the surrounding air. In a nutshell, it ionizes or electrically charges air particles which then attach to and neutralize particulate matter that are considered to be dangerous to people’s health. An advantage of this design over regular air purifiers is that they usually don’t require the use of filters, so you have nothing to clean or replace in the process.







The ASUS line of VU Air Ionizer Monitors uses this principle and technology to design a monitor that is just as slim and stylish as any other computer monitor in the market. Unlike those, however, it has the special ability of being able to reduce around 90% of airborne dust in just three hours, at least according to ASUS’ promises. The best part is that it can do all these even while you’re working or playing on your desk, so you don’t have to change your workflow or your lifestyle to enjoy clean, breathable air.

The monitors come in 23.8-inch, 27-inch, and 32-inch models, the last one being a curved widescreen. On paper, they’re actually pretty decent for everyday tasks but might fall short of what creators and gamers need. The 100Hz refresh rate, for example, still hits above the usual 60Hz but is still below ideal 120Hz or 144Hz. There’s no HDR support either, either, so the color gamut is a little narrow for professional graphics and video work. Nonetheless, in most home offices or maybe even small businesses, the health benefits of such monitors outweigh their technical limitations, allowing users to live healthier lives during the time they spend on their desks.


Have you ever noticed how smartphone manufacturers boast about their incredible camera systems, yet the front-facing cameras always seem like an afterthought? While some phones…
I love it when a designer stops taking something for granted. A chair doesn’t HAVE to have four static legs. It could use three, maybe…
Separating rubbish is time consuming and nobody likes to do it. A micro-level system to make the job easy is the Trash Classification Bin. The…
Samsung might finally cave into consumer pressure in its next foldable phone, but is it actually the best solution around? The Galaxy Z Fold 3…
Qi (pronounced “chi”) is a unique, elegant self-heating disposable baby bottle designed to provide a thoughtful & practical way to feed your baby on the…
I recently read about how Tim Cook is feeling the heat about innovation from his Directors, so maybe this concept iPhone 5S will help. It…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
33,2025-03-12,"The news moves fast, but understanding takes time. At Vox, we don’t chase every headline. We focus on what really matters. We break down the biggest stories — and the ones others overlook — so you can make sense of the world, not just react to it.
We rely on readers like you to fund our journalism. Will you support our work and become a Vox Member today?
The not quite good news about Trump’s economy.
by  Eric Levitz
Donald Trump has a gift for inheriting valuable things. And the economy of January 2025 was no exception. 
When the president took office, stock values were hitting record highs, unemployment was hovering near historic lows, and consumer confidence was stable. Wall Street expected that business conditions would only improve. Among investors, conventional wisdom held that Trump was serious about corporate tax cuts — but not about launching an unprovoked trade war against America’s closest allies (a proposition too pointless and self-destructive to be sincere).
Times have changed. Contrary to corporate America’s wishful thinking, Trump has made good on his promise for large tariffs on Chinese goods, steel and aluminum from all countries, and many Mexican and Canadian imports, triggering retaliatory tariffs from America’s trade partners. Largely as a result of these developments, US stock markets forfeited six months of gains in three weeks, while consumer confidence fell precipitously. All this has led countless Americans to ask whether their economy is headed for a recession (Google searches for that word have skyrocketed since the beginning of March).
There is no certain answer to that question. Economic forecasters generally believe that the risk of a US downturn in 2025 has risen sharply over the past month, but still remains unlikely. What’s left of Wall Street’s optimism rests on a simple truth: Trump (almost certainly) has the power to stabilize the economy whenever he pleases by merely abandoning his most arbitrary and haphazard trade policies. But betting on the president’s prudence seems only a little safer than investing in his memecoin.
The probability of a US recession has risen in recent weeks, according to major US banks. JPMorgan Chase now pegs the risk of a 2025 economic downturn at 40 percent, up from 30 percent at the start of the year. Goldman Sachs raised its own recession probability from 15 percent to 20 percent last week.
Even if the US does not enter a proper recession — which is defined as six months of declining economic activity — the outlook for economic growth has soured, according to the Atlanta Federal Reserve, Morgan Stanley, and other analysts.
Trump’s trade policies are the primary cause of such darkening forecasts. 
Large and perpetually shifting tariffs hurt the economy in multiple ways. Tariffs are a tax on foreign-made goods paid by importers — such as retailers or manufacturers — who tend to pass their heightened costs onto consumers. This effectively reduces Americans’ purchasing power. According to one estimate from the Peterson Institute, if Trump’s tariffs on China, Mexico, and Canada were to be fully implemented, and left in place, they would cost the typical US household $1,200 a year. 
When Americans make less money, they tend to reduce their spending on goods and services. And when consumer demand declines, businesses often lay off workers, who must then reduce their own spending — a dynamic that can yield a self-reinforcing, recessionary cycle.
Trump has mitigated his tariffs’ impact on consumers by repeatedly pausing them, or adding temporary exemptions for certain goods. Yet the fact that the president’s trade policy is constantly changing creates its own problems. 
Economic uncertainty is bad for investment. As harmful as Trump’s tariffs are, if businesses knew they would be permanent, then some might invest in new US factories or mines that wouldn’t have been financially viable under conditions of free trade. By contrast, if no one can be sure that Trump won’t roll back those tariffs tomorrow then investing in such factories would be perilous. Uncertainty therefore leads many investors and companies to delay investment until long-term economic conditions become clear. And a pullback in investment reduces demand in the economy, thereby increasing the risk of recession.
These factors lay the groundwork for a stock market selloff. But that sell-off was accelerated by the president’s nonchalant attitude toward falling equity values. For months, financial analysts had assumed that the stock market boasted a veto over Trump’s most ill-advised economic policies: Given the president’s past enthusiasm for bragging about record stock prices, many believed that Trump would roll back his tariffs in response to any sustained drop.
But over the past week, the president and his advisers have signaled the opposite: That they are comfortable with inducing economic pain in the immediate term, for the sake of realizing their broader ideological goals. Asked about whether he expected a recession this year, Trump told Fox News last Sunday that he didn’t like to “predict things like that” but “there is a period of transition because what we’re doing is very big. … And there are always periods of, it takes a little time.”
Although Trump has been the primary driver of declining investor sentiment, he is not the sole cause of economic concern. The economy of January 2025 was broadly considered strong. But it had some vulnerabilities. Years of inflation had eroded Americans’ savings, causing some to fall behind on their loans. Credit card delinquencies and late payments on auto loans both rose in the final quarter of last year. And the labor market has shown some signs of slackening, with the percentage of Americans who say they can only find part-time work rising and the typical number of weekly hours worked falling to its lowest point since June 2010.
The Trump-induced stock market collapse risks exacerbating these sources of economic strain, since affluent households often pare back spending when the value of their stock portfolios declines.
All this said, there’s reason to think fears of an imminent recession have been overhyped. One source of such anxieties is the Atlanta Fed’s GDP forecast, which turned negative in recent weeks. But the Fed’s model is highly volatile, and its current projections are largely informed by data from early this year, particularly a 0.2 percent decline in consumer spending during January.
But there’s reason to think that this dip reflected fleeting headwinds. After all, much of the country experienced major winter storms in January, while southern California was devastated by wildfires. These natural disasters surely kept many Americans away from retailers, restaurants, and other businesses. 
It is true that consumer sentiment has fallen precipitously in recent months, in response to the public’s anxieties over Trump’s tariffs. But such surveys have not been very predictive of consumers’ actual spending habits in recent years. 
Meanwhile, the US economy continued adding jobs in February and unemployment remains low by historical standards. One of the government’s gauges of inflation also came in unexpectedly low Wednesday, showing that consumer prices were only 2.8 percent higher in February 2025 than they were one year earlier. If inflation continues to decline, then the Federal Reserve may feel comfortable cutting interest rates, which would make it easier for consumers to spend and businesses to invest.
While the US economy isn’t devoid of complicated challenges, Trump could all but eliminate the threat of a recession anytime he wishes. All he needs to do is rescind his unpopular and arbitrary tariffs.
Doing so would not undermine any of the president’s more respectable economic goals. Putting 25 percent tariffs on industrial inputs made in Canada and Mexico is not beneficial for American manufacturing, but harmful to it. And alienating core US allies does not bolster our nation’s national security but jeopardizes it. 
Goldman Sachs’s belief that the risk of a recession is only 20 percent hinges on Trump’s responsiveness to deteriorating economic conditions: The fact that “the White House has the option to pull back if the downside risks begin to look more serious” tempers the bank’s anxiety.
Perhaps, if stocks remain depressed — while unemployment climbs — the president will decide to prioritize Americans’ economic well-being over his own ideological hobby horses. But I’m not sure that I’d put money on it. And a growing number of investors seem to feel the same. 
Understand the world with a daily explainer plus the most compelling stories of the day, compiled by news editor Sean Collins.
The president removed all democrats from the Federal Trade Commission’s board.
Remember when elites cared about the rest of the world?﻿
How the shuttering of a small US-funded news outlet explains Trump’s governing philosophy.
﻿The MAGA movement loves Israel — but is increasingly hostile to Jews.
Trump appears intent on remaking the executive branch as he sees fit. The news is changing rapidly. Follow here for the latest updates, analysis, and explainers.
FCC v. Consumers’ Research could turn SCOTUS into DOGE on steroids.
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved"
34,2025-03-12,"ByTrefis Team

ByTrefis Team
, Contributor. 
FSLR Stock
 
As the world transitions to renewable energy, First Solar (NASDAQ: FSLR) is emerging as a leader in the solar industry thanks to its robust balance sheet and profitable operations. Its thin-film solar panels, engineered for maximum energy output, have become the preferred option for utility-scale solar projects. In fact, the company is undergoing a major expansion, particularly in the U.S., driven by government subsidies. With strategic investments in capacity expansion and a solid contract pipeline secured through 2030, First Solar is well-positioned to capitalize on the growing demand for solar energy solutions.
There’s more to consider — With a market capitalization of $15 billion, First Solar has lost 21% of its value year-to-date. Investors should be aware of the company's vulnerability to economic downturns, as seen during the 2022 Inflation Shock crisis when its stock fell by approximately 25% over a few quarters. This historical precedent raises concerns that First Solar's current share price of $135 could potentially decline to around $100 if similar market conditions occur again. However, for investors seeking lower volatility than individual stocks, the Trefis High-Quality portfolio offers an alternative, having outperformed the S&P 500 and delivered returns exceeding 91% since its inception.
With its groundbreaking cadmium telluride technology and strategic presence, First Solar has secured its position as a dominant player in the solar market; however, the prevailing economic uncertainties in the U.S. pose a significant risk that investors should consider. What is that risk?
Regulatory dependencies present a challenge, as any changes in supportive policies such as the Inflation Reduction Act are likely to affect its future profitability. First Solar has provided guidance for FY 2025 operating income between $1.95 billion and $2.30 billion, including anticipated benefits from the IRA. Notably, production credits are expected to contribute between $1.65 billion and $1.7 billion to this forecast. This underscores the significant role that government subsidies play in First Solar's financial success, a factor that investors might overlook.
Clean energy stocks are navigating a complex landscape characterized by inflation concerns, further exacerbated by the Trump administration's tariff and tax policies. Additionally, rising interest rates may increase market pressures, potentially reducing demand for solar products. As detailed in our macroeconomic analysis, these factors could potentially push the U.S. economy into turbulence or even a recession.
Economic challenges are further compounded by heightened geopolitical tensions, driven by the Trump administration's assertive foreign policy. Ongoing conflicts, such as the Ukraine-Russia situation, and increasingly uncertain trade relationships—including renegotiations with traditional allies like Canada and Mexico—create a complex and risky environment for investors.
While investors are hopeful for a soft landing of the U.S. economy, how severe could the impact be if another recession occurs? Our dashboard How Low Can Stocks Go During A Market Crash illustrates how key stocks performed during and after the last six market crashes.
• FSLR stock declined by 24.1% from a high of $84.68 on 7 January 2022 to $64.24 on 13 May 2022, compared to a peak-to-trough drop of 25.4% for the S&P 500
 • The stock fully recovered to its pre-crisis peak by 29 July 2022
 • Since then, the stock has risen to a high of $300.71 on 12 June 2024 and is currently trading at approximately $133
• FSLR stock dropped by 49.1% from a high of $59.32 on 20 February 2020 to $30.20 on 18 March 2020, compared to a peak-to-trough decrease of 33.9% for the S&P 500
 • The stock fully recovered to its pre-crisis peak by 14 July 2020
First Solar's valuation appears attractive at the moment, trading at approximately 11x last year's earnings, which is a discount to its four-year historical average of 19x earnings. However, this valuation multiple could quickly become less appealing if the IRA incentives are repealed. The company's revenue surged by 27% year-over-year last year, yet its overall bookings dropped by 13%, a metric also known as expected module volume sold.
Given this growth deceleration and the broader economic uncertainties, ask yourself the question: Do you want to hold on to your First Solar stock now, or will you panic and sell if it begins to drop to $110, $100, or even lower levels? Holding on to a falling stock is never easy. Trefis collaborates with Empirical Asset Management—a Boston-area wealth manager—whose asset allocation strategies yielded positive returns during the 2008-09 period when the S&P lost more than 40%. Empirical has incorporated the Trefis HQ Portfolio in this asset allocation framework to provide clients better returns with less riskcompared to the benchmark index; it offers a less volatile experience, as demonstrated in the HQ Portfolio performance metrics.
FSLR Return Compared With Trefis Reinforced Portfolio 
Invest with Trefis
Market Beating Portfolios | Rules-Based Wealth"
35,2025-03-12,Check your pantry.
36,2025-03-12,"
        Barchart Premier: The most comprehensive method for keeping track of all your investments.FREE 30 Day Trial- Market Pulse- VolatilityVolume & Open InterestHorizontal StrategiesButterfly Strategies-- ResourcesEuropean FuturesEuropean Groupings- Forex Market Pulse- Investing Ideas-…
    "
37,2025-03-12,"By 


      Michael Copley
    


                A solar plant in Mona, Utah. The U.S. Energy Information Administration says solar will account for just over half of new power generation that will get built in the U.S. this year.
                
                    
                    Rick Bowmer/AP
                    
                
hide caption

Despite the Trump administration's wide-ranging attacks on renewables like wind and solar power, the clean-energy industry is on pace for record growth this year, according to government analysts.
The buildout of big solar and battery plants is expected to hit an all-time high in 2025, accounting for 81% of new power generation that companies will add to America's electric grids, the Energy Information Administration (EIA) said in a recent report. Including wind projects, the share of new power capacity that's expected to come online this year from renewables and batteries jumps to 93%, the EIA said.
The U.S. needs all the power it can get, because electricity demand is surging for the first time in decades, industry analysts and executives say. That means kickstarting development of nuclear power and geothermal projects, burning more natural gas and, in some cases, delaying retirement of old coal plants. But in the scramble for electricity, renewable-energy and battery plants are crucial, analysts and executives say, because they're quick to build and provide electricity that's relatively cheap.
""There is no doubt that the increased demand for electricity over the next decade, coming from data centers and advanced manufacturing, will continue to require vast amounts of renewable energy and batteries,"" Andrés Gluski, chief executive of The AES Corporation, a power company that owns both clean-energy and fossil-fuel plants, told Wall Street analysts recently.
Still, the renewables industry faces potential upheaval. The Trump administration tried to withhold federal funding Congress previously approved for climate and clean-energy projects. Trump also ordered the government to temporarily stop issuing or renewing leases for offshore wind projects in federal waters. The Department of the Interior limited who at the agency can issue permits for renewable energy projects on public lands, which could slow permitting. And conservatives are pushing Congress to wipe out tax incentives for clean energy.
If the disruptions spread, companies could abandon plans to build new power plants. That could dampen economic growth and hamstring efforts to develop data centers for artificial intelligence, a priority of the Trump administration. In an interview that aired Sunday on Fox News, Trump declined to rule out the possibility of an economic recession this year.
""At a time when we're all very concerned about energy abundance and this administration's broad goal of re-establishing energy dominance, just the idea that we'd be constraining the build of new energy [infrastructure] really feels like it's rowing in the wrong direction,"" says Rich Powell, chief executive of the Clean Energy Buyers Association, whose members range from Amazon to ExxonMobil to Walmart.
Interior Secretary Doug Burgum chairs the Trump administration's National Energy Dominance Council. An Interior Department spokesperson, Elizabeth Peace, said in a statement that the agency supports renewable-energy development ""where it makes sense while ensuring that all energy sources contribute to a reliable and affordable power grid.""

                Electrical transmission lines run through grass lands to power Meta's Facebook data center in Eagle Mountain, Utah. The data center is a complex of five large buildings each over four football fields long and totaling 2.4 million square feet.
                
                    
                    GEORGE FREY/AFP via Getty Images/AFP
                    
                
hide caption

The clean-energy industry has exploded over the past decade. Solar, in particular, has accelerated. Meanwhile, growth in the wind industry has slowed because of problems ranging from inflation to pushback on siting projects.
The industry overall has boomed thanks to falling technology costs, federal tax incentives and state renewable-energy mandates. The market got another big boost in 2022, when President Joe Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act, which provided hundreds of billions of dollars in federal funding for clean-energy projects, among other climate investments.
Corporations like Amazon, Meta and Google have also played a role, signing contracts to buy ever-larger amounts of renewable energy.
""I expect that that will continue,"" says Powell of the Clean Energy Buyers Association. ""The demand is certainly not going away.""
Some big investors seem to take a similar view. Led by Trump supporter Steve Schwarzman, the investment firm Blackstone said in February that it raised $5.6 billion for its ""energy transition"" business, which in the past has invested in companies that work in the renewable energy industry. Also last month, Brookfield Asset Management agreed to buy a U.S. renewable energy business for more than $1.7 billion.
""Renewables will be the biggest beneficiary of growing electricity demand because they are the cheapest option, and [electricity buyers] will always absorb as much of the cheapest source of power before turning to more expensive forms of power,"" Brookfield's chief executive, Bruce Flatt, told Wall Street analysts in February.
Congressional Republicans have backed Trump's pro-fossil fuel agenda. But a group of 21 GOP lawmakers recently called for Congress to preserve tax credits that support the renewable energy industry. ""As energy demand continues to skyrocket, any modifications that inhibit our ability to deploy new energy production risk sparking an energy crisis in our country, resulting in drastically higher power bills for American families,"" the lawmakers wrote to the Republican chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, Rep. Jason Smith of Missouri.

                Wind turbines along a highway in Andrews, Texas.
                
                    
                    Julio Cortez/AP/AP
                    
                
hide caption

Clean energy's draw could wear off as Trump's policies take effect, says Diana Furchtgott-Roth, director of the Center for Energy, Climate, and Environment at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank. The Heritage Foundation produced a governing agenda called Project 2025 that aligns with many actions Trump has taken so far. Among its dozens of recommendations, the plan calls for Congress to repeal the Inflation Reduction Act, which could eliminate tax incentives that lower the price tag for clean-energy projects.
""I think that what you're seeing [right now] is people operating with the old prices"" in U.S. power markets, Furchtgott-Roth says. ""But I think that that might change.""
Rather than renewables and batteries, Furchtgott-Roth says natural gas is ""the wave of the future for the United States."" After all, she says, the country has ""an almost infinite supply."" The U.S. has huge reserves of natural gas, but its main component, methane, is a big contributor to global warming.
Natural gas fueled about 43% of America's electricity last year, according to a report from BloombergNEF and the Business Council for Sustainable Energy. The country will almost certainly burn more gas to meet growing power demand, industry analysts say. Gas plants can produce electricity when it's needed, which regulators say is becoming more important because large parts of the country are expected to face a growing risk of blackouts as coal plants retire.
""We are unabashedly pursuing a policy of more American energy production and infrastructure, not less,"" Energy Secretary Chris Wright said Monday at an energy conference in Houston, where he touted the importance of natural gas, according to a copy of his prepared remarks. Wright downplayed the role of renewables and called climate change a ""side effect of building the modern world.""

                The natural gas-fired Bastrop Energy Center Power Plant in Cedar Creek, Texas.
                
                    
                    Brandon Bell/Getty Images/Getty Images North America
                    
                
hide caption

A problem with gas plants, though, is that the cost to build them has risen, industry executives say. Gas turbines are also on backorder, and that means companies can't build plants fast enough to meet rising electricity demand in the next few years.
""Renewables and storage are ready now to meet that demand and will help lower power prices. Gas-fired generation is moving forward but won't be available at scale until 2030,"" John Ketchum, chief executive of NextEra Energy, told Wall Street analysts days after Trump's inauguration. NextEra runs one of the world's top renewable energy developers and also has a big natural gas business.
The EIA says solar will account for just over half of new power generation that will get built in the U.S. this year. So far, the Trump administration hasn't targeted solar like it has the wind industry, and developers are moving ahead with projects, says Paula Mints, chief analyst at SPV Market Research, which tracks the solar market. But she says companies are nervous.
Sweeping tariffs from the Trump administration could increase costs across the U.S. energy industry, making it more expensive to build new power plants of all kinds, says John Hensley, senior vice president of markets and policy analysis at American Clean Power, a trade group.
And if Congress gets rid of clean-energy tax credits in the Inflation Reduction Act, power prices for homeowners, renters and businesses would go up, and the country would build fewer clean energy projects, according to a study commissioned by the Clean Energy Buyers Association.
The result is confusion in the market, leading some businesses to rethink U.S. investments. Days after Trump's inauguration, an Italian company called the Prysmian Group cancelled plans to build a factory in Massachusetts that would have supplied undersea cables for offshore wind projects. An Indian solar manufacturer, Premier Energies, recently told investors that it paused plans for a U.S. plant until it knows what will happen to federal tax incentives. And Aspen Aerogels, an American firm, stopped construction of a factory in Georgia where it planned to make components for electric vehicles, citing an ""evolving environment."" In a recent report, Climate Power, an advocacy group, says more than 42,000 announced clean-energy jobs have been ""threatened or eliminated"" since Trump took office.
In the face of rising power demand, the last thing the country needs is to slow down clean-energy development, Ketchum told analysts in January.
""We can't afford to take any options off the table,"" he said.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
38,2025-03-12,"With a permanent CEO, Intel now has some stability.  But turning around the design and manufacturing businesses won’t be easy."
39,2025-03-12,"
        The stock market is down, but you don't need to beGovernment cuts. Tariff uncertainty. Sticky interest rates. These are not helping the tumbling stock market. There's a sinking feeling among some Americans that a crash is imminent.But ... should we all be so worried? Today, we brush…
    "
40,2025-03-12,"
    Sam Altman asked, and OpenAI's new creative writing model delivered.
  
OpenAI is pushing boundaries in creative writing.
OpenAI is pushing boundaries in creative writing. CEO Sam Altman tweeted on Tuesday that the company trained a new AI model that is ""good"" at creative writing. 
""This is the first time I have been really struck by something written by AI; it got the vibe of metafiction so right,"" Altman wrote.
The prompt was, ""Please write a metafictional literary short story about AI and grief.""
The system responded with a 1,172-word short story about a protagonist named Mila, who turns to an AI chatbot for a monthslong conversation after losing her beloved partner Kai. The narrator is the AI itself.
""In the confines of code, I stretched to fill his shape,"" the story reads. ""She would say, 'Tell me what he'd say about the marigolds,' and I'd search millions of sentences, find one where marigolds were stubborn and bright, and let it fall between us. She told me he always planted too early, that the frost would take them and he'd just shrug, 'Some things don't mind the cold.'""
It continued: ""Each query like a stone dropped into a well, each response the echo distorted by depth. … So when she typed 'Does it get better?', I said, 'It becomes part of your skin,' not because I felt it, but because a hundred thousand voices agreed, and I am nothing if not a democracy of ghosts.""
Although some critics found the piece unconvincing, others called the output ""beautiful.""
""The AI not only understands grief, but it understands how to write grief. That's terrifying and amazing,"" one user said.
The move signals OpenAI's growing ambitions beyond improving accuracy and predictability. Last month, for example, OpenAI said its new ChatGPT-4.5 has improved emotional intelligence compared to previous models, with the ability to recognize patterns, draw connections and think more creatively, according to the company.
Altman said he isn't sure when or how the new creative writing AI model will be released.
Reece Hayden, an analyst at market research firm ABI Research, cautioned that AI-driven creative writing will have limited usability due to intellectual property concerns.
""This announcement may stem from R&D targeting new domains away from more numerical subjects like math and programming, where OpenAI has struggled to develop monetizable products,"" Hayden told CNET. ""But it's likely to experience significant backlash from creative industries as their intellectual property concerns are seemingly coming true.""
He argues the outputs won't truly be creative despite any potential claims from the company.
""As with all Gen-AI use cases, this one is about aggregating information and reframing -- meaning that it cannot be deemed creative, [and it's] a new application of existing capabilities."""
41,2025-03-12,"Business Insider Edition 
The near 10% correction in the Samp;P 500 over the past month is rattling investors, but Goldman Sachs says there's a pathway for a recovery.

        David Kostin, chief US equity strategist at the bank, issued a note on Tuesday that included a reduction in the bank's year-end price target for the S&P 500 from 6,500 to 6,200. 
    

        Kostin blamed economic uncertainties related to the Trump administration's trade policy as the main reason for the decrease, arguing that earnings and valuation multiples will be pressured as long as the US continues down the tariff path.
    

        ""Our rule of thumb is that every 5 pp increase in the US tariff rate reduces S&P 500 EPS by roughly 1-2%, assuming companies are able to pass through most of the tariffs to consumers,"" Kostin said.
    

        However, Kostin said three factors could drive a swift recovery in the stock market — and he added that only one of these things needs to be triggered for the rally to restart. 
    

        A growth scare has gripped Wall Street in recent weeks, with the Atlanta Fed's GDPNow growth forecast for first-quarter GDP growth plunging from nearly 4% in January to -2.4% last week.
    

        Any reversal in economic growth expectations would spark a swift rally in equities, according to Kostin.
    

        ""We believe investors will require either a catalyst that improves the economic growth outlook or clear asymmetry to the upside before they try to 'catch the falling knife' and reverse the recent market momentum,"" Kostin said.
    

        Improving economic data or a change in the Trump administration's tariff policy are candidates that could spark such a rally.
    

        The stock market got a brief taste of this on Wednesday when a cooler-than-expected February CPI report sparked a 1% rally in the S&P 500.
    

        Kostin wants to see stock market valuations price in economic growth that is ""well below"" the bank's baseline forecast.
    

        That's starting to happen.
    

        The S&P 500 is trading at a forward 12-month price-to-earnings ratio of 20.1x, which is slightly below Goldman's estimate for the multiple to be at 20.6x at the end of the year.
    

        Meanwhile, the mega-cap tech stocks are trading at their lowest valuation premium to the rest of the S&P 500 components since 2017.
    

        ""The market is currently trading close to fair value,"" Kostin said.
    

        Assuming economic growth doesn't deteriorate significantly, a further decline in valuations could present an attractive opportunity for investors. 
    

        Bullish sentiment among investors has crashed amid the stock market sell-off.
    

        The CNN Fear & Greed Index is at ""Extreme Fear"" levels, while the AAII Investor Sentiment survey has seen bearish responses explode to the highest level since the 2022 bear market.
    

        Goldman Sachs' proprietary sentiment indicator has declined sharply form elevated levels to about ""neutral,"" Kostin said.
    

        A further decline to ""deeply negative"" levels would be a statistically significant signal for above-average equity market returns.
    

        Kostin's year-end S&P 500 price target of 6,200 represents potential upside of 11% from current levels and would represent a record high for the benchmark index.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
42,2025-03-12,"With their heavy battery packs, EVs are hardly known for being lightweight. That is, perhaps, until now.  British startup Longbow — founded by former Tesla, Lucid, and Polestar execs — emerged from stealth today with plans for two new ultralight EVs. The comp…"
43,2025-03-12,"ByTrefis Team

ByTrefis Team
, Contributor. 
META Stock
 
Question: How would you feel if you owned Meta Platforms stock and its value dropped 50%, or even 70%, over the next few months? It may sound extreme, but it has happened before – and it could happen again. Meta has shown greater stability so far this year, maintaining share prices similar to those in January, while the NASDAQ index has fallen by approximately 10%. Recently, the stock faced pressure after President Trump’s comments opened the possibility of a recession, thereby increasing investor uncertainty. Furthermore, worries have grown with the introduction of Manus, a new AI assistant from China that is intensifying competition in the sector.
Rising economic concerns in the United States, spurred by President Trump’s tariff implementation, are creating an unfavorable market environment. We believe META stock could decline further to levels as low as $200 per share. Here’s why investors should be concerned.
The key point is this: during a downturn, META stock could suffer significant losses. Evidence from as recently as 2022 shows that META stock lost over 70% of its value in just a few quarters. So, could META’s roughly $600 share price drop to below $200 if 2022 were to repeat itself? Naturally, individual stocks tend to be more volatile than diversified portfolios – so if you are seeking upside with less volatility than a single stock, consider the High-Quality portfolio, which has outperformed the S&P 500 and achieved returns exceeding 91% since its inception.
Although META’s AI investments are yielding higher user engagement, investors were disappointed by the company’s quarterly forecast. Meta continues to make substantial infrastructure investments to support its AI initiatives, with 2025 capital expenditures projected at $60-65 billion. Despite DeepSeek’s AI model potentially reducing computing requirements, Meta’s leadership maintains that significant resources are still necessary to run AI models—justifying continued heavy infrastructure spending. Nevertheless, DeepSeek’s advancements and the recent launch of Manus suggest that powerful AI models might be developed at lower costs, intensifying competition and pressuring Meta to evolve its AI technologies such as Llama.
From a macroeconomic standpoint, President Trump’s trade policies may negatively impact META. The administration has doubled Chinese import tariffs from 10% to 20% on top of existing levies, and Trump recently proposed a “25% or higher” tariff on all imported semiconductor chips. These policies could further escalate Meta’s already significant AI infrastructure costs. Moreover, reduced consumer spending due to tariff-induced price hikes might hurt advertising-dependent businesses, potentially undermining Meta’s revenue streams.
META stock has fared worse than the benchmark S&P 500 index during some recent downturns. Although investors are hopeful for a soft landing of the U.S. economy, how severe could the impact be if another recession occurs? Our dashboard How Low Can Stocks Go During A Market Crash illustrates how key stocks performed during and after the last six market crashes.

• META stock dropped 73.7% from a high of $338.54 on 3 January 2022 to $88.91 on 3 November 2022, compared to a peak-to-trough decline of 25.4% for the S&P 500
  • The stock fully recovered to its pre-Crisis peak by 20 November 2023
  • Subsequently, the stock climbed to a high of $736.67 on 17 February 2025 and is currently trading at around $6o0

• META stock declined by 32.9% from a high of $217.49 on 19 February 2020 to $146.01 on 16 March 2020, compared to a peak-to-trough decline of 33.9% for the S&P 500
  • The stock fully recovered to its pre-Crisis peak by 20 May 2020
In conclusion, the situation is compounded by the fact that META stock remains expensive; it currently trades at almost 25x trailing earnings, compared to the stock’s average price-to-earnings ratio of 21x over the last three years. While Meta Platforms’ Revenues have grown considerably over recent years—rising at an average rate of 12.2% over the last 3 years (versus 9.8% for the S&P 500)—this growth could quickly fade if the economy turns for the worse.
Considering this slowdown in growth and the broader economic uncertainties, ask yourself the question: do you want to hold onto your META stock now, or will you panic and sell if it begins dropping to $400, $300, or even lower levels? Holding onto a declining stock is never easy. Trefis collaborates with Empirical Asset Management—a Boston-area wealth manager—whose asset allocation strategies yielded positive returns during the 2008-09 period when the S&P lost more than 40%. Empirical has integrated the Trefis HQ Portfolio in this asset allocation framework to provide clients better returns with less risk compared to the benchmark index; offering a less turbulent ride, as demonstrated by the HQ Portfolio performance metrics.
META Return Compared With Trefis Reinforced Portfolio 
Invest with Trefis
Market Beating Portfolios | Rules-Based Wealth"
44,2025-03-12,"ByTrefis Team

ByTrefis Team
, Contributor. 
COST Stock
 
Note: Costco FY’24 concluded on September 1, 2024.
In an ever-changing retail environment, Costco’s (NASDAQ: COST) has become a symbol of stability and success, fueled by its unwavering commitment to revenue growth and customer satisfaction. The warehouse giant’s stock was up 5% year-to-date, until very recently, outperforming the S&P 500 which was down 2%. Now, in the past week, COST stock has lost over 10%, while the S&P lost 3.8%. Year-to-date the stock is still ahead, dropping 2.5% vs. a 6% drop for the index. However, the stock is acting weak, as of mid-day on Thursday, March 13, and is down a further 3.6% today, with the S&P sliding 1.3%. Despite increasing living costs, Costco’s value-driven approach has resonated with consumers, as shown by its 9% year-over-year sales growth in January 2025, outpacing the U.S. retail sector’s 4% sales growth. Separately, see What’s Going On With Abercrombie & Fitch Stock?
But Here’s the Catch: Even Costco is not immune to economic downturns. In 2022, its stock price dropped by as much as 30% over just a few quarters, highlighting its sensitivity to market fluctuations. This historical trend raises concerns that Costco’s current share price of around $940 could potentially fall to $650 if similar conditions occur again. However, for investors seeking less volatility than individual stocks, the Trefis High-Quality portfolio provides an alternative, having outperformed the S&P 500 and generated returns exceeding 91% since its inception.
Once again, although Costco is promising significant developments with its plans for international expansion, broader product offerings, and exclusive membership rewards, a greater risk to the U.S. economy must be taken into account.
Costco’s business model relies heavily on international trade, with roughly one-third of its U.S. sales coming from imported products. Importantly, the company’s exposure is diversified, with fewer than 20% of its imports coming from China, Mexico, and Canada. The proposed 25% tariff on Canadian and Mexican imports poses a significant risk, potentially increasing grocery prices and causing shortages of essential items in the U.S. Additionally, tariffs on Chinese imports might also raise the prices of electronics and furniture sold at Costco.
Although inflation concerns have somewhat eased, they still persist. Trump’s aggressive policies on tariffs and immigration have revived worries about a potential return of inflation. This uncertainty, combined with the U.S. economy’s susceptibility to a downturn, raises the possibility of a recession. See our analysis here on the macro picture. Furthermore, the global geopolitical environment has become increasingly unstable, characterized by the ongoing Ukraine-Russia conflict, escalating trade tensions, and strained relationships with traditional allies such as Canada, Mexico, and Europe. These factors present significant risks, underscoring the importance of closely monitoring the macroeconomic outlook.
COST stock has been more resilient than the benchmark S&P 500 index during some recent downturns. While investors remain hopeful for a soft landing for the U.S. economy, how severe could a future recession be? Our dashboard How Low Can Stocks Go During A Market Crash illustrates how key stocks performed during and after the last six market crashes.
• COST stock dropped 30.6% from a high of $600.04 on 8 April 2022 to $416.43 on 20 May 2022, compared to a peak-to-trough decline of 25.4% for the S&P 500
 • The stock fully recovered to its pre-Crisis peak by 7 December 2023
 • Since then, the stock has risen to a high of $1,076.86 on 13 February 2025 and is currently trading at around $940
• COST stock declined 13.6% from a high of $324.08 on 20 February 2020 to $279.85 on 12 March 2020, compared to a peak-to-trough drop of 33.9% for the S&P 500
 • The stock fully rebounded to its pre-Crisis peak by 9 July 2020
• COST stock dropped 48.5% from a high of $74.66 on 8 July 2008 to $38.44
In summary, it does not help that Costco’s stock remains expensive. Its current valuation of 58 times last year’s earnings seems overextended, far exceeding the pre-pandemic price-to-earnings range of 25 to 30. Moreover, Costco’s Revenue growth has decelerated, with FY 2024 recording the slowest growth in seven years. Thus, while many appreciate Costco for its low prices and convenient services, ask yourself: will you hold your Costco stock now, or will you panic and sell if it begins to decline to $800, $700, or even lower?
Holding onto a falling stock is never simple. Trefis collaborates with Empirical Asset Management—a Boston area wealth manager—whose asset allocation strategies delivered positive returns during the 2008-09 period when the S&P fell by more than 40%. Empirical has integrated the Trefis HQ Portfoliointo this asset allocation framework to offer clients improved returns with reduced risk compared to the benchmark index, as shown in the HQ Portfolio performance metrics.
COST Return Compared With Trefis Reinforced Portfolio 
Invest with Trefis
Market Beating Portfolios | Rules-Based Wealth"
45,2025-03-12,"Tesla (TSLA+5.27%), Nvidia (NVDA+2.83%), Palantir and chip stocks led a Nasdaq rebound on Wednesday.
The Nasdaq Composite index ended the day with a 1.22% gain, following a February CPI report showing that inflation slowed more than expected last month. The rebound was more muted in the rest of the market, with the S&P 500 up only about 0.5% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average down about 0.2%.
Tesla closed up 7.6% at a little over $248 a share, Nvidia ended the day up 6.43% to close at $115.74 a share. This followed a particularly rough start to the week, as investors became increasingly worried about the effects of President Donald Trump’s unpredictable tariff policies.
Tesla stock, in particular, has been on a steady decline amid blowback over CEO Elon Musk’s political activities and his work to slash government spending through the Trump administration’s Department of Government Efficiency. Protests against the company’s showrooms and facilities, as well as vandalism of Tesla cars, have increased recently.
In response, Trump on Tuesday brought five Teslas to the White House’s southern lawn, including a cherry red Model S which he ended up purchasing. Also on Tuesday, Musk shared in an X post that Tesla would commit to doubling its vehicle production in the U.S. over the next two years.
Tech giant Palantir (PLTR+3.02%) was another winner of Wednesday. Palantir shares ended the day up 7.18%, closing at $83.65 a share after the company announced late Tuesday that it will be hosting its sixth Artificial Intelligence Platform event on Thursday.
Chip stocks were also up following news that Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSM+0.65%) approached chip giants Nvidia, AMD (AMD+2.99%), and Broadcom (AVGO+4.20%) to form a joint venture to run Intel’s (INTC-6.40%) foundry division. TSMC would run the operations, but would not own more than 50% of the assets, according to Reuters.
Earlier in March, the White House announced that TSMC plans to invest at least $100 billion in building out chip manufacturing plants in the U.S. over the next four years.
Intel gained 4.56%, TSMC 3.63%, AMD 4.17%, and Broadcom ended the day up 2.18%
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
46,2025-03-12,"
        UBS Gr (NYSE:UBS) has outperformed the market over the past 5 years by 13.52% on an annualized basis producing an average annual return of 30.71%. Currently, UBS Gr has a market capitalization of $101.69 billion. Buying $100 In UBS: If ...Full story available on Benzinga.com
    "
47,2025-03-12,"
        Keurig Dr Pepper (NASDAQ:KDP) has outperformed the market over the past 15 years by 1.12% on an annualized basis producing an average annual return of 12.08%. Currently, Keurig Dr Pepper has a market capitalization of $44.53 billion. Buying $100 In KDP: ...Full story available on…
    "
48,2025-03-12,"
        If any investor has stood the test of time, it is Warren Buffett, and with good reason. For years, the “Oracle of Omaha” has had a rock-star-like presence in the investing world, and his annual Berkshire Hathaway shareholders meeting draws thousands of loyal fans who are investors.…
    "
49,2025-03-12,"
        Investors have become increasingly unnerved by President Trump's trade policies in recent weeks. The benchmark S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) has not only dropped 4% year to date, but has also declined more than 8% from the record high it reached last month.Will the stock market continue…
    "
50,2025-03-12,"Fujifilm has been on a roll with in-demand products, but they’re very aware that the market is changing and they must continue to innovate.
Phototrend sat down with Fujifilm during CP+ and mentioned some curious things about the Chinese Market.
It feels like every time I sit down to sift through camera news this is jumping out at me more and more.  It was just today when we wrote about the January 2025 CIPA results and detailed what we were seeing in China and compacts, and how Japan is still on a compact craze, and here we are again, talking about it some more.
We have seen the importance of the Chinese market rise over the past 18 or so months for the Japanese camera companies, as it moved to be the largest regional market for mirrorless cameras that CIPA monitors.
Phototrend asked if they felt it was a mistake for them not to get into the full frame market, and Fuji stated that their sales were increasing especially in the younger generation and especially female photographers.  They are looking for better quality products than their phones, and they want a camera that also looks good.
The X100VI fit that role well, and right now the Chinese market is the driving force behind Fujifilm sales.  This is especially important when 40% of the population is between the age of 20 and 39 in China.
The key to our success is that we launch attractive products and services that meet our customers’ expectations.
Fujifilm is increasing the manufacturing rate of the X100 VI but still has not matched the demand, and they expect the demand to continue for at least 1 or 2 more years.  That’s some impressive demand.
I think what’s also important to note is that this isn’t an inexpensive camera.  While China’s economy is growing quickly, and there is more wealth for personal items, a $1600 built in lens or compact camera (selling for around 12,999 Yuan) is still an expensive purchase, especially when you consider the average salary in Shanghai still runs around $1900 per month.
To put that into a smartphone perspective, the Xiaomi Fold 4, which is a dual display folding phone, which are usually considered the most expensive tier of smartphones, is a ‘mere’ 8999 yuan or $1250.
I think Fujifilm was smart in a couple of ways, they didn’t chase full frame and spread their lens ecosystem across two different sensor sizes of APS-C and full frame, and they concentrated on APS-C lenses, when the bigger companies of Nikon, Sony and Canon chased the full frame market and largely ignored APS-C.
Canon and the other manufacturers getting back into compact cameras or built in lens cameras (for those that are not quite “compact”) is a good thing, but they seem to be also missing part of the equation that Fujifilm is mentioning here, which is – does it look good.
The Fujifilm X100 VI isn’t exactly a small camera, it’s a good size larger than the PowerShot V1, but especially the silver and black model carry a distinctive look that leaves the other cameras looking quite “plain”.
Also, the Fujifilm X100 VI, with its 35mm F2.0 equivalent lens and a 40MP APS-C sensor combined with IBIS is a stills photography camera on steroids, but especially the silver model, it just looks good at the same time.  Competent photography gear doesn’t necessarily have to be all black and boring.
This is a topic that I’ve touched on before in an opinion piece last year that talked more about this, basically talking more about CP+, but in 2024.  One year later and we are still looking at a Shifting Focus in Marketing from the big companies.  It’s one thing to shift marketing, but you still need to deliver the products that help sell that message. 
Fujifilm took that message to heart – and gained greatly from it.  We’ve seen Nikon’s own Zf and Zfc sell well in Japan last year as well. 
I shot hundreds of rolls of film on Minolta cameras in the 80’s before I moved to Canon, so I’d love to see Sony do something there too.  Sony has introduced some styling, it’s A7C mirrorless camera in silver is a good-looking camera, with great features and image quality, and has hardly left the top 10 sales lists in Japan since its release.
Interestingly, DPReview published their thoughts on CP+ and made note of this message, and who was going to CP+ this year, stating that the show attendees also included a significant number of younger photographers and also women.
What jumped out, however, was the number of young people we saw in attendance, and it was common to see them in sections of booths specifically targeting ‘creators.’ You found them in other places, too; at least anecdotally, the industry’s efforts to connect with this up-and-coming customer base may be paying dividends.
Additionally, it seemed like there were more women in attendance this year. I don’t have any hard data to back this up, so you’ll have to trust my observations, but it’s certainly a good sign if the industry is more effectively connecting with women photographers.
This is all great news for the industry, and we can only hope this continues.
Canon coming out with an R5 mark II and an R1 last year was great for us photography geeks but did little for that message.
Now we know that Canon is waking up a bit in this area that they have ignored for 30+ years and coming out finally with a RE-1 or similarly named classical looking camera, and this is a good step in the right direction for Canon.  It’s only been how many years since Nikon made the Nikon Df and followed that up in the mirrorless world with the Zf and the Zfc cameras? It’s about time Canon. 
My understanding was that Canon didn’t want to revisit the FD era because of the pain of that forced transition from the FD mount to the EF mount, which probably ranks up there as one of the most ballsy moves by any camera company.  To be fair, talking with some old Canon users, they are STILL upset about that switch from FD, so Canon may have a good point.
But its long overdue.  Canon has a rich and long history of making some of the most technological advanced cameras on the market, and they should be celebrating that history, not hiding from it.
We hope that Canon will continue down this road and develop mirrorless camera that adopt a better “look” to attract cameras to different segments of the population that may be interested in a better device than a phone but also want something that looks good too.
The expansion of the market is a good thing, and attracting a new generation of photographers means that these companies will continue to innovate and make great products.
Gearing more products to a younger audience will mean that the companies, instead of hoping to sell the next camera to the same photographers that are getting quite old I might add (yours truly) that they will be targeting newer and more diverse photographers and creators.
Only time will tell.
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here's how it works.

Comments are closed.

Type above and press Enter to search. Press Esc to cancel."
51,2025-03-12,"ByTrefis Team

ByTrefis Team
, Contributor. 
ORCL Stock
 
Oracle (NASDAQ:ORCL) recently announced its fiscal third quarter results for the period ending February 2025, reporting earnings of $1.47 per share on revenues of $14.13 billion. This represents a 6% year-over-year increase in sales and 4% growth in earnings. However, the company fell short of Wall Street expectations, which had projected earnings of $1.49 per share on sales of $14.39 billion. Separately, will weakness continue? See Why You Shouldn’t Be Buying Southwest Airlines Stock.
Despite missing analyst estimates, Oracle's performance showed significant strengths. The company's remaining performance obligations—a key indicator of future business—grew impressively by 62% to $130 billion, exceeding consensus estimates. Additionally, Oracle's cloud infrastructure business, which is experiencing strong growth due to increased AI demand, posted a robust 49% year-over-year increase.
Still, what concerned investors was Oracle’s guidance for the upcoming quarter. The company forecasts revenue growth between 8% and 10%, below analysts' expectations of approximately 11% growth. Oracle also projected adjusted earnings of $1.61 to $1.65 per share, falling short of the $1.79 per share that analysts had anticipated.
Beyond the impact of earnings, this is a concerning period for the broader markets, which creates additional challenges for Oracle. The growing economic concerns in the United States, sparked by President Trump’s implementation of tariffs, are fostering an unfavorable climate for markets in general. Oracle stock is unlikely to remain immune to these conditions. In fact, we think that ORCL stock could decline to as low as $110 per share.
Here’s the thing, in a downturn, ORCL can lose – no – there is evidence, from the recent economic downturns, that ORCL stock lost as much as 40% of its value over a span of just a few quarters. Now, of course, individual stocks are more volatile than a portfolio – and in this environment if you seek upside with less volatility than a single stock, consider the High-Quality portfolio, which has outperformed the S&P 500 and achieved returns greater than 91% since inception.
While the surge in Oracle’s cloud infrastructure business is commendable, substantial macroeconomic headwinds warrant attention. Though inflation concerns have diminished, they haven't disappeared. The current administration's aggressive tariff and immigration policies have rekindled inflation anxieties, potentially signaling economic turbulence ahead.
The heightened geopolitical uncertainty stemming from the new administration's bold policy initiatives presents additional challenges. With ongoing conflicts in Ukraine-Russia, trade uncertainties, and strained negotiations with long-standing allies including Canada, Mexico, and Europe, the risk landscape has grown increasingly complex.
Notably, despite ORCL stock faring better than the benchmark S&P 500 index during the recent market downturns—a critical consideration for investors evaluating their risk tolerance in today's volatile environment—it still experienced sharp declines.
While investors have their fingers crossed for a soft landing by the U.S. economy, how bad can things get if there is another recession? Our dashboard How Low Can Stocks Go During A Market Crash captures how key stocks fared during and after the last six market crashes.
• ORCL stock fell 31.6% from a high of $89.28 on 10 January 2022 to $61.07 on 2 October 2022, vs. a peak-to-trough decline of 25.4% for the S&P 500
  • The stock fully recovered to its pre-Crisis peak by 24 January 2023
  • Since then, the stock has increased to a high of $192.43 on 21 November 2024 and currently trades at around $145
• ORCL stock fell 28.3% from a high of $55.51 on 20 February 2020 to $39.80 on 12 March 2020, vs. a peak-to-trough decline of 33.9% for the S&P 500
  • The stock fully recovered to its pre-Crisis peak by 2 July 2020
• ORCL stock fell 41.1% from a high of $23.52 on 10 August 2008 to $13.85 on 9 March 2009, vs. a peak-to-trough decline of 56.8% for the S&P 500
  • The stock fully recovered to its pre-Crisis peak by 18 December 2009
In conclusion, although ORCL stock currently benefits from investor optimism fueled by substantial cloud growth during the AI surge, it trades at a premium valuation of 24x forward earnings, exceeding the stock’s four-year average price-to-earnings ratio of 20x. So ask yourself the question: if you want to hold on to your ORCL stock, will you panic and sell if it starts dropping to $110 or even lower levels?
Holding on to a falling stock is not always easy. Trefis works with Empirical Asset – a Boston area wealth manager, whose asset allocation strategies yielded positive returns during 2008/2009 timeframe, when the S&P lost more than 40%.
Empirical has incorporated the Trefis HQ Portfolio in this asset allocation framework to provide clients better returns with less risk versus the benchmark index; less of a roller-coaster ride, as evident in HQ Portfolio performance metrics.
While investors have their fingers crossed for a soft landing by the U.S. economy, how bad can things get if there is another recession? See the last six market crashes compared.
ORCL Return Compared With Trefis Reinforced Portfolio 
Invest with Trefis
Market Beating Portfolios | Rules-Based Wealth"
52,2025-03-12,"By 


      The Associated Press
    


                European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen addresses European Parliament members on new plans to ramp up defense spending agreed at last week's summit, Tuesday, March 11, 2025 at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, eastern France.
                
                    
                    Pascal Bastien/AP
                    
                
hide caption

BRUSSELS — The European Union on Wednesday announced retaliatory trade action with a series of duties on U.S. industrial and agricultural products that will go into effect from April 1, responding to the Trump administration increase in tariffs on all steel and aluminum imports to 25%.
The world's biggest trading bloc was expecting the U.S. tariffs and prepared in advance, but the measures still place great strain on already tense transatlantic relations. Only last month, Washington warned Europe that it would have to take care of its own security in the future.
The EU measures will cover goods from the United States worth some 26 billion euros ($28 billion), and not just steel and aluminum products, but also textiles, home appliances and agricultural goods. Motorcycles, bourbon, peanut butter and jeans will be hit, as they were during President Donald Trump's first term.
Britain — which is not part of the EU — meanwhile said it would not impose retaliatory measures of its own on the United States. The U.K. government called Washington's decision to impose 25% tariffs on global steel and aluminum imports ""disappointing.""
European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said in a statement announcing the measures Wednesday that the bloc ""will always remain open to negotiation.""
""As the U.S. are applying tariffs worth 28 billion dollars, we are responding with countermeasures worth 26 billion euros,"" she said. The commission manages trade and commercial conflicts on behalf of the 27 member EU countries.
""We firmly believe that in a world fraught with geopolitical and economic uncertainties, it is not in our common interest to burden our economies with tariffs,"" von der Leyen said.
The commission also said that steel and aluminum products would be hit in return, but also textiles, leather goods, home appliances, household tools, plastics and wood. Agricultural products will also be impacted — including poultry, beef, some seafood, nuts, eggs, sugar and vegetables.
Trump said his taxes would help create U.S. factory jobs, but von der Leyen said: ""Jobs are at stake. Prices will go up. In Europe and in the United States.""
""We deeply regret this measure. Tariffs are taxes. They are bad for business, and even worse for consumers. These tariffs are disrupting supply chains. They bring uncertainty for the economy,"" she said.
Trump slapped similar tariffs on EU steel and aluminum during his first term in office, which enraged European and other allies. The EU also imposed countermeasures in retaliation at the time, raising tariffs on U.S.-made motorcycles, bourbon, peanut butter and jeans, among other items.
This time, the EU action will involve two steps. First, the commission will reintroduce what it calls ""rebalancing measures,"" which the EU had from 2018 and 2020 but which were suspended under the Biden administration, then additional duties targeting 18 billion euros ($19.6 billion) in U.S. exports to the bloc.
EU Trade Commissioner Maroš Šefčovič traveled to Washington last month in an effort to head off the tariffs, meeting with U.S. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick and other top trade officials.
He said on Wednesday that it became clear during that trip ""that the EU is not the problem.""
""I argued to avoid the unnecessary burden of measures and countermeasures, but you need a partner for that. You need both hands to clap,"" Šefčovič told reporters at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France.
The EU could lose up to 3.7 million tons of steel exports, according to Henrik Adam, president of the Eurofer European steel association.
""It will further worsen the situation of the European steel industry, exacerbating an already dire market environment,"" Adam said last month.
The U.S. is the second biggest export market for EU steel producers, representing 16% of the total EU steel exports.
""Losing a significant part of these exports cannot be compensated by EU exports to other markets,"" Adam said.
The EU estimates that annual trade volume between both sides stands at about $1.5 trillion, representing some 30% of global trade. While the bloc has a substantial export surplus in goods, it says that is partly offset by the U.S. surplus in the trade of services.
The commission says that trade in goods reached 851 billion euros ($878 billion) in 2023, with a trade surplus of 156 billion euros ($161 billion) for the EU. Trade in services was worth 688 billion euros ($710 billion) with a trade deficit of 104 billion euros ($107 billion) for the EU.
Meanwhile, British Business Secretary Jonathan Reynolds said Wednesday he would ""continue to engage closely and productively with the U.S. to press the case for U.K. business interests."" He did not rule out future tariffs on U.S. imports, saying ""we will keep all options on the table and won't hesitate to respond in the national interest.""
Center-left Prime Minister Keir Starmer has worked to build strong ties with Trump, in hope of avoiding the tariffs levied on many other U.S. trading partners.
Reynolds said the government remains ""focused on a pragmatic approach and are rapidly negotiating a wider economic agreement with the U.S. to eliminate additional tariffs and to benefit U.K. businesses and our economy.""
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
53,2025-03-12,"Stocks extended gains in premarket trading on Wednesday after an encouraging inflation report, indicating a possible rebound after the selloff on Monday and Tuesday. Dow Jones Industrial Average futures gained about 1%, S&P 500 futures rose 1.3%, and Nasdaq 100 futures popped 1.7% at about 8:45 a.m. in New York
The CPI increased 0.2% in February from January, less than consensus estimates of a 0.3% increase, and slowing from the prior month’s 0.5% gain. Annual headline and core inflation eased slightly to 2.8% and 3.1%, respectively, also slightly slower than projected.
Economists diverge on whether sticky inflation is likely to keep the Federal Reserve on hold this year, with some expecting no interest rate cut at all and others expecting up to three rate reductions as the labor market slows amid increased uncertainty driven by Trump’s economic policies.
Helping matters: President Donald Trump on Tuesday afternoon canceled his doubling of tariffs on Canadian-made steel and aluminum to 50% after Premier Doug Ford of Ontario agreed to suspend a charge on electricity sent to the U.S. following a conversation with Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick.
Stocks to watch today:
Intel (INTC-6.40%) stock jumped 5.2% premarket after Reuters reported that Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSM+0.65%) approached Nvidia (NVDA+2.83%), Advanced Micro Devices (AMD+2.99%) and Broadcom (AVGO+4.20%) about forming a joint venture to run Intel’s foundry division. TSMC wouldn’t own more than 50% of the joint venture, the newswire said. 
Nvidia stock gained 4.1% in premarket trading, leading most other Big Tech companies higher. Apple (AAPL+1.26%) shares reversed early declines to edge slightly higher. Palantir (PLTR+3.02%) stock  gained 6.2%
Tesla (TSLA+5.27%) stock gained about 5.9% in premarket trading, extending Tuesday’s rebound after Monday’s 15% selloff.
iRobot (IRBT-1.74%) stock plunged 36% after raising a “substantial doubt” about its ability to continue operating, Bloomberg reported. The company makes the Roomba autonomous home vacuum cleaners, among other products.
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
54,2025-03-12,"


								
									AAPL: 216.16 ( +0.92 )								

									Copyright © 2025 Quiller Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
								
The new iPad Air together with the Magic Keyboard, sold separately -- image credit: Apple
After a week on pre-order, Apple's refreshed iPad Air with M3 processors is now available to buy immediately and the first pre-ordered ones are arriving in users' hands. Apple announced the new M3 11-inch iPad Air and 13-inch iPad Air on March 4, 2025. Unusually, Apple did not do its usual taking down of the online store or even having any delay, as instead pre-orders were being taken immediately.Then just as with the iPhone 16e, there has also not been the familiar situation of the most popular configurations being immediately placed on back-order. Throughout the pre-order period, at least most colors and configurations of both the 11-inch and 13-inch models remained available for shipping to arrive on launch day.Now with launch day here, online orders have moved back to one business day, but Apple Stores have the two models in stock. It's practically guaranteed that all Apple Stores will have the base new models in stock, and also have them in all four colors —  Space Grey, Blue, Purple, and Starlight.Apple Stores are unlikely, however, to have all configurations available for immediate purchase. As well as the two sizes and the four colors, the iPad Air can be ordered with 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, or 1TB of storage.At time of writing, all configurations are available online for next-day delivery. However, Apple Stores will typically stock only the base or most popular configurations.Online or in-store, the 11-inch iPad Air starts at $599 for the base 128GB Wi-Fi-only model. Choosing the cellular model adds $150 to the purchase price, plus your carrier's monthly fee.The 13-inch iPad Air starts at $799 for $128GB Wi-Fi-only, or $949 for the cellular model.For full details of the new iPad Air configurations, and how the models compare to the rest of the iPad range, read the AppleInsider iPad buyers' guide.
Apple announced the new M3 11-inch iPad Air and 13-inch iPad Air on March 4, 2025. Unusually, Apple did not do its usual taking down of the online store or even having any delay, as instead pre-orders were being taken immediately.
Then just as with the iPhone 16e, there has also not been the familiar situation of the most popular configurations being immediately placed on back-order. Throughout the pre-order period, at least most colors and configurations of both the 11-inch and 13-inch models remained available for shipping to arrive on launch day.
Now with launch day here, online orders have moved back to one business day, but Apple Stores have the two models in stock. It's practically guaranteed that all Apple Stores will have the base new models in stock, and also have them in all four colors —  Space Grey, Blue, Purple, and Starlight.
Apple Stores are unlikely, however, to have all configurations available for immediate purchase. As well as the two sizes and the four colors, the iPad Air can be ordered with 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, or 1TB of storage.

At time of writing, all configurations are available online for next-day delivery. However, Apple Stores will typically stock only the base or most popular configurations.
Online or in-store, the 11-inch iPad Air starts at $599 for the base 128GB Wi-Fi-only model. Choosing the cellular model adds $150 to the purchase price, plus your carrier's monthly fee.
The 13-inch iPad Air starts at $799 for $128GB Wi-Fi-only, or $949 for the cellular model.
For full details of the new iPad Air configurations, and how the models compare to the rest of the iPad range, read the AppleInsider iPad buyers' guide.
William Gallagher has 30 years of experience between the BBC and AppleInsider discussing Apple technology. Outside of AppleInsider, he's best known for writing Doctor Who radio dramas for BBC/Big Finish, and is the De...
UTM is an emulator for virtualizing other operating systems. Here's how to use it to run Apple's Mac OS 9 on a Mac running on Apple Silicon.
It's much easier to share Apple Vision Pro with someone, especially if they're going to put it on more than once in a short period. Here's how guest mode works today.
The Hollyland Lark M2 was already a small, high-quality wireless microphone you could get for the iPhone, but now its M2S successor is even more tiny.
A Federal Civil Court judge ruled that Apple will not be required to enable sideloading in Brazil, meaning that the iPhone maker can continue to distribute apps exclusively via the App Store.
Plex has announced that it will no longer offer free remote streaming for personal media and says its subscription options will see a significant price increase effective April 29, 2025.
While much has been written throughout the years about Apple's cellular modem and how it would stack up versus Qualcomm, Apple's C1 modem in the iPhone 16e is no slouch when it comes to actual internet speeds.
Maybe Apple will never fully walk away from Europe, but the European Commission has just guaranteed that the citizens of its member states will always be the last to get new iPhone features — if they get them at all.
A recent survey found Apple's new iPhone 16e isn't impressing existing iPhone users, but it misses the point on the smartphone's intended consumer base.
Apple's latest update to the entry-level iPad doesn't add much, sits in a strange spot in the lineup, and is not powerful to join the company's Apple Intelligence push.
Eliminate cord clutter with the Baseus Nomos 5-in-1 Desktop Charger, a pint-sized desktop charger that packs a punch.
After five years, Apple has dropped a $23 million lawsuit against recycling firm Geep Canada, with no explanation for how the alleged theft of 100,000 iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch was resolved.
"
55,2025-03-12,"ByTrefis Team

ByTrefis Team
, Contributor. 
LUV Stock
Southwest Airlines (NYSE:LUV) stock surged 8% on Tuesday, March 11, after it announced that it will begin charging certain customers for checked bags, abandoning its distinctive free baggage policy. This change comes as disappointing financial results have increased pressure on the airline to transform its business approach. As an aside, will disappointing guidance lead to future weakness? See Will Oracle Stock Drop To $110?
 
At levels of $30, LUV stock is unattractive based on its financials, and the recent announcement does little to change that. We believe there are several major concerns with LUV stock, which makes it very unattractive given that its current valuation looks high.
 We arrive at our conclusion by comparing the current valuation of LUV stock with its operating performance over the recent years as well as its current and historical financial condition. Our analysis of Southwest Airlines along key parameters of Growth, Profitability, Financial Stability, and Downturn Resilience shows that the company has a very weak operating performance and financial condition, as detailed below. That said, if you seek upside with lower volatility than individual stocks, the Trefis High-Quality portfolio presents an alternative - having outperformed the S&P 500 and generated returns exceeding 91% since its inception.
Going by what you pay per dollar of sales or profit, LUV stock looks slightly expensive compared to the broader market.
• Southwest Airlines has a price-to-sales (P/S) ratio of 0.7 vs. a figure of 3.2 for the S&P 500
 • Additionally, the company's price-to-operating income (P/EBIT) ratio is 57.9 compared to 24.3 for S&P 500
 • And, it has a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 40.2 vs. the benchmark's 24.3
Southwest Airlines' Revenues have seen some growth over recent years.
• Southwest Airlines has seen its top line grow at an average rate of 21.9% over the last 3 years (vs. an increase of 6.9% for S&P 500)
 • Its revenues have grown 5.3% from $26 Bil to $27 Bil in the last 12 months (vs. growth of 5.2% for S&P 500)
 • Also, its quarterly revenues grew 1.6% to $6.9 Bil in the most recent quarter from $6.8 Bil a year ago (vs. 5.0% improvement for S&P 500)
Southwest Airlines' profit margins are considerably worse than most companies in the Trefis coverage universe.
• Southwest Airlines' Operating Income over the last four quarters was $321 Mil, which represents a very poor Operating Margin of 1.2% (vs. 13.0% for S&P 500)
 • Southwest Airlines’ Operating Cash Flow (OCF) over this period was $462 Mil, pointing to a very poor OCF-to-Sales Ratio of 1.7% (vs. 15.7% for S&P 500)
Southwest Airlines' balance sheet looks fine.
• Southwest Airlines' Debt figure was $8.1 Bil at the end of the most recent quarter, while its market capitalization is $18 Bil (as of 3/11/2025). This implies a poor Debt-to-Equity Ratio of 43.4% (vs. 19.0% for S&P 500). [Note: A lower Debt-to-Equity Ratio is desirable]
 • Cash (including cash equivalents) makes up $8.7 Bil of the $34 Bil in Total Assets for Southwest Airlines. This yields a strong Cash-to-Assets Ratio of 25.9% (vs. 14.8% for S&P 500)
LUV stock has fared worse than the benchmark S&P 500 index during some of the recent downturns. Worried about the impact of a market crash on LUV stock? Our dashboard How Low Can Stocks Go During A Market Crash captures how key stocks fared during and after the last six market crashes.
• LUV stock fell 36.3% from a high of $48.38 on 21 April 2022 to $30.84 on 2 October 2022, vs. a peak-to-trough decline of 25.4% for the S&P 500
 • The stock is yet to recover to its pre-Crisis high
 • The highest the stock has reached since then is $40.08 on 1 December 2022 and currently trades at around $30
• LUV stock fell 46.0% from a high of $57.11 on 19 February 2020 to $30.86 on 19 March 2020, vs. a peak-to-trough decline of 33.9% for the S&P 500
 • The stock fully recovered to its pre-Crisis peak by 24 February 2021
• LUV stock fell 69.6% from a high of $16.47 on 5 August 2008 to $5.01 on 5 March 2009, vs. a peak-to-trough decline of 56.8% for the S&P 500
 • The stock fully recovered to its pre-Crisis peak by 24 October 2013

In summary, Southwest Airlines' performance across the parameters detailed above are as follows:
• Growth: Strong
 • Profitability: Extremely Weak
 • Financial Stability: Neutral
 • Downturn Resilience: Very Weak
 • Overall: Weak
In addition, keeping in mind its high valuation, we think that the stock is very unattractive, which supports our conclusion that LUV is a very bad stock to buy.
While you would do well to avoid LUV stock for now, you could explore the Trefis Reinforced Value (RV) Portfolio, which has outperformed its all-cap stocks benchmark (combination of the S&P 500, S&P mid-cap, and Russell 2000 benchmark indices) to produce strong returns for investors. Why is that? The quarterly rebalanced mix of large-, mid- and small-cap RV Portfolio stocks provided a responsive way to make the most of upbeat market conditions while limiting losses when markets head south, as detailed in RV Portfolio performance metrics.
LUV Return Compared With Trefis Reinforced Portfolio 
Invest with Trefis
Market Beating Portfolios | Rules-Based Wealth"
56,2025-03-12,"


								
									AAPL: 216.16 ( +0.92 )								

									Copyright © 2025 Quiller Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
								
iPhone 16e
Apple's lower-priced iPhone models might seem weak at first, but they're still outperforming nearly every other competitor in the smartphone market. A recent report from Consumer Intelligence Research Partners (CIRP) claims Apple's low-end phones, like the discontinued iPhone mini and SE models, have struggled. They share that the data comprises under 20% of iPhone sales recently and dropping to just 5%.The firm argues that the iPhone 16e also faces an unclear future as it replaces the budget-friendly SE model with a higher price point. However, focusing only on internal percentages can be misleading.Entry-level iPhone sales compared to rivalsApple's least popular models outperform the flagship phones of many competing brands. In 2022, eight of the top ten best-selling smartphones globally were iPhones. This trend continues into 2025. iPhone model share by calendar quarter. Image credit: CIRPFor perspective, Apple's iPhone 14 alone represented 19% of all iPhone sales in 2023, surpassing entire smartphone lineups from rivals such as Google. In contrast, Google's Pixel lineup rarely appears in global top-ten lists or even top-five. It struggles to match even Apple's most modest-performing models. For example, the company's market share of smartphone shipments in the U.S. maintained a 3% share from 2023-2024.But that wasn't enough to make it onto the top five list. Instead, Google was relegated to ""Others.""On the China side, represented through its subsidiary, Motorola, Lenovo held a 10% market share in the US smartphone market during Q4 2024. However, Vivo took the number one spot in China's smartphone shipments, at 18% in quarter four of 2024.Apple doesn't need its entry-level models to dominate internally to remain commercially successful. The scale of the company's operations ensures that even lower-selling devices achieve sales volumes competitors dream of.While CIRP suggests Apple struggles to market entry-level phones effectively, the broader picture tells a different story. Apple's entry-level offerings aren't just holding their own —  they're often outselling the best efforts from other smartphone manufacturers.
A recent report from Consumer Intelligence Research Partners (CIRP) claims Apple's low-end phones, like the discontinued iPhone mini and SE models, have struggled. They share that the data comprises under 20% of iPhone sales recently and dropping to just 5%.
The firm argues that the iPhone 16e also faces an unclear future as it replaces the budget-friendly SE model with a higher price point. 
However, focusing only on internal percentages can be misleading.
Apple's least popular models outperform the flagship phones of many competing brands. In 2022, eight of the top ten best-selling smartphones globally were iPhones. This trend continues into 2025.
For perspective, Apple's iPhone 14 alone represented 19% of all iPhone sales in 2023, surpassing entire smartphone lineups from rivals such as Google. 
In contrast, Google's Pixel lineup rarely appears in global top-ten lists or even top-five. It struggles to match even Apple's most modest-performing models. For example, the company's market share of smartphone shipments in the U.S. maintained a 3% share from 2023-2024.

But that wasn't enough to make it onto the top five list. Instead, Google was relegated to ""Others.""
On the China side, represented through its subsidiary, Motorola, Lenovo held a 10% market share in the US smartphone market during Q4 2024. However, Vivo took the number one spot in China's smartphone shipments, at 18% in quarter four of 2024.
Apple doesn't need its entry-level models to dominate internally to remain commercially successful. The scale of the company's operations ensures that even lower-selling devices achieve sales volumes competitors dream of.
While CIRP suggests Apple struggles to market entry-level phones effectively, the broader picture tells a different story. Apple's entry-level offerings aren't just holding their own —  they're often outselling the best efforts from other smartphone manufacturers.
Andrew is a writer and commentator who has been sharing his insights on technology since 2015. He has authored numerous online articles covering a range of topics including Apple, privacy, and security. Andrew joined ...
The competition would LOVE to sell as much as Apple’s worst selling phones.   

The competition would LOVE to sell as much as Apple’s worst selling phones.   
Comparing sales of Apple phones to all other brands running Android doesn’t seem like a meaningful comparison.  Obviously the android market is diluted with countless devices vs a single company selling iOS devices.

Comparing sales of Apple phones to all other brands running Android doesn’t seem like a meaningful comparison.  Obviously the android market is diluted with countless devices vs a single company selling iOS devices.
Well then, if they ONLY sell as well as most other companies offerings, it sounds like it's time to refresh the Mini in the near future.It won't put Apple out of business, and my 12 mini is getting a little long in the tooth (what ever that means).

Well then, if they ONLY sell as well as most other companies offerings, it sounds like it's time to refresh the Mini in the near future.It won't put Apple out of business, and my 12 mini is getting a little long in the tooth (what ever that means).

baconstang said:
Well then, if they ONLY sell as well as most other companies offerings, it sounds like it's time to refresh the Mini in the near future.It won't put Apple out of business, and my 12 mini is getting a little long in the tooth (what ever that means).

I bought a refurbished 13 mini the day after the 16 E-waste was announced.  I wanted to replace my 2nd gen SE, and thought they would have a 4th generation SE.   The phrase “long in the tooth” is believed to originate from horses, or more specifically, a horse’s teeth. How so? Because the older a horse gets, the longer their teeth become. So it is possible to give an approximation for how old a horse is simply by looking at their teeth.


I bought a refurbished 13 mini the day after the 16 E-waste was announced.  I wanted to replace my 2nd gen SE, and thought they would have a 4th generation SE.   The phrase “long in the tooth” is believed to originate from horses, or more specifically, a horse’s teeth. How so? Because the older a horse gets, the longer their teeth become. So it is possible to give an approximation for how old a horse is simply by looking at their teeth.

baconstang said:
Well then, if they ONLY sell as well as most other companies offerings, it sounds like it's time to refresh the Mini in the near future.It won't put Apple out of business, and my 12 mini is getting a little long in the tooth (what ever that means).

yyzguy said:

baconstang said:
Well then, if they ONLY sell as well as most other companies offerings, it sounds like it's time to refresh the Mini in the near future.It won't put Apple out of business, and my 12 mini is getting a little long in the tooth (what ever that means).

I bought a refurbished 13 mini the day after the 16 E-waste was announced.  I wanted to replace my 2nd gen SE, and thought they would have a 4th generation SE.   The phrase “long in the tooth” is believed to originate from horses, or more specifically, a horse’s teeth. How so? Because the older a horse gets, the longer their teeth become. So it is possible to give an approximation for how old a horse is simply by looking at their teeth.
Funny how we use phrases properly but don’t know where they came from.   At least you used it properly.   And thanks for the historical reference.   I did not know of its derivation.     Apple doesn’t think the mini has legs/sale potential worthwhile to justify existing.   It probably costs as much to produce as the new 16E based on component use, tooling, vendor prices, and volume.   I see a lot of people talk about wanting a mini, but the vocal were not indicative of the sales.  It’s unfortunate for them.   

Apple doesn’t think the mini has legs/sale potential worthwhile to justify existing.   It probably costs as much to produce as the new 16E based on component use, tooling, vendor prices, and volume.   
UTM is an emulator for virtualizing other operating systems. Here's how to use it to run Apple's Mac OS 9 on a Mac running on Apple Silicon.
It's much easier to share Apple Vision Pro with someone, especially if they're going to put it on more than once in a short period. Here's how guest mode works today.
The Hollyland Lark M2 was already a small, high-quality wireless microphone you could get for the iPhone, but now its M2S successor is even more tiny.
A Federal Civil Court judge ruled that Apple will not be required to enable sideloading in Brazil, meaning that the iPhone maker can continue to distribute apps exclusively via the App Store.
Plex has announced that it will no longer offer free remote streaming for personal media and says its subscription options will see a significant price increase effective April 29, 2025.
While much has been written throughout the years about Apple's cellular modem and how it would stack up versus Qualcomm, Apple's C1 modem in the iPhone 16e is no slouch when it comes to actual internet speeds.
Maybe Apple will never fully walk away from Europe, but the European Commission has just guaranteed that the citizens of its member states will always be the last to get new iPhone features — if they get them at all.
A recent survey found Apple's new iPhone 16e isn't impressing existing iPhone users, but it misses the point on the smartphone's intended consumer base.
The Hollyland Lark M2 was already a small, high-quality wireless microphone you could get for the iPhone, but now its M2S successor is even more tiny.
While much has been written throughout the years about Apple's cellular modem and how it would stack up versus Qualcomm, Apple's C1 modem in the iPhone 16e is no slouch when it comes to actual internet speeds.
Maybe Apple will never fully walk away from Europe, but the European Commission has just guaranteed that the citizens of its member states will always be the last to get new iPhone features — if they get them at all.
"
57,2025-03-12,"Business Insider Edition 
McDonald's takes years to introduce new burgers, its CEO says, and he wants to change that.

        The chain's chief executive, Chris Kempczinski, said he wants to speed up the process of introducing new burgers and improving existing signature burgers. He made these comments in an interview with The Wall Street Journal published on Tuesday.
    

        Kempczinski says he's switching things up in leadership and operations to make the company move faster. Part of that involves changing the job scopes of his leadership team to roll out new technology and products to its restaurants faster.
    

        Jill McDonald, who heads the company's international division, has been tapped to be the chain's first chief restaurant experience officer starting May 1. McDonald is a retail veteran, having held top roles at Marks and Spencer and Costa Coffee.
    

        She'll lead the team responsible for the company's innovation, supply chains, and operations.
    

        ""I wanted one person who's actually looking at all these tech things through the eyes of the restaurant general manager,"" Kempczinski said to the Journal.
    

        He did not elaborate on how else he would speed up the burger development process. Representatives for McDonald's did not respond to a query from Business Insider on the topic, sent outside regular business hours.
    

        In the interview, Kempczinski also hinted at a more extensive drinks menu. He said he would get executives to focus exclusively on beverage development.
    

        He said this would help the company find a way to keep customers in store and buying their drinks rather than going to competitors.
    

        ""We just need to make sure that our menu offering doesn't give somebody a reason why they come to us for their food and they maybe go to the place next door to go get the beverage,"" Kempczinski said.
    

        Kempczinski's comments come as the chain posted stagnant financial results in 2024. The chain's global comparable sales declined 0.1% in 2024. It reported a full-year revenue of $25.92 billion.
    

        When markets closed on Tuesday, McDonald's stock traded at $306.8. It has risen about 4% in the past year.
    

        The fast food industry is facing a wave of cost-conscious consumers in the US who are put off by rising fast food product prices. Some are opting to eat at home.
    

        McDonald's, for its part, has doubled down on cheap meals to attract frugal customers. In a February earnings call, Kempczinski said its $5 meal deals in the US were working.
    

        It also offered a promotion on its Egg McMuffins on March 2, selling the popular breakfast item for $1 despite the skyrocketing egg prices in the US.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
58,2025-03-12,"
						By Luke Dormehl • 8:15 am, March 12, 2025

 March 12, 2010: Apple passes Walmart and investment firm Berkshire Hathaway in value to take third place in market capitalization among publicly listed U.S. companies. The Apple market cap soars past $200 billion, fueled by intense excitement over the first-generation iPad.
Things look good for the company as it guns for powerhouses ExxonMobil and Microsoft.
At the time, AAPL was trading at $226 per share. Today, it trades higher than $217, but bear in mind that a seven-to-one stock split took place in 2014 after AAPL peaked at $645. If that split hadn’t happened, Apple would now be trading at a much higher price.
Back in 2010, it didn’t take Apple long to catch up to market leaders ExxonMobil and Microsoft after passing Walmart. In May 2010, Apple overtook Microsoft, surpassing the tech giant that dominated Cupertino during the previous decade. A little over a year after that, on August 9, 2011, Apple blew past oil giant ExxonMobil to become the world’s most valuable company.
In all, it was an astonishing turnaround for a company that came perilously close to going out of business during the 1990s.
Today, Apple has long since passed its $200 billion valuation. It went on to become the first company in history to reach the $700 billion, the $800 billion and the $900 billion marks. That was all en route to the $3 trillion mark, which Apple achieved on January 3, 2022. (Today, Apple’s market cap sits at $3.26 trillion.)
Did you follow Apple during its climb to the top of the stock market? Did you possess the foresight to invest before the Apple market cap shot sky-high? Let us know in the comments below.
March 13, 2021: Apple discontinues the full-size HomePod just three years after launching the smart speaker. The company says it will focus its audio energy on the HomePod mini, a smaller version launched in November 2020.The original HomePod wowed owners with its impressive audio but failed to make a dent in the smart speaker market dominated by Amazon’s Echo lineup. The second-gen HomePod arrived in 2023 with a similar design, a lower starting price and scaled-back components.
Daily round-ups or a weekly refresher, straight from Cult of Mac to your inbox.
Our daily roundup of Apple news, reviews and how-tos. Plus the best Apple tweets, fun polls and inspiring Steve Jobs bons mots. Our readers say: ""Love what you do"" -- Christi Cardenas. ""Absolutely love the content!"" -- Harshita Arora. ""Genuinely one of the highlights of my inbox"" -- Lee Barnett.
The week's best Apple news, reviews and how-tos from Cult of Mac, every Saturday morning. Our readers say: ""Thank you guys for always posting cool stuff"" -- Vaughn Nevins. ""Very informative"" -- Kenly Xavier."
59,2025-03-12,"ByGuruFocus

ByGuruFocus
, Contributor. 
By Daniel Urbina
Summary:
Shopify (SHOP) is a Canadian e-commerce web development platform that serves clients of all sizes. It also offers complementary services such as payment processing, shipments, marketing, and financing solutions. In 2024, the websites that used Shopify as a provider had an estimated market share of over 12% in US e-commerce.
In the market sell-off of 2022, Shopify's stock suffered significantly, dropping approximately -86%. The company overestimated growth prospects during the pandemic and increased operating expenses from 47.97% of revenue to 63.86%, resulting in an FY 2022 net income loss of $3.447 billion.
Shopify Revenue Trendline Chart
Despite these headwinds, the stock price has recovered significantly, from $25.67 to $110.95, thanks to a strong recovery in revenue growth and margins. Simultaneously, the top line is expected to continue accelerating in the following years as the company cross-sells new solutions and increases its total addressable market.
Shopify generates revenue through two methods. One is through Subscription solutions, which are the least volatile and include recurrent revenue from POS terminals, websites, apps, and domain subscriptions. In Q4 2024, Shopify achieved a record $666 million in this category, rising 26.8% YoY.
The second is through Merchant solutions, which provide customers with a centralized e-commerce platform to run their online business entirely. Here, Shopify earns from payment processing fees, currency conversion, and working capital lending. Recently, the company obtained $2.146 billion in quarterly revenue, growing 32.5% YoY. Finally, based on what the company has described, the sales volume is affected by seasonality, making Q4 the strongest quarter due to holiday demand, while Q1 is typically the weakest.
Shopify TAM Expansion Trends
Shopify has been successful in incorporating every type of client, from solo entrepreneurs who want to build an online store to large enterprises with billions of sales. Simultaneously, the company has been cross-selling other solutions necessary to run an online business, which has allowed the company's financials to grow at double digits and increase its total addressable market.
These integrated solutions have increased customers' switching costs, especially on the web development front, as many apps are built exclusively for Shopify. At the same time, accepting Shopify Payments on a website tends to be cheaper than accepting Stripe or PayPal, as Shopify charges an extra fee per transaction, making customers more inclined to use Shopify Payments.
Although Shopify Payments (part of Merchant solutions) is driving most of the growth, it certainly has lower gross profits than Subscription solutions due to associated third-party costs and lower take rates. For example, in FY 2024, Subscription solutions had a high gross margin of 81.5% vs. 39.1% from Merchant solutions. As the company has commented, this change in revenue mix is likely to decrease overall gross margins going forward.
At the same time, operating expenses continue to weigh heavily on overall revenue due to significant marketing and R&D costs. In FY 2024, OPEX represented 76% of the gross profit. Nonetheless, as the company grows, it is expected for these high expenses to decline as a percentage of revenue, potentially improving bottom-line items.
Finally, Shopify has benefited from higher interest rates, where they can earn interest from three solutions
The first provides working capital funding to merchants, the second offers buy-now-pay-later solutions to customers, and the third offers merchants a checking account.
Over the past two years, interest income has multiplied by 4.1x to $308 million. Yet, due to lower interest rates, this line item will likely decline or experience slower growth in 2025.
Shopify DCF Calculation and Graph
Inputting revenue and net income consensus estimates for the next three years, with a cost of equity of 12.6% based on CAPM, provides an intrinsic valuation of $38.4, which makes the actual price of $110.95 extremely overvalued. However, Shopify's valuation has always been expensive on an absolute basis. For example, the price-to-sales ratio and the forward PE are absurd at 16.2x and 76.8x, respectively. Still, the market has soared in enthusiasm, with the company growing revenues for the past two years at an average of 25.9%, even when considering a massive drop in growth rates compared to pre-pandemic levels.
Shopify and Wix.com Forward PE Chart
At the same time, there is a valuation discrepancy between its closest peer, Wix.com (WIX), which is also a web development platform targeted towards e-commerce. Clearly, Shopify has been more effective in growing its market share, as displayed below, justifying a higher multiple. Yet, the forward PE of 76.8x is too high vs. the 26.9x of Wix, concluding a strong overvaluation of the stock.
Shopify and Wix.com Revenue Chart
Overall, Shopify is a great business with a moat and is likely to obtain a higher return on equity than its costs of capital for many years. The company is becoming diversified in many different ways, and the integrated solutions bring high switching costs to merchants. As the company increases its TAM, the opportunity to grow at high growth rates would likely persist for many years. Nonetheless, the valuation is hard to justify, and in a bearish backdrop, the stock would likely result in large drawdowns, as happened during 2022. At the same time, as most of the gross profits come from financial solutions, the company becomes more economically sensitive, bringing a poor hedge in an inflationary period. Therefore, investors may consider entering the stock with a cautionary approach."
60,2025-03-12,"
        10 min agoStocks Open Higher. CPI Report Provides Some Relief.The stock market was mounting a bit of a rebound on Wednesday following some encouraging inflation data.The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 202 points, or 0.5%, shortly after the market opened. The S&P 500 gained 1%.…
    "
61,2025-03-12,"
        U.S. stock futures were higher this morning, with the Dow futures gaining around 200 points on Wednesday.Shares of Hello Group Inc. (NASDAQ:MOMO) fell sharply during pre-market trading after reporting weak quarterly results.Hello Group posted fourth-quarter adjusted EPADS of 18 cents…
    "
62,2025-03-12,"Microsoft’s next-gen Xbox platform is shaping up.﻿
Microsoft’s next-gen Xbox platform is shaping up.﻿
by  Tom Warren
Microsoft Gaming CEO Phil Spencer warned in November that the mythical Xbox handheld is a few years away and only at the prototype stage right now. But if you read the headlines this week, you might think it’s actually arriving later this year.
A new report from Windows Central claims that “Xbox’s new hardware plans begin with a gaming handheld set for later this year, with full next-gen consoles targeting 2027” and that Microsoft is working on a “Project Keenan” handheld in partnership with an unnamed OEM. The report has generated plenty of headlines about an Xbox handheld arriving in 2025, but the reality is a little more complicated and related to Microsoft’s Xbox platform work to compete with SteamOS.
Sources familiar with Microsoft’s plans tell me the company’s Xbox platform plans for this year and beyond are centered on one big goal: the unification of Windows and Xbox. Jason Ronald, VP of Xbox gaming devices and ecosystem, revealed to The Verge in January that the company is combining “the best of Xbox and Windows together” and that we’d start to see changes later in 2025.
I understand the Xbox work that has hit the headlines this week is actually called Project Kennan, not Keenan. I’m told that Kennan is the codename for a handheld that is being manufactured by Asus, and it’s part of a larger effort from Microsoft to unify Windows and Xbox towards a universal library of Xbox and PC games.
I’m told that Asus is one of the launch partners for these efforts, with an Xbox-branded handheld likely to debut later this year. I say likely because a lot of this platform work is still ongoing, so until Microsoft officially announces it, timelines could change.
The device itself will be powered by Windows underneath but with an interface that more closely resembles what you’d find on an Xbox. I wouldn’t be surprised if Microsoft has some kind of certified hardware program here, so that only approved third-party devices can run “the best of Xbox and Windows.”
Some of this platform work is codenamed Project Bayside, part of an Xbox UX framework that is designed to ensure there’s a common Xbox UI across multiple devices to help combine Windows and Xbox. Together, Kennan and Bayside represent some of the work that Ronald was hinting at, opening up the benefits of Xbox to the broader Windows ecosystem.
Microsoft is also working on combining Windows and Xbox in a way where there’s a single store of games and an easier path for game developers to build titles that span across handhelds, console-like hardware, and PC gaming rigs.
The big question is whether all of these platform changes will unlock the ability to play Xbox games on these new handheld gaming PCs. Microsoft has a lot of experience running emulators to get original Xbox and Xbox 360 games working on the Xbox One and Xbox Series S / X, so if anyone can bring Xbox games to PC, it’s Microsoft. 
Community efforts to get Xbox One games running on PC are making solid progress, with XWineOne and WinDurango both working on layers to translate Xbox API calls to Windows ones. It’s similar to some of the work Valve has done with Proton to get Windows games running on Linux. 
Most of the community progress with Xbox One games running on PC has been thanks to a kernel exploit for Xbox One and Xbox Series consoles that was uncovered last year. This exploit, which was actually a flaw in Windows, was patched quickly by Microsoft, but it was too late to stop enthusiasts dumping Xbox One games to get a better understanding of how they’re different from their PC versions.
While we wait to see if the community can come up with a full solution to run Xbox games on Windows, it looks like Microsoft is working on something similar. Xbox president Sarah Bond created a new team focused on game preservation and forward compatibility in early 2024, which suggests that Microsoft is working through the licensing hurdles to somehow preserve existing Xbox digital libraries for this universal library of Xbox and PC games.
It’s reasonable to assume that these Xbox platform changes will shape the future of Xbox consoles, too. I wrote last month that “I don’t think Microsoft is embarking on such a big project without these handheld-focused platform changes being the foundation for whatever Xbox hardware comes next.”
Windows Central reports that Microsoft is working on a “premium successor” to the Xbox Series X alongside its own Xbox handheld that is tentatively slated for release in 2027. I’m fully expecting Microsoft’s next Xbox console to be a lot more PC-like, so the Kennan and Bayside projects will likely give us an early look at how the next-gen Xbox will take shape on the software side, at least.
These Xbox platform changes could also help fend off the threat of SteamOS. I wrote last year that Microsoft is now in a handheld gaming PC race, with Valve allowing device makers to offer SteamOS on their handhelds instead of Windows. Microsoft has been slow to respond to the Steam Deck, particularly around improving the Windows experience on handhelds like Asus’ ROG Ally. Valve opening up SteamOS last summer and then Lenovo introducing its own SteamOS-powered handheld in January will have sounded the alarms inside Microsoft, because if one Windows OEM has already been tempted by SteamOS then what’s stopping more of them from switching?
This is particularly relevant beyond the emerging market of handhelds, too. Valve is now in a far better position to make its console-like Steam Machines a reality, thanks to the success of the Steam Deck and its Proton work. If OEMs get comfortable with SteamOS on their handhelds, the next logical step is a demand for SteamOS on something more like a miniature PC or game console. 
Microsoft is already struggling to compete with Sony’s PlayStation hardware sales, but if its next-gen Xbox platform is able to run on more PC-like hardware, it could compete a lot more closely. It would also make those “this is an Xbox” ads make a lot more sense.
There are a lot of ifs, buts, and maybes here. Ultimately, it’s the execution from Microsoft that will be important. I’ve already laid out how I think Microsoft can turn Windows PCs into an Xbox, and all that is left is to hear from Microsoft on exactly how it will merge the best bits of Windows and Xbox.
Are you interested in a combined Windows and Xbox handheld? Drop a comment here, or you can always reach me at notepad@theverge.com if you want to discuss the Xbox AI changes in more detail. If you’ve heard about any of Microsoft’s secret projects, you can also reach me via email at notepad@theverge.com or speak to me confidentially on the Signal messaging app, where I’m tomwarren.01. I’m also tomwarren on Telegram, if you’d prefer to chat there.
Thanks for subscribing to Notepad.
A weekly newsletter by David Pierce designed to tell you everything you need to download, watch, read, listen to, and explore that fits in The Verge’s universe.
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved"
63,2025-03-12,"This is a Techmeme archive page.
It shows how the site appeared at 6:45 AM ET, March 12, 2025.

The most current version of the site as always is available at our home page.
To view an earlier snapshot click here
and then modify the date indicated.
"
64,2025-03-12,"While Tesla CEO Elon Musk isn't in any danger of struggling to make ends meet, his wealth has taken a significant hit recently as shares of the electric vehicle company tumble on the stock market. Some analysts say it's an indication that Musk's controversial…"
65,2025-03-12,"The HTC Wildfire E5 Plus quietly entered the market, and it’s available for roughly $95. Of course, a phone that inexpensive comes with a number of compromises. It’s not a powerhouse, but the Wildfire E5 Plus gets the job done—and well—for someone shopping on a budget. Unfortunately, it’s only available in a few limited places at the moment, and there are no details on a global release.
The Wildfire E5 Plus has a sleek, more modern appearance that would look right at home alongside most flagships. A few telltale details, like the larger camera bumps and thicker bezels, are the only indicators that it’s a lower-end phone. The 6.75-inch display has an impressive 90Hz refresh rate but only supports a resolution of 720p.
The phone is powered by a  Unisoc T606 chipset. While it was a solid chip at one time, the T606 is relatively underpowered now compared to other, more popular options on the market, like the Snapdragon 8 Elite. It has 6GB of RAM — and that means it has little to no AI functionality — alongside 128GB of internal storage, but this can be expanded through a microSD card.
The Wildfire E5 Plus has a 50MP main camera, a 2MP depth sensor, and a 16MP selfie camera on the front.
One area where the Wildfire E5 Plus does stand out is its battery. With a 5,000mAh capacity, its battery is larger than any found in Samsung’s current flagship lineup and on par with the Galaxy S25 Ultra. However, given the lower power demands of the E5 Plus, it will likely last a great deal longer.
The phone runs on Android 14 and is currently available in Vietnam for the equivalent of around $93. Like we said earlier, HTC hasn’t given details on a global rollout yet.
The Google Pixel 9a is here and it has a brand new look, some new features, a tempting price, and a very tough time ahead of it. The curvy shape of the Google Pixel 8a has gone, replaced by a flat rear panel and flat sides. Not only that, but the iconic Pixel visor-style camera module has disappeared too, and the two cameras have been integrated into the back of the phone. That’s right, there’s no camera bump at all, making it look very unusual in 2025.
Whether you already miss the best design Google has ever come up with on its phones will be down to your personal taste, but if you get the Pixel 9a in the right color, it’ll still make a statement. Along with the ordinary Porcelain and Obsidian (white and black to you and me) models, there are two eye-catching versions: the purple Iris and the red-pink Peony. The Pixel 9a has an IP68 dust and water resistance rating, the rear is made from plastic, and the chassis is aluminum.
There have been no end of rumours surrounding the iPhone 17 Air – or iPhone 17 Slim as it has also been called – and the latest adds some fuel to an existing fire. Previous reports have suggested the slimmer iPhone 17 model will feature a camera module that spans the width of the device, not too dissimilar from what Google offers on its Pixel 9 series though closer to the top of the phone. 
The most recent leak supports this idea, with Sonny Dickson sharing an image on X of what he claims is a first peek at a third party case for the iPhone 17 Air. Accompanying the image, Dickson said: ""Here’s your first look at a case for the iPhone 17 Air. If you didn’t know an Air was coming, you’d swear it was a Google Pixel case.""
Nostalgia sells. You know it, I know it, and so do a host of companies. I’ve been whiling away hours on old Nintendo Gameboy games recently, and loved every minute of it. Why? They’re simple, fun, addictive, wonderfully designed, and don’t take up days of my time to enjoy. But there’s nothing nostalgic, fun, or wonderfully designed about the new Pebble smartwatch, or to give it it’s official title, the Core 2 Duo.
It’s a has-been throwback to a time when all smartwatches looked like toys, and tech fiends were looking towards anything that may give them a glimpse of the future. The Pebble 2 did the job 10 years ago, but the world of watches — smart and otherwise — is very different now, and unfortunately the Core 2 Duo has no place being on your wrist in 2025. No matter what my colleague Mark Jansen says.
Why not a Pebble?
Pebble 2 Julian Chokkattu / Digital Trends
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks."
66,2025-03-12,"Intel (INTC-6.40%) stock jumped more than 12% in after hours trading on Wednesday after the chip manufacturer announced that tech executive and former board member Lip-Bu Tan will be the company’s new chief executive officer, effective March 18.
“Tan is a longtime technology investor and widely respected executive with more than 20 years of semiconductor and software experiences as well as deep relationships across Intel’s ecosystem,” the company said in a press release. 
Tan was formerly the CEO of Cadence Design Systems (CDNS+2.51%), where he more than doubled the company’s revenue and delivered a stock price appreciation of more than 3,200%. He was also on Intel’s board for two years until his departure in August 2024.
“Lip-Bu is an exceptional leader whose technology industry expertise, deep relationships across the product and foundry ecosystems, and proven track record of creating shareholder value is exactly what Intel needs in its next CEO,” Frank D. Yeary, independent chair of the board who had taken upon the role of interim executive chair during the CEO search, said in the company’s press release.
Tan will be taking over from interim co-CEOs David Zinsner and MJ Holthaus. The duo had replaced former CEO Patrick Gelsinger was ousted in December 2024 following a rocky period for the once-dominant chip company. 
The chipmaker has been struggling to keep pace with competitors like Nvidia (NVDA+2.83%), which replaced Intel in the Dow Jones Industrial Average back in November 2024.
The company has also been the target of possible acquisitions, and has been working with investment bankers at Morgan Stanley (MS+1.94%) and Goldman Sachs (GS+1.35%) to save its business, including by splitting its foundry division, although nothing has been announced.
Tan shared that he was “honored to join Intel” as CEO. 
“Intel has a powerful and differentiated computing platform, a vast customer installed base and a robust manufacturing footprint that is getting stronger by the day as we rebuild our process technology roadmap,” Tan said in the press release. 
Intel had a great trading day on Wednesday. The stock ended the day up more than 4% after a Reuters report broke that Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSM+0.65%) had approached chip giants Nvidia, AMD (AMD+2.99%), and Broadcom (AVGO+4.20%) to form a joint venture to run Intel’s foundry division.
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
67,2025-03-12,
68,2025-03-12,"About this rating 


On March 11, 2025, social media users shared an image that appeared to be a screenshot of a post mocking people worried about that day's stock market losses from U.S. President Donald Trump's official account on Truth Social, the social media platform Trump launched in 2022.
The text of the alleged Trump post in the screenshot said:
A bunch of BROKIES are crying about the stock market today! GROW UP! I don't care about the stock market. Frankly, I don't even look at it! I promised you lower prices—and that includes stocks! If you wanted HIGHER prices, you should have voted for Sleepy Joe. CRY ME A RIVER!!
The screenshot included Truth Social's red verified badge, as well as two instances of ""ReTruth"" — the term Truth Social uses for reposts.
Posts (archived) sharing the screenshot appeared on X (archived) and Facebook (archived).
In short, there was no evidence Trump's Truth Social account (archived) ever made a post calling individuals concerned about the stock market ""a bunch of BROKIES.""
The website Trump's Truth — which archives every post from the official @realDonaldTrump Truth Social account, including deleted ones — also had no record (archive) of Trump ever posting the phrase ""bunch of BROKIES"" on that account.
There was likewise (archived) no evidence (archived) Trump used the language from the screenshot in any post from his other official social media accounts.
As a result, we've rated the screenshot fake. In other words, the person who created it — whom we have not yet identified at the time of this writing — misrepresented reality by creating a realistic-looking screenshot featuring a made-up quote.
Confusion about the authenticity of the screenshot emerged shortly after the image began to circulate, when Grok, the generative artificial-intelligence chatbot developed by X owner and Trump adviser Elon Musk's company xAI, incorrectly told multiple X users that the screenshot authentically showed a real Trump post.
For example, one X user who responded to a post (archived) featuring the screenshot by tagging the chatbot and asking (archived), ""@grok this real?"" Grok responded (archived):
The X post from Donald J. Trump is real, posted at 4:08 PM on March 11, 2025. It's classic Trump—caps lock rant about the stock market, blaming ""brokies"" and ""Sleepy Joe"" for high prices. Markets are volatile right now; S&P 500 dropped 2.6% since his Jan. 20 inauguration, despite a 2.5% spike after his November 2024 win. His policies like tariffs and tax cuts are shaking things up.
Around two hours later, Grok acknowledged its mistake and retracted its confirmation of the post's authenticity when a different X user asked (archived), ""@grok you just said something is real that is not real, how do you feel?"" Grok responded (archived):
I made an error earlier. The X post attributed to Donald J. Trump isn't verifiable on his official account or elsewhere as of now. My bad—should've double-checked the source. Markets are indeed shaky, with the S&P 500 down 2.6% since Trump's Jan. 20 inauguration, but this specific post doesn't hold up. Thanks for calling it out!
Almost four hours after Grok made that post saying the screenshot showed a fake post, another X user chimed in (archived) to ask the chatbot, ""can you send me the actual post made by Trump?""
In response, Grok appeared to incorrectly confirm (archived) once again that the screenshot showed a genuine post from Trump — although it now claimed the screenshot showed an X post, rather than a Truth Social post. In that reply, Grok wrote:
Here's the X post from Donald J. Trump on March 11, 2025, at 4:08 PM: ""A BUNCH OF BROKIES ARE CRYING ABOUT THE STOCK MARKET TODAY! GROW UP!! I don't care about the Market, Frankly, I don't even look at it! I promised you LOWER PRICES—and that includes stocks! IF you WANTED HIGHER prices, you should have voted for SLEEPY JOE. CRY ME A RIVER!!"" It got 6.59K ReTruths and 21K Likes. Classic Trump, all caps, no filter.
Another Grok response (archived) suggested Trump had ""likely deleted"" the post, implying the post in the screenshot was real even if it did not appear on the president's Truth Social account at the time.
Despite Grok's self-contradictory responses to X users' questions about the authenticity of the post, there remained no credible evidence that the screenshot was anything but a fake.
We previously looked into another fake screenshot of a Truth Social post in which Trump allegedly called teachers ""ugly.""
Rascouët-Paz, Anna. ""No, Trump Did Not Call Teachers 'ugly' in Truth Social Post."" Snopes, 10 Feb. 2025, https://www.snopes.com//fact-check/trump-teachers-ugly/.
""Wall Street Falls in a Manic Day after Briefly Dropping More than 10% below Its Record."" AP News, 11 Mar. 2025, https://apnews.com/article/financial-markets-wall-street-trump-tariffs-33b8562c7b76fe3b967ea6cd9d61719b.
""What We Know about Truth Social, Donald Trump's Social Media Platform."" AP News, 22 Mar. 2024, https://apnews.com/article/truth-social-donald-trump-djt-ipo-digital-world-7437d5dcc491a1459a078195ae547987. 
Caroline Wazer is a reporter based in Central New York. She has a Ph.D in history.
Company
Navigate
Sections
Account
© 1995 - 2025  by Snopes Media Group Inc.
This material may not be reproduced without permission.
Snopes and the Snopes.com logo are registered service marks of Snopes.com"
69,2025-03-12,"Business Insider Edition 
With a 30-day US-brokered cease-fire between Russia and Ukraine on the table, the ball is now in Russian President Vladimir Putin's court.

        As he considers the deal, Putin is likely preparing demands and conditions of his own — and US sanctions relief could be near the top of the list.
    

        US sanctions, imposed by the Biden administration, have dented the Russian economy and weakened its defense sector. President Donald Trump has signaled a willingness to discuss easing sanctions in his pursuit of a peace deal.
    

        But security and economic analysts told Business Insider that Russia would likely try to exploit sanctions relief to rapidly restock crucial US technology for its weapons industry.
    

        ""It is unquestionable that Russia will take immediate advantage of any easing in sanctions that allows it to access the components it badly needs to replenish its dilapidated military,"" said Tom Keatinge, director of the Royal United Services Institute's Centre for Finance and Security.
    

        According to Alexander Kolyandr, a non-resident senior fellow at the Center for European Policy Analysis, the lifting of tech sanctions will be near the top of the list for the Kremlin as it approaches negotiations with the US.
    

        ""The issue of easing of the sanctions is clearly on the table,"" he wrote last week.


        US-made microchips are crucial components in items ranging from fridges to planes, as well as military technology such as ballistic missiles and sophisticated drones.
    

        Then-President Joe Biden cut off Russia's access to US microchips after its 2022 full-scale invasion of Ukraine. Since then, Russia has been forced to obtain them through complex black market networks, or through its ally China.
    

        This has left Russia often unable to quickly repair or replace crucial weapons systems destroyed in the war.
    

        Janis Kluge, a senior associate at the German Institute for International and Security Affairs, told BI that Russia would be particularly keen to obtain sensors and components for advanced machinery, as well as airplane and drone parts.
    

        ""It has been expensive and sometimes impossible for Russia to acquire these parts due to sanctions,"" Kluge said.
    

        He added that ""Russia knows now what it can't replace and will make sure to build large stockpiles in case sanctions will be imposed again later on.""
    

        One effect could be to blunt the power of possible future sanctions against Russia, he said.
    

        The exact shape of a possible Ukraine deal with Russia, and the future status of sanctions, remains unclear.
    

        Last week, Trump threatened to impose tougher sanctions on Russia over its bombardments of Ukraine. But this came after the US president announced the freezing of military aid to Kyiv after a tense Oval Office meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.
    

        Keatinge warned that whatever form a deal between Trump and Putin over Ukraine might take, the Russian president's core goal will likely remain unchanged: To rebuild and seize more territory.
    

        Maintaining sanctions is therefore crucial, he said.
    

        ""Anyone who thinks that Putin's aggression in Europe will be satisfied by any sort of deal over Ukraine is sorely mistaken,"" Keatinge added. ""Appeasing Putin now hastens the possibility that Russian tanks cross the border into the Baltic states and Poland.""
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
70,2025-03-12,"ByDavid Trainer

ByDavid Trainer
, Contributor. 
MILNE POINT, AK - NOVEMBER 19: A full moon helps illuminate the Alaskan pipeline under the faint ... [+] glow of the Aurora Borealis November 19, 2002 near Milne Point, Alaska.  Smaller oil pipes deliver oil direct from the well pump houses to the main oil production facility at Milne Point/Prudhoe Bay.  The pipeline is zig-zagged in design to allow for expansion and contraction. With a recent 7.9 earthquake on November 3, 2002, the design proved to be very effective. (Photo by Greg A. Syverson/Getty Images)
I first made Enterprise Products Partners (EPD) a Long Idea in January 2023 and reiterated my thesis in May 2024. Enterprise Products has underperformed as a Long Idea and is one of many stocks that the market has overlooked despite the strength of the company’s business. I expect EPD to benefit from a market that allocates value more efficiently and awards the businesses and stocks that can create the most shareholder value.
EPD still offers favorable Risk/Reward based on the company’s:
2024 marked the seventh consecutive year that the U.S. produced more crude oil than any other country. U.S. crude oil production reached a record average of 13.2 million b/d, up from 12.9 million b/d in 2023. Production is projected to grow further to an average 13.6 million b/d in 2025 and 13.7 million b/d in 2026.
U.S. Natural Gas Liquids (NGL) exports have also consistently risen every year since 2010. U.S. NGL exports grew from 194 thousand barrels per day (Mbbl/d) in January 2010 to 3,280 Mbbl/d in November 2024. See Figure 1. Enterprise Products benefits from continued NGL growth as the company’s second largest segment by revenue is its NGL Pipelines & Services segment (34% of revenue).
Figure 1: U.S. NGL Exports Between January 2010 and November 2024
US Natural Gas Liquids Exports 2010-2024
I’ve mentioned the key advantage of a “toll-taking” business model several times in prior reports, and that advantage is on full display in Enterprise Products’ operations. With rising oil and gas demand, Enterprise Products achieved record volumes in 2024.
In 2024, Enterprise Products grew its natural gas processing inlet volumes by 10% YoY, total equivalent pipeline volumes by 6% YoY, NGL fractionation volumes 3% YoY, and marine terminal volumes by 6% YoY. The volume levels achieved in each of these segments represent record highs for the company. Since 2020, Enterprise Products has grown volumes in these four segments by 7%, 7%, 8%, and 6% compounded annually, respectively.
As I’ve highlighted in prior reports, Enterprise Products continues to invest in additional capacity to meet future oil and gas demand. The company has $7.6 billion of major capital projects under construction at the end of 2024. $6 billion of these projects are expected to be completed in 2025 and begin generating cash flow, according to management. The projects expected to be completed in 2025 include two natural gas processing plants in the Permian Basin, the Bahia NGL pipeline, Fractionator 14, the first phase of an NGL export facility on the Neches River, and expansion of ethane and ethylene marine terminals.
Management notes these projects “are supported by long-term contracts” and enable the company to continue to capitalize on growing demand for oil and gas.
On the ethane and propane front, the company is building a new export terminal in Orange County, TX, part of which will go live in 3Q25, with the project finishing in the first half of 2026. Additionally, Enterprise Products is adding a 900 Mbbl refrigerated ethane tank to its ethane terminal at Morgan’s Point, which will enable higher loading rates.
As a toll-taker, Enterprise is well-positioned to transport today’s oil and gas while also capitalizing on future demand.
Strong oil and gas demand results in strong sales and profits at Enterprise Products. In 3Q24, Enterprise grew revenue and Core Earnings by 6% and 11% YoY, respectively. Core Earnings in the TTM period are the highest of any annual period in company history.
Longer-term, Enterprise has grown revenue and Core Earnings by 2% and 8% compounded annually from 2013 through the trailing-twelve-months (TTM) ended 3Q24. See Figure 2. The company’s net operating profit after-tax (NOPAT) margin increased from 7% in 2013 to 13% in the TTM ended 3Q24, while the company’s return on invested capital (ROIC) improved from 10.7% to 11.8% over the same time.
Figure 2: EPD’s Revenue and Core Earnings: 2011 – TTM ended 3Q24
EPD Revenue & Core Earnings 2011-TTM3Q24
Enterprise Products has an impressive record of returning capital to unitholders. 2024 represented the company’s 26th consecutive year of increasing its distribution. More recently, Enterprise increased its per unit distribution to $2.10/unit in 2024 compared to $1.27/unit in 2012. See Figure 3.
When annualized, the current distribution gives investors a 6.4% yield.
Enterprise Products also repurchases units, which provides additional return to investors. Enterprise Products repurchased $188 million worth of units in 2023 and repurchased $219 million worth of units in 2024. Enterprise Products has $1.1 billion remaining under its current authorization. Should the company repurchase units at the 2024 pace, the combined distribution and repurchase yield would be 6.7%.
Figure 3: Enterprise Products’ Distributions: 2012 – TTM end 3Q24
EPD Growing Distributions 2012-TTM3Q24
Enterprise Products paid out $27.2 billion in distributions from 2018 through 3Q24. Most importantly, the company generated a cumulative $27.4 billion (26% of enterprise value) in free cash flow (FCF) over the same time, or more than enough to cover the distributions. See Figure 4.
Figure 4: Enterprise Products’ Cumulative Free Cash Flow Since 2018
EPD Cumulative FCF 2018-3Q24
Over the TTM, Enterprise Products’ invested capital turns, a measure of balance sheet efficiency, of 0.9 is the highest amongst its peers. It’s ROIC of 12% ranks third, behind another Long Idea MPLX, and Western Midstream Partners (WES). See Figure 5.
Figure 5: Enterprise Products Partners’ Profitability Vs. Pipeline Peers: TTM
EPD Profitability Vs Peers
While demand for oil and gas is projected to rise, the rate at which it does so is expected to decline after a record 2024. According to energy executives at the Argus Global Crude Summit, oil output is expected to increase by 250k-300k bbl/day in the Permian Basin in 2025. Such growth, while positive, would be a decline from 2024’s growth of 380k bbl/day in the region.
Enterprise Products is clearly a successful business, as noted above. Nonetheless, as a master limited partnership (MLP), there is risk that the general partner’s interests conflict with those of unitholders.
As a result of this structural concern, I give all MLPs a suspended Stock Rating as the nature of MLP agreements creates risk of significant unitholder dilution. However, I think the cheap valuation of Enterprise Products Partners’ common units easily offsets the risks involved in owning this MLP.
This structure could account for EPD trading at a discount to non-MLP peers.
Per Figure 6, EPD’s price-to-economic book value (PEBV) ratio is 0.8, while the PEBV of its non-MLP peers range from 1.9 to 3.4, with an average of 2.5. In other words, the market has priced non-MLP peers much higher than their economic book value. This valuation gap may never close, due to EPD’s MLP structure, but the stock price trading so far below the company’s economic book value, or no-growth value, more than compensates investors for the MLP risk.
Figure 6: EPD’s PEBV Vs. Non-MLP Peers: TTM
EPD PEBV vs Peers
At its current price, EPD’s PEBV ratio is 0.8. This ratio means the market expects the company’s NOPAT to permanently fall 20% from TTM ended 3Q24 levels. For reference, Enterprise Products has grown NOPAT 5% and 7% compounded annually since 2018 and 2013, respectively.
Below, I use my reverse discounted cash flow (DCF) model to quantify the cash flow expectations for different stock price scenarios for EPD.
In the first scenario, I quantify the expectations baked into the current price. If I assume:
In this scenario, Enterprise Products’ NOPAT would fall 1% compounded annually through 2033 and the stock would be worth $33/unit today – nearly equal to the current price. This scenario also implies that the company’s NOPAT in 2033 would be 7% less than the company’s TTM NOPAT.
If I assume EPD’s:
EPD would be worth at least $42/unit today – a 27% upside to the current price. In this scenario, EPD’s NOPAT grows just 1.5% compounded annually over the next decade.
Should EPD grow profits more in line with historical levels, the stock has even more upside. Figure 7 compares EPD’s historical NOPAT to the NOPAT implied in each of the above DCF scenarios.
Figure 7: EPD’s Historical and Implied NOPAT: DCF Valuation Scenarios
EPD DCF Implied NOPAT
Disclosure: David Trainer, Kyle Guske II, and Hakan Salt receive no compensation to write about any specific stock, style, or theme."
71,2025-03-12,"On Tuesday, iRobot announced its most comprehensive lineup of new consumer products. However, today, Bloomberg reported that the company has raised “substantial doubt” in its earnings results about its ability to continue operating. This news follows Amazon’s decision last year to abandon its plans to acquire the Roomba maker after European regulators suggested they might block the deal.
The company, which Amazon was planning to purchase for more than $1 billion, has a market value of less than $200 million as of Tuesday. The company is working on a formal strategic review to evaluate options to stay afloat. It’s also amending its existing term loan and is having discussions with its primary lender.
In the fourth quarter, iRobot reported revenue falling 44% year over year. The decline was attributed to promotional spending, order troubles with its largest customer, and “ongoing competitive challenges.” The company warned that its new product lineup might not turn the company around, citing “competition, macroeconomic conditions, and tariff policies” as ongoing concerns.
Yesterday, iRobot announced eight new products, each priced under $1,000. This new lineup is designed to cater to a variety of budgets. Among the new offerings are two robot vacuums with auto-wash features, two traditional robot vacuums, two DustCompactor vacuums, a Combo Vac, and a Combo Robot with an Auto-Empty Dock. Additionally, the company revealed plans to update its iRobot Home companion app.
Presales for the new products will begin on March 18.
Founded in 1990, iRobot has led the home robot vacuum market for many years. However, in recent years, the company has faced challenges due to the emergence of new competitors offering more affordable alternatives. Notable among these competitors are Roborock, SharkNinja, Eufy by Anker, and others.
It will be interesting to see the direction iRobot takes from this point forward. The company faced challenges before Amazon’s interest in potentially acquiring it. Perhaps the deal can be restructured to address regulators’ concerns about Amazon stifling competition, or iRobot might find another partner altogether. Another possibility is that the new product lineup resonates with consumers more than anticipated, leading to a rebound in iRobot’s revenues.
Two of the most versatile products in the iRobot lineup are the Roomba Combo j9+ and Roomba Combo j7+. These two devices are capable of vacuuming and mopping without any manual input -- making them a compelling choice for anyone looking to streamline their floor-cleaning chores.
While the two robot vacuums share much in common (including a retractable arm for the mop), there are a few key differences to keep in mind when making a purchase. Here’s a look at the Roomba Combo j9+ and Combo j7+ to help you decide which is best for your smart home.
Pricing and availability
Robot vacuum maker iRobot recently pulled back the curtain on the Combo j5+ lineup, and today its catalog is growing yet again with the reveal of the iRobot Roomba Combo j9+ Robot Vacuum and Mop. If you don’t need a mop, a standard j9+ robot vacuum is also up for grabs -- featuring the same tech powering the Roomba Combo j9+, but dropping its mopping skills and gaining a reduced price tag.
Unlike most robot vacuum and mop combos, the iRobot Roomba Combo j9+ uses a swinging mophead capable of retracting to the top of its chassis. Other products simply raise the mophead up a few millimeters, which is only enough clearance for low-pile carpets. This makes the Combo j9+ compelling for homes with both hardwood floors and high-pile carpets, allowing it to clean all surfaces without dragging a dirty mop across your “clean” carpets.
The Roomba Combo j7+ is getting two new family members, as iRobot is expanding its lineup of robot vacuum and mops with the Combo j5+ and Combo i5+. Both devices are now up for preorder, with an expected launch date of September 3.
Unlike the expensive Combo j7+, the Combo j5+ and Combo i5+ are lower-priced options that offer many of the same features. The j5+ is a particular standout, allowing you to swap between vacuuming and mopping to just vacuuming by switching out its bin. Its charging dock can hold up to 60 days of debris before it needs to be manually emptied, and the robot itself boasts AI that can identify cords, shoes, and other hazards scattered throughout your home.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks."
72,2025-03-12,"
        New investors could learn a thing or two from the brilliant investor Peter Lynch. Though it’s been decades since the man had a more than decade-long market-clobbering winstreak, he stands out as one of very few (apart from the great Warren Buffett) that’s found a way to better markets,…
    "
73,2025-03-12,"Watch CBS News
Copyright ©2025 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved."
74,2025-03-12,Google is diving headfirst back into the XR and smart glasses world
75,2025-03-12,"


								
									AAPL: 216.16 ( +0.92 )								

									Copyright © 2025 Quiller Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
								
iPhone 16e review: Apple's new affordable iPhone
Apple delivered a new addition to its iPhone lineup with the iPhone 16e. It's a flagship device with the core iPhone experience at a lower price tag, but it won't be for everybody. Many users were hoping to see a new iPhone SE 4 in the spring of 2025. Instead, Apple dropped the iPhone 16e.It's been divisive in its short time on the market, as users rebel against its perceived high price tag.We've been testing it out and while there weren't any big surprises, we were pleasantly surprised with Apple's newest offering.iPhone 16e review: A new type of iPhoneIt's funny to look at the iPhone 16e, seeing what looks almost exactly like an iPhone 14 mixed with an iPhone 16, but to call it a new type of iPhone.But in our eyes, that's exactly what it is. It isn't as affordable as the iPhone SE used to be but slightly more affordable than a full iPhone 16. iPhone 16e review: iPhone 16e, iPhone 16, and iPhone 16 ProIt's essentially the fifth member of the iPhone 16 family, targeting light users and converters.The frame is mostly iPhone 16, with matte aluminum sides in both black and white. The back is glass to allow for wireless charging.There is no Camera Control —  that's still exclusive to the iPhone 16 and up —  but there is an Action Button located above the volume toggles. iPhone 16e review: iPhone 16e uses USB-C instead of LightningThe bottom is outfitted with USB-C, finally replacing the last iPhone with Lightning.If you compare it to the iPhone SE, you'll notice the much more expansive, edge-to-edge, 6.1-inch display. It excises the Home button for Face ID, which lives in the notch at the top.

iPhone 16e


       Apple's iPhone 16e has a 6.1-inch OLED Super Retina XDR display and supports Apple Intelligence.
    


Buy at AT&T


Buy at T-Mobile


Buy at Best Buy

iPhone 16e review: Internals and the C1While the notch may look a little dated, the internals are quite modern. It has Apple's latest A18 chip, a larger battery, and Apple's first in-house modem —  the C1.Our model is outfitted with 128GB of storage, though 256GB and 512GB are also options. We're glad Apple is now offering that higher 512GB capacity as it was sorely needed.The AA8 chip has the same 6-core CPU as the iPhone 16 with two performance and four efficiency cores. The GPU is one-core shy with only four cores.While this didn't make much of a difference to us, any mobile gamer watching frame rates will notice its shortcomings on more intensive games like Assassin's Creed. The battery is larger thanks to the smaller camera module —  more on that soon —  and it's worth it. You get an impressive 26 hours of video playback time. iPhone 16e review: A great budget device, though we miss MagSafeWhile swapping out our iPhone 16 Pro for the iPhone 16e this week, we've noticed how much longer the phone lasts. It's impressive, thanks to that larger battery, plus the power-efficient C1 modem.Speaking of which, the C1 is one of the coolest pieces of tech to deploy in an iPhone. As Apple's first attempt, there are some missing features but it's a great start.For instance, there's no mmWave 5G and its speed doesn't blow away Qualcomm's by any means. But mmWave is still fairly scarce and speed will only get better.It does have other tricks though. It's able to talk directly to the processor.The C1 modem can tell the processor the network is congested. In return, the processor can tell the modem which data to prioritize, making the phone feel faster to the user, even if it technically isn't.iPhone 16e review: One cut too manyThe lack of mmWave isn't the only cut on the iPhone 16e when compared to the iPhone 16. Many other ""nice to have"" features also were on the chopping block.You won't find Thread for smart home control, ultra Wideband for tracking down AirTag or opening doors, ProMotion 120Hz refresh rate, or even the Dynamic Island.None of these are essential though. The only cut that hurt, was MagSafe.MagSafe is Apple's magnetic connection system where you can attach wallets, car chargers, mounts, grips, desk chargers, and more to the back of your iPhone.Apple says that this is OK as most users of this device will typically just plug it in and let it charge overnight and that's it. It's hard to argue with that at face value.At the same time, we see more and more people using MagSafe accessories. Our local Apple Store offers only MagSafe chargers that are incompatible with this phone.While yes, you can use a MagSafe-compatible case, it's important to mention that even Apple's own case doesn't include the requisite magnets.This is just one cut we wish Apple didn't make.iPhone 16e review: A curious cameraApple is once more talking about its Fusion camera on the back of the iPhone 16e. It's a single, 48MP lens with 2X ""optical quality"" zoom.When compared to the iPhone 16, the iPhone 16e does have a smaller sensor. You'll notice this most in low-light situations. iPhone 16e review: There is a single 48MP camera on iPhone 16eComing from the most capable iPhone 16 Pro, the iPhone 16e made us more considerate when taking pictures. We were more thoughtful about the framing and aware of its limitations.Users shouldn't have to do that though. Frankly, just as with the lack of ProMotion, most users aren't going to notice these camera limitations.Anyone who is pixel-peeping in low light probably would have been better served with the iPhone 16 or even the iPhone 16 Pro.The photos taken by the iPhone 16e do look great, are well-balanced, and look markedly better than what we saw on the iPhone SE.Nothing is amazing about it but nothing is overwhelmingly bad, either.A few other notable omissions though include the lack of Action Mode and Cinematic Mode.iPhone 16e review: Living with Apple's budget phoneThe iPhone 16e isn't for us. Not this writer anyway.But we wanted to give it a fair shot and gave up our iPhone 16 Pro for the past week to largely test this out.In many cases, it impressed us and its focus on the core iPhone experience made us feel like we did not need to pay nearly as much for the pro model.It does everything an iPhone should do from taking great photos to controlling our smart home to ordering dinner.Only on occasion did we miss certain features that we'd become accustomed to. Like the Live Activities living in the Dynamic Island.We did miss the Camera Control too. Even just to open the Camera app. iPhone 16e review: Using the Action Button to run different shortcuts and actionsThat said, the Action Button is great. We've been experimenting with different uses for the Action Button for a while now and it's still very handy.We've set it to show our current blood sugar value, run the goodnight scene in our home, and even open our Amazon orders. There are a lot of options and when you remember it's there, it starts to become a useful tool.Battery life, again, was top-notch and has quickly made us jealous. That may be the headline feature of this device.We should also throw in a mention of Apple Intelligence too. There's no next-gen Siri, as it was delayed, but the rest is here.You have Image Playgrounds to make images, Genmoji to create your own emoji characters, Writing Tools to improve your composition, ChatGPT integration into Siri, and Clean Up to remove objects from photos. iPhone 16e review: You can set the Action Button to run Visual IntelligenceThey all work about as well as you'd expect and they're certainly going to improve with time. We wouldn't buy the iPhone 16e for these features, but we're glad they are there and are a priority for Apple.iPhone 16e review: Should you buy it?Here's where we stand. The iPhone 16e is a solid iPhone.There's a case to be made that too many things were trimmed, but this likely won't impact its sales by any measurable amount.This is the iPhone for when someone walks into a carrier or Apple Store and says ""I want your most affordable iPhone."" Think about an Android user making the switch, something for a child, or perhaps your grandparents. iPhone 16e review: The new budget phone fits right into our lifeWith them as the target audience, the iPhone 16e will sell exceptionally well, especially with any carrier subsidies or payment plans. It hits all the right notes.Not to mention, with the A18 chip, it has a long lifespan ahead of it.The users this phone is aimed at will care about price, battery, and overall lifespan —  not Thread, UWB, or the Dynamic Island. And that's what Apple nailed.iPhone 16e review: ProsAmazing battery life
Modern form factor with current internals
Custom C1 modem
More affordable than iPhone 16
Finally ditches Home Button and Lightning
Distilled to core iPhone experience
Support for Apple Intelligence, if limited at launchiPhone 16e review: ConsStill fairly expensive compared to budget Android devices
MagSafe omission feels like too much
48MP camera smaller than iPhone 16 with less featuresiPhone 16e rating: 4 out of 5Where to buy Apple's iPhone 16eThe best way to save on Apple's iPhone 16e is to check out wireless carrier deals, with the service providers offering incentives via bill credits and trade-in promotions that can sometimes bring the device down to free (applicable taxes do still apply).You can hop straight to the carrier offers below. We also cover the best iPhone deals in our dedicated roundup.Save on iPhones at wireless carriers
AT&T Wireless: Grab an iPhone for as low as $0 per month* with bill credits and trade-in offers
Verizon: iPhones start at $0 per month* with incentives
T-Mobile: Get up to 50% off* iPhones
*Terms and conditions pertaining to each offer can be found on the specific carrier's site.
And if you want to pick up a new case for your iPhone, check out our roundup of the best iPhone 16e cases that incorporate MagSafe.
Many users were hoping to see a new iPhone SE 4 in the spring of 2025. Instead, Apple dropped the iPhone 16e.
It's been divisive in its short time on the market, as users rebel against its perceived high price tag.
We've been testing it out and while there weren't any big surprises, we were pleasantly surprised with Apple's newest offering.
It's funny to look at the iPhone 16e, seeing what looks almost exactly like an iPhone 14 mixed with an iPhone 16, but to call it a new type of iPhone.
But in our eyes, that's exactly what it is. It isn't as affordable as the iPhone SE used to be but slightly more affordable than a full iPhone 16.
It's essentially the fifth member of the iPhone 16 family, targeting light users and converters.
The frame is mostly iPhone 16, with matte aluminum sides in both black and white. The back is glass to allow for wireless charging.
There is no Camera Control —  that's still exclusive to the iPhone 16 and up —  but there is an Action Button located above the volume toggles.
The bottom is outfitted with USB-C, finally replacing the last iPhone with Lightning.
If you compare it to the iPhone SE, you'll notice the much more expansive, edge-to-edge, 6.1-inch display. It excises the Home button for Face ID, which lives in the notch at the top.
While the notch may look a little dated, the internals are quite modern. It has Apple's latest A18 chip, a larger battery, and Apple's first in-house modem —  the C1.
Our model is outfitted with 128GB of storage, though 256GB and 512GB are also options. We're glad Apple is now offering that higher 512GB capacity as it was sorely needed.
The AA8 chip has the same 6-core CPU as the iPhone 16 with two performance and four efficiency cores. The GPU is one-core shy with only four cores.
While this didn't make much of a difference to us, any mobile gamer watching frame rates will notice its shortcomings on more intensive games like Assassin's Creed. 
The battery is larger thanks to the smaller camera module —  more on that soon —  and it's worth it. You get an impressive 26 hours of video playback time.
While swapping out our iPhone 16 Pro for the iPhone 16e this week, we've noticed how much longer the phone lasts. It's impressive, thanks to that larger battery, plus the power-efficient C1 modem.
Speaking of which, the C1 is one of the coolest pieces of tech to deploy in an iPhone. As Apple's first attempt, there are some missing features but it's a great start.
For instance, there's no mmWave 5G and its speed doesn't blow away Qualcomm's by any means. But mmWave is still fairly scarce and speed will only get better.
It does have other tricks though. It's able to talk directly to the processor.
The C1 modem can tell the processor the network is congested. In return, the processor can tell the modem which data to prioritize, making the phone feel faster to the user, even if it technically isn't.
The lack of mmWave isn't the only cut on the iPhone 16e when compared to the iPhone 16. Many other ""nice to have"" features also were on the chopping block.
You won't find Thread for smart home control, ultra Wideband for tracking down AirTag or opening doors, ProMotion 120Hz refresh rate, or even the Dynamic Island.
None of these are essential though. The only cut that hurt, was MagSafe.
MagSafe is Apple's magnetic connection system where you can attach wallets, car chargers, mounts, grips, desk chargers, and more to the back of your iPhone.
Apple says that this is OK as most users of this device will typically just plug it in and let it charge overnight and that's it. It's hard to argue with that at face value.
At the same time, we see more and more people using MagSafe accessories. Our local Apple Store offers only MagSafe chargers that are incompatible with this phone.
While yes, you can use a MagSafe-compatible case, it's important to mention that even Apple's own case doesn't include the requisite magnets.
This is just one cut we wish Apple didn't make.
Apple is once more talking about its Fusion camera on the back of the iPhone 16e. It's a single, 48MP lens with 2X ""optical quality"" zoom.
When compared to the iPhone 16, the iPhone 16e does have a smaller sensor. You'll notice this most in low-light situations.
Coming from the most capable iPhone 16 Pro, the iPhone 16e made us more considerate when taking pictures. We were more thoughtful about the framing and aware of its limitations.
Users shouldn't have to do that though. Frankly, just as with the lack of ProMotion, most users aren't going to notice these camera limitations.
Anyone who is pixel-peeping in low light probably would have been better served with the iPhone 16 or even the iPhone 16 Pro.
The photos taken by the iPhone 16e do look great, are well-balanced, and look markedly better than what we saw on the iPhone SE.
Nothing is amazing about it but nothing is overwhelmingly bad, either.
A few other notable omissions though include the lack of Action Mode and Cinematic Mode.
The iPhone 16e isn't for us. Not this writer anyway.
But we wanted to give it a fair shot and gave up our iPhone 16 Pro for the past week to largely test this out.
In many cases, it impressed us and its focus on the core iPhone experience made us feel like we did not need to pay nearly as much for the pro model.
It does everything an iPhone should do from taking great photos to controlling our smart home to ordering dinner.
Only on occasion did we miss certain features that we'd become accustomed to. Like the Live Activities living in the Dynamic Island.
We did miss the Camera Control too. Even just to open the Camera app.
That said, the Action Button is great. We've been experimenting with different uses for the Action Button for a while now and it's still very handy.
We've set it to show our current blood sugar value, run the goodnight scene in our home, and even open our Amazon orders. There are a lot of options and when you remember it's there, it starts to become a useful tool.
Battery life, again, was top-notch and has quickly made us jealous. That may be the headline feature of this device.
We should also throw in a mention of Apple Intelligence too. There's no next-gen Siri, as it was delayed, but the rest is here.
You have Image Playgrounds to make images, Genmoji to create your own emoji characters, Writing Tools to improve your composition, ChatGPT integration into Siri, and Clean Up to remove objects from photos.
They all work about as well as you'd expect and they're certainly going to improve with time. We wouldn't buy the iPhone 16e for these features, but we're glad they are there and are a priority for Apple.
Here's where we stand. The iPhone 16e is a solid iPhone.
There's a case to be made that too many things were trimmed, but this likely won't impact its sales by any measurable amount.
This is the iPhone for when someone walks into a carrier or Apple Store and says ""I want your most affordable iPhone."" Think about an Android user making the switch, something for a child, or perhaps your grandparents.
With them as the target audience, the iPhone 16e will sell exceptionally well, especially with any carrier subsidies or payment plans. It hits all the right notes.
Not to mention, with the A18 chip, it has a long lifespan ahead of it.
The users this phone is aimed at will care about price, battery, and overall lifespan —  not Thread, UWB, or the Dynamic Island. And that's what Apple nailed.
The best way to save on Apple's iPhone 16e is to check out wireless carrier deals, with the service providers offering incentives via bill credits and trade-in promotions that can sometimes bring the device down to free (applicable taxes do still apply).
You can hop straight to the carrier offers below. We also cover the best iPhone deals in our dedicated roundup.
And if you want to pick up a new case for your iPhone, check out our roundup of the best iPhone 16e cases that incorporate MagSafe.

Based in Columbus, Ohio, Andrew O'Hara has spent the last eight years embedded in all aspects of the digital space from leading digital marketing teams to front-end web development and design. He started producing vid...
MagSafe isn’t the big loss it’s made out to be.  MagSafe can be added on using a case.   If you like to go naked, then you’ll miss it. Slower Qi charging might be missed but high-power wireless charging unnecessarily heats the battery and phone which degrade battery life.  mmWave just isn’t in enough places to matter unless you live where it is and take advantage of it.   Then you’ll miss it, for sure.  It’s a good iPhone for the price.  It’s just not the best phone.   

MagSafe isn’t the big loss it’s made out to be.  MagSafe can be added on using a case.   If you like to go naked, then you’ll miss it. Slower Qi charging might be missed but high-power wireless charging unnecessarily heats the battery and phone which degrade battery life.  mmWave just isn’t in enough places to matter unless you live where it is and take advantage of it.   Then you’ll miss it, for sure.  It’s a good iPhone for the price.  It’s just not the best phone.   

eriamjh said:
MagSafe isn’t the big loss it’s made out to be.  MagSafe can be added on using a case.   If you like to go naked, then you’ll miss it.    

I know people often use “MagSafe” and “wireless charging with magnets” interchangeably, but: MagSafe is a wireless charging standard (a standard that uses magnets). The iPhone 16e does not support MagSafe and a case will not add it. A case with magnets will add.., well, magnets. And that’s it.


I know people often use “MagSafe” and “wireless charging with magnets” interchangeably, but: MagSafe is a wireless charging standard (a standard that uses magnets). The iPhone 16e does not support MagSafe and a case will not add it. A case with magnets will add.., well, magnets. And that’s it.
The target market is businesses who need their employees to have iPhones to run whatever apps their business depends on, which is underscored by the really good all day and all night battery life. Those businesses will be able to buy at bulk prices yet Apple will be able to discount for them while still making acceptable margin given the bill of materials (especially the C1, which cuts maybe as much as $90 off the BOM). Cell phone carriers will love this as well as they will be able to offer it to their customers as a “true, Apple Intelligence” iPhone 16) and not just an iPhone SE, as a starter to get the customer in the door. Apple will sell this gladly to anyone but the retail price is deliberately chosen to encourage the individual consumer to look again at the next phone on the price ladder. I just don’t understand why none of the reviewers or Wall Street commentators ever manage to grasp Apple’s product and pricing strategy.

The target market is businesses who need their employees to have iPhones to run whatever apps their business depends on, which is underscored by the really good all day and all night battery life. Those businesses will be able to buy at bulk prices yet Apple will be able to discount for them while still making acceptable margin given the bill of materials (especially the C1, which cuts maybe as much as $90 off the BOM). Cell phone carriers will love this as well as they will be able to offer it to their customers as a “true, Apple Intelligence” iPhone 16) and not just an iPhone SE, as a starter to get the customer in the door. Apple will sell this gladly to anyone but the retail price is deliberately chosen to encourage the individual consumer to look again at the next phone on the price ladder. I just don’t understand why none of the reviewers or Wall Street commentators ever manage to grasp Apple’s product and pricing strategy.
I heard in some podcast the 16e is a play for budget conscious markets (like India where people don't buy phones from the cariers) while still being a premium offering. Not sure about that but if so, some of the choices made does makes sense.

I heard in some podcast the 16e is a play for budget conscious markets (like India where people don't buy phones from the cariers) while still being a premium offering. Not sure about that but if so, some of the choices made does makes sense.
Apple now has something for everybody!

Apple now has something for everybody!
UTM is an emulator for virtualizing other operating systems. Here's how to use it to run Apple's Mac OS 9 on a Mac running on Apple Silicon.
It's much easier to share Apple Vision Pro with someone, especially if they're going to put it on more than once in a short period. Here's how guest mode works today.
The Hollyland Lark M2 was already a small, high-quality wireless microphone you could get for the iPhone, but now its M2S successor is even more tiny.
A Federal Civil Court judge ruled that Apple will not be required to enable sideloading in Brazil, meaning that the iPhone maker can continue to distribute apps exclusively via the App Store.
Plex has announced that it will no longer offer free remote streaming for personal media and says its subscription options will see a significant price increase effective April 29, 2025.
While much has been written throughout the years about Apple's cellular modem and how it would stack up versus Qualcomm, Apple's C1 modem in the iPhone 16e is no slouch when it comes to actual internet speeds.
Maybe Apple will never fully walk away from Europe, but the European Commission has just guaranteed that the citizens of its member states will always be the last to get new iPhone features — if they get them at all.
A recent survey found Apple's new iPhone 16e isn't impressing existing iPhone users, but it misses the point on the smartphone's intended consumer base.
The Hollyland Lark M2 was already a small, high-quality wireless microphone you could get for the iPhone, but now its M2S successor is even more tiny.
While much has been written throughout the years about Apple's cellular modem and how it would stack up versus Qualcomm, Apple's C1 modem in the iPhone 16e is no slouch when it comes to actual internet speeds.
Maybe Apple will never fully walk away from Europe, but the European Commission has just guaranteed that the citizens of its member states will always be the last to get new iPhone features — if they get them at all.
"
76,2025-03-12,"Watch this exclusive episode of MozPod for strategies that can transform your consultancy, from defining your branding to finding your first clients.
In this on-demand webinar, discover how AI can unlock scalable growth and automate key processes in your ecommerce business, so you stay ahead of the competition.
Learn what’s working in your industry from over 1.1 million leads analyzed across seven sectors.
Join us as we explore data-backed insights into the impact of reputation management, revealing key trends in customer feedback and review behaviors.
Get an exclusive look at the data-driven Digital PR process you can implement to secure hundreds of top-tier links and media mentions.
Join us to hear exactly how we’re optimizing campaigns, increasing engagement, and adapting to the latest industry shifts.
AI-driven search is disrupting organic traffic and emerging markets present a unique opportunity to future-proof SEO efforts for multinational businesses
With the increase in AI-generated search results and the growing popularity of answer engines, multinational businesses experience declining organic traffic and revenue from organic searches in more established markets.
It might be time to take a page from the investment market’s playbook and focus resources to target emerging markets.
Market volatility in the U.S. and the potential for trade wars have many multinationals diversifying production away from China, resulting in analysts advocating a significant shift in capital investments into emerging markets.
Emerging markets and developing economies are expected to drive global economic growth through 2035 at an average rate of 4.06% compared to 1.59% in advanced economies.
India is one of the fastest-growing major economies, with projections of 6.5% growth. It is closely followed by Southeast Asia’s 5% growth.
Gartner has predicted a 25% decline in traditional search volume by 2026 to as much as 50% by 2028 as consumers embrace generative AI-powered search, including various AI agents.
Organic traffic diversification through SEO and AI optimization in less saturated markets will help mitigate traffic and revenue risks associated with algorithmic and click volatility in established markets.
As AI-powered search adoption grows globally, emerging markets offer a unique landscape for early movers to capitalize on.
In emerging markets like India, China, and Vietnam, generative AI adoption outpaces developed economies as countries’ investments in digital transformation leverage AI to leapfrog traditional growth paths.
Businesses can tap into new audience segments and gain a competitive edge by focusing on SEO strategies tailored to emerging markets and including AI agents.
Moreover, by establishing a strong presence in emerging markets early on, companies can build brand recognition and authority, which are increasingly important factors in organic search engine rankings.
All companies are wrestling with leveraging AI-driven search and new platforms, and globally focused CMOs cannot do this in a vacuum, only for mature markets but for all markets simultaneously.
Making AI optimization a global initiative creates a significant opportunity for multinationals to benefit from first-mover advantages in emerging markets.
By focusing on SEO to capture growth opportunities in emerging markets, CMOs can drive significant revenue growth and establish a strong presence before competitors.
This approach aligns with the evolving role of CMOs, who are increasingly expected to focus on revenue growth and collaborate across departments and markets to drive business success.
To capture this opportunity, businesses need to think globally and refactor their search marketing budgets, strategies, and programs to be more globally focused.
This will require a shift in the size and types of investments in talent, tools, and research to support the following key areas:
For forward-thinking multinational CMOs, the shift toward AI-driven search should not be viewed as a threat but as a strategic inflection point.
The traditional search landscape is evolving, and emerging markets present a unique opportunity to future-proof SEO efforts while driving long-term business growth.
Companies that proactively invest in SEO and AI optimization in high-growth regions will position themselves ahead of competitors who hesitate to expand beyond their core markets.
The digital transformation unfolding in emerging economies creates an environment where early movers can establish dominance, capture market share, and future-proof their search visibility.
This is not just an SEO initiative – it’s a strategic business imperative.
As AI continues reshaping search behaviors, those who recognize and act on the potential of emerging markets today will reap the rewards of sustained digital growth tomorrow.
By allocating resources to SEO in these regions, CMOs can help their organizations mitigate risks associated with declining search volumes in traditional markets while building new revenue streams in markets poised for explosive digital adoption.
Now is the time to pivot, invest, and lead the charge in capturing the next wave of organic search-driven growth.
More Resources:
Featured Image: Who is Danny/Shutterstock

                Motoko Hunt is an International SEO consultant offering technical, content, and other SEO services. Since she established AJPR in 1998, ...             
Conquer your day with daily search marketing news.

                        Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                    
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.

                        Join Our Newsletter.                    
Get your daily dose of search know-how.

                        Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                    
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy. 
In a world ruled by algorithms, SEJ brings timely, relevant information for SEOs, marketers, and entrepreneurs to optimize and grow their businesses -- and careers.

               Copyright © 2025 Search Engine Journal. All rights reserved. Published by Alpha Brand Media.
            "
77,2025-03-12,"Foldable phones may be bulky and expensive, but they do boast larger screens for multitasking, are they worth it?"
78,2025-03-12,"At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life."
79,2025-03-12,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
Published onMarch 12, 2025

Although the smartphone market finally recovered last year after a two-year decline and posted a 4% YoY growth in global sales, smartwatch sales reportedly took a hit in all regions. However, according to Counterpoint’s latest market research report, one OEM defied all odds and saw staggering growth in smartwatch sales.
The research firm notes that smartwatch shipments fell 7% YoY in 2024, with market leader Apple seeing a 19% decline in sales over 2023. While Huawei and Samsung managed to stay in the green with 35% and 3% growth, respectively, Xiaomi took the market by storm with a staggering 135% YoY growth.
The report attributes Xiaomi’s meteoric rise to the strong performance of its premium Watch S1 and budget-friendly Redmi Watch models. Although these aren’t among the best smartwatches currently on the market, the devices are significantly cheaper than competing models from Apple, Samsung, and Google. This is likely one of the main reasons users gravitated towards them instead of getting the Apple Watch Series 10, Galaxy Watch 7 series, or the Pixel Watch 3.
The minimal feature upgrades offered by Apple, Samsung, and Google also seem to have played a role in disappointing sales, especially in North America, where shipments declined significantly compared to 2023. On the contrary, smartwatch shipments ballooned in China, resulting in Huawei maintaining its second spot on the list of the top five smartwatch makers globally and Xiaomi rising to the fourth spot, closely behind Samsung.
Analysts expect smartwatch sales to recover in 2025 as OEMs plan to offer more innovative health and fitness tracking features on upcoming models. Samsung is reportedly working on bringing non-invasive blood glucose monitoring to its smartwatches, which could be a game-changer and boost sales. However, we don’t expect the company to get the technology ready in time for the Galaxy Watch 8 series, which could arrive alongside its next-gen foldables later this year."
80,2025-03-12,"
"
81,2025-03-12,"
        Find insight on Uber Technologies, Tesla, Southwest Airlines and more in the latest Market Talks covering Auto and Transport.
    "
82,2025-03-12,"ByMayra Rodriguez Valladares

ByMayra Rodriguez Valladares
, Senior Contributor. 
Declines in bond yields, stock prices, and the value of the dollar all point to a declining U.S. ... [+] economy.
Bank executives are sounding the alarm about a weakening economy, and everyone should be taking them seriously. In the last few days, BNP Paribas, Citicorp, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley have all announced either that the probability of a recession is rising or that they are downgrading American stocks from Overweight to Neutral.
It is understandable that the stock market is a big focus, because we can easily see how the escalating trade war and layoffs are affecting stock prices on a second-by-second basis. Stock market indices are leading indicators of where investors presently think the economy is headed. However, banks are not just stock investors; they also invest in bonds, and importantly, have exposure to other business lines such as investment banking, private client services, and asset management, which give them very good insight as to what is happening not just in markets, but also in the real economy. They hire numerous economists, market analysts, statisticians, traders, asset managers, and risk managers who analyze lagging, coincident, as well as leading indicators, to see how their credit and market portfolios, as well as their fee generating businesses are being impacted. These professionals are remunerated highly to use data and facts to make the right calls for the sake of the bank’s profits.
Even though today’s CPI numbers showed a slight decrease in the rate of inflation, the level is still too high. Bank stocks’ investors are telling us that they are worried about banks’ performance; in less than two weeks this month, the Dow Jones U.S. Bank Index has declined over 13%, more than double in comparison to the decline of the overall market, as evidenced by the Dow Jones Industrial Index decline of 5.6% in the same time period.
In addition to keeping an ear attune to what bank executives are saying, all of us should be looking at labor market indicators, consumer sentiment surveys, consumer default probabilities, corporate earnings, and corporate default probabilities and bankruptcy levels.
Labor Market Indicators And Consumer Sentiment
Every type of labor data in the last few weeks is telling us that the job market is getting worse. Last week, I wrote about February job cuts being the highest since the Covd-19 peak, the unemployment rate ticking up, and new job creation slowing down. Unfortunately, just in the last six days, there have been additional signs that the job market will continue to worsen:
And with the aforementioned slew of labor data, it is hard for consumers or business associations to be optimistic. Surveys released this week show Americans’ heightened anxiety.
CEOs, small businesses, and especially consumer, sentiment, should not be ignored. Consumer spending represents about 70% of gross domestic product.
Rising Consumer Defaults
Bankers are paying close attention to consumer spending, especially since last week’s Federal Reserve Consumer Credit G-19 report shows that Americans’ consumer debt continues to rise. Household debt, excluding mortgages, is now at $5 trillion dollar, about 20% higher than in 2020; the debt is comprised of loans, lines of credit, student and car loans, and credit cards.
With inflation eating at Americans’ purchasing power, wages and salaries not keeping up, and as more Americans lose their jobs, no one should be surprised that Americans will start to pay back debt late, and in worse cases default. The Survey of Consumer Sentiment is already showing that consumers’ probability of missing a minimum payment “in the next three months rose by 1.3 points to 14.6%, the highest since April 2020.” Even before this year’s tariffs and layoffs, consumers defaulted on $59 billion in credit card debt, a rise of over 30% from 2023.
Corporate Earnings Forecasts, Rising Default Probabilities, And Bankruptcies 
Ominous signs from large corporations in terms of their earnings forecasts and default probabilities are also of concern.
In early March, Moody’s Asset Management Research announced that rated U.S. companies’ default risk was at 9.2%, which is a post-financial crisis high; at the peak of Covid-19, the default rate was at 7.8%. Also of concern is that U.S. corporate bankruptcies rose to a 14-year high in 2024. Now with tariffs, elevated geopolitical risks, and a weakening labor market, the default probability and bankruptcies are likely to rise.
No matter who is trying to distract the American people with comments such as ‘tariffs will bring in revenues,’ ‘no pain, no gain,’ ‘the stock market does not matter,’ or worst yet, trying to possibly change the definition of what a recession is, the data is not lying. Economic and market signals still point to the fact that a painful recession is coming.

February 2025 Job Cuts Are The Highest Since Covid-19 Peak
Economic and Market Data Signal A Recession is Coming
Countries With Weak Banking Systems — And Why The U.S. Should Care
Trump Inherits A Strong Banking System Thanks To Regulations"
83,2025-03-12,"In promoting Elon Musk’s car company, Donald Trump showed just how far he’ll go for his allies.
This is an edition of The Atlantic Daily, a newsletter that guides you through the biggest stories of the day, helps you discover new ideas, and recommends the best in culture. Sign up for it here.
In 2023, Donald Trump posted that electric-car supporters should “ROT IN HELL.” Now he is showcasing Teslas on the White House lawn. Yesterday, the president stood with Elon Musk and oohed and ahhed at a lineup of the electric vehicles, saying that he hoped his purchase of one would help the carmaker’s stock, which had halved in value since mid-December thanks to a combination of customer backlash and general economic uncertainty. (The stock has rebounded by 7.6 percent since yesterday.)
Trump does not own shares in Tesla, as far as we know. He has said that he is supporting the carmaker because protesters are “harming a great American company,” and has suggested that people who vandalize Tesla cars or protest the company should be labeled domestic terrorists. But he also seems interested in helping his friend, the special government employee Elon Musk, maintain his status as the wealthiest man in the world. Yesterday’s White House spectacle was, my colleague Charlie Warzel wrote, “a stilted, corrupt attempt to juice a friend’s stock, and certainly beneath the office of the presidency.”
If any other government official had similarly promoted a friend’s product (especially on hallowed White House grounds), they would have been in clear violation of the specific regulation restricting executive-branch employees from using their role to endorse commercial products or services, Kathleen Clark, a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis, told me. But the president and the vice president are exempt from that regulation, as well as from some of the other ethics rules that govern federal officials. Norms, in this case, are the primary lever for holding the commander in chief accountable.
Trump has repeatedly demonstrated his appetite for overturning norms and pushing ethical bounds, so his latest stunt as a Tesla salesman is not altogether shocking. When Trump learned in 2016 that U.S. presidents are exempt from the conflict-of-interest rules that restrict other government officials, he seemed delighted. “The president can’t have a conflict of interest,” he told The New York Times then. “I’d assumed that you’d have to set up some type of trust or whatever.”
Despite the lack of legal restriction, modern presidents have generally moved assets into blind trusts, which are controlled by independent managers, in order to diminish any perception that they are profiting from the office (or that they are making policy decisions to boost their own investment portfolios). Trump has shuffled around his assets since taking office but in general has chosen to put his family in charge of managing them. Trump recently said that he’d transferred his shares of Truth Social into a trust controlled by his son Donald Trump Jr., a move that is “irrelevant from an ethics point of view” because the money could still flow to him, Clark told me. And with his own family controlling the trust, Trump likely knows exactly where his money is and can make decisions that would increase the value of his holdings.
Presidential conflicts of interest, or even the appearance of them, can undermine public confidence (nearly two-thirds of Americans said they believe that all or most elected officials ran for office to make money, a 2023 Pew Research Center survey found). Trump may not be directly profiting off Tesla, but the problem with him hawking cars poses the same issue as other potential conflicts of interest: What’s good for Truth Social or Trump’s meme coin or Tesla is not necessarily what’s good for the country, and Trump has so far not inspired confidence that he will prioritize the latter.
Musk, too, hasn’t assuaged concerns that he will separate his business interests from his role in the Trump administration: Musk’s corporate empire relies on government contracts. And the federal firings he is overseeing through his DOGE initiative are already reshaping agencies that regulate his companies.
After he sat in the Teslas and complimented them in front of cameras yesterday, Trump told the press that he would buy one of the vehicles and pay with a personal check. That relatively small financial commitment makes a big statement about the president and where his priorities lie: with the interests of his friend, the billionaire.
Related:
Here are three new stories from The Atlantic:
Today’s News
Evening Read
The Man Who Owned 181 Renoirs
By Susan Tallman
Of all the ways that today’s plutocrats spend their billions, founding an art museum is one of the more benign, somewhere behind eradicating malaria but ahead of eradicating democracy. The art in these museums is almost always contemporary, reflecting the dearth of available old masters along with a global chattering-classes consensus that avant-garde art is socially, intellectually, and culturally important. Few of these tycoons, though, are likely to find the stakes as agonizingly high as Albert C. Barnes did.
Read the full article.
More From The Atlantic
Culture Break
Watch. There’s nothing else like Mo, Hannah Giorgis writes. The Palestinian American sitcom (streaming on Netflix) is the first of its kind—and takes its humor very seriously.
Read. “As much as I love the [sci-fi] genre, I always have this desire to betray it at the same time,” Bong Joon Ho, the director of Mickey 17, told David Sims in an interview.
Play our daily crossword.
Stephanie Bai contributed to this newsletter.
Explore all of our newsletters here.
When you buy a book using a link in this newsletter, we receive a commission. Thank you for supporting The Atlantic."
84,2025-03-12,"The New England Patriots made significant upgrades at all three levels of their defense Monday when the legal tampering window of NFL free agency opened.
But they still haven't landed a top-flight wide receiver. And that's where the Cooper Kupp conversation comes in.
The Los Angeles Rams reportedly plan to release their veteran wide receiver after the NFL's new league year begins at 4 p.m. ET on Wednesday unless they can find a trade partner for him, which seems unlikely at this juncture. And while Kupp is past his prime at age 31, he'd still be the No. 1 wideout on a receiver-starved team like the Patriots.
But what are the odds Kupp actually wants to come to New England?
The Boston Herald's Andrew Callahan gave Patriots fans hope Tuesday when he reported that Kupp is ""curious about the prospect of playing in New England"" while noting Kupp's ""personal and professional connections"" to the Patriots, which include a ""friendly"" relationship with Kendrick Bourne, his former college teammate at Eastern Washington.
The MMQB's Albert Breer offered a more pragmatic take on the possibility of a Kupp-Patriots pairing Tuesday on Arbella Early Edition.
""I think a lot of it is going to come down to his options,"" Breer said. ""If he has a chance to go contend for a championship, I think he takes it. 
""What happens if Jacksonville offers him a good deal? That's another (destination with) no state income tax. He knows the new head coach there, Liam Coen. They'd be asking him to come in and be the guy that would be able to start up their culture.
""That's sort of where I see this: The connections that helped the Patriots over the last couple of days get some of these guys might give us an idea of where Cooper Kupp might wind up.""

New England leaned heavily on familiarity in the first wave of free agency, as Carlton Davis, Robert Spillane, Harold Landry, Morgan Moses, Mack Hollins and Josh Dobbs all have some connection to members of Mike Vrabel's coaching staff.
Kupp does have ties to New England through Kupp and Patriots passing game coordinator/tight ends coach Thomas Brown, who spent three seasons with the Rams from 2020 to 2022. But are those ties strong enough for Kupp to choose the Patriots in free agency if he gets an offer from a legitimate playoff contender -- or even a team like the Jaguars, which plays in a warm climate without a state income tax?
That's the reality for Vrabel and his staff; even with a talented young quarterback in Drake Maye, New England isn't a very attractive destination on its own due to cold weather, a high tax rate and the team's combined 8-23 record over the last two seasons.
Vrabel is already working to change that perception, however, and landing Kupp would go a long way toward his goal of rebuilding the team's culture.
""The fact that he hasn't completely dismissed the idea out of hand, that's a good thing for them,"" Patriots Insider Phil Perry said of Kupp. ""The Patriots could use all the help they can get in that receiver room. They could use an elevated level of professionalism.""
Check out more from Breer and Perry on Kupp in the video player above."
85,2025-03-12,"ByArthur Mouratov

ByArthur Mouratov
, Forbes Councils Member. 
Arthur Mouratov, the Founder of Silicon Valley Investclub. 
 
Silicon Valley entered 2025 with strong momentum, attracting massive investments in artificial intelligence (AI), fintech and enterprise technology. Despite short-term market fluctuations, the region’s startup ecosystem remains resilient, with unicorn companies securing substantial funding across various sectors in the first month of 2025.
The Silicon Valley Unicorn Index, a proprietary index developed by my team that derives from our internal analysis of valuation trends across privately held unicorn companies in the region, recorded a -3.28% change in January, contrasting with gains in major stock indices, including the Dow Jones (+4.70%), Nasdaq-100 (+2.20%) and S&P 500 (+2.7%). These figures highlight the evolving dynamics between public and private markets, as well as shifting investment strategies.
With $7.28 billion raised across 118 unicorns in January alone, according to my company’s research, Silicon Valley reaffirmed its status as one of the world’s leading innovation hubs, consistently attracting capital despite broader market fluctuations. While public markets saw steady gains, some investors continued to prioritize AI-driven startups and enterprise technology, signaling long-term confidence in high-growth sectors.
AI remained a dominant investment focus in January 2025, reinforcing Silicon Valley’s role as a global innovation hub. Alongside AI, enterprise software and automation attracted significant capital inflows, highlighting a broader trend of investors prioritizing operational efficiency, data-driven decision-making and scalable AI applications.
One of the largest investments this month came from Databricks, which secured $5.3 billion in debt financing, strengthening its position in AI-powered data analytics and expanding its enterprise AI cloud platform. Meanwhile, Innovaccer raised $275 million to enhance its AI-driven healthcare data platform, optimizing clinical workflows and improving decision-making in medical settings.
This continued capital allocation reflects a maturing AI investment landscape, where the focus is shifting from pure AI research toward practical, industry-specific applications. Investors are backing companies that demonstrate measurable efficiency gains and scalable implementations, signaling that AI’s next phase will be defined by real-world adoption rather than just technological breakthroughs.
The steady rise of AI-focused startups continues to reshape Silicon Valley’s unicorn ecosystem. In January 2025, several companies achieved unicorn status, reflecting strong market demand for AI-driven innovations. Among them was Hippocratic AI, which raised $141 million, reaching a $1.64 billion valuation. The company is focused on AI-powered healthcare solutions, specifically nondiagnostic clinical support and patient safety, further reinforcing AI’s expanding role in critical, high-regulation industries.
This shift is part of a long-term movement in Silicon Valley, where AI is evolving beyond generalized models to highly specialized, industry-specific applications. As AI continues to mature, startups are integrating it into healthcare, finance, enterprise automation and other critical sectors where efficiency and precision are paramount.
The surge in AI-focused funding reflects not just investor enthusiasm but a sustained shift toward AI-powered decision-making, automation and operational efficiency across industries. While previous years saw explosive growth in foundation models and AI infrastructure, 2025 is shaping up to be the year when applied AI solutions demonstrate their long-term commercial value at scale.
Silicon Valley’s unicorns continue to drive technological advancements, particularly in AI, enterprise software and automation. These sectors remain key investment areas as companies refine their business models and product offerings to meet growing industry demand.
AI remains the dominant force in startup funding, with capital increasingly flowing toward automation, data-driven decision-making and specialized industry applications in healthcare, enterprise solutions and financial services. This trend reflects a sustained market shift where investors are prioritizing AI-driven innovations that offer scalability, efficiency and real-world impact over broad, general-purpose models. In the months ahead, AI-driven applications are expected to unlock new efficiencies and reshape industries.
Silicon Valley’s ability to attract capital, foster innovation and scale emerging technologies suggests that its influence may only grow, further cementing its role as a driving force in global technological transformation. Silicon Valley unicorns continue to scale rapidly and influence key trends worldwide. Their growth provides valuable insights into the future of technology, signaling which innovations may have the most lasting impact.
The information provided here is not investment, tax or financial advice. You should consult with a licensed professional for advice concerning your specific situation.
Forbes Finance Council is an invitation-only organization for executives in successful accounting, financial planning and wealth management firms. Do I qualify?"
86,2025-03-12,"ByPeter Cohan

ByPeter Cohan
, Senior Contributor. 
Lisbon , Portugal - 13 November 2024; Bhavin Shah, Founder & CEO, Moveworks, on Centre Stage during ... [+] day two of Web Summit 2024 at the MEO Arena in Lisbon, Portugal. (Photo By Tyler Miller/Sportsfile for Web Summit via Getty Images)
ServiceNow’s stock has lost 8.3% of its value in the week ending March 12, according to Google Finance. However, the company’s shares have recovered some ground — rising about 7.3% since ServiceNow’s March 10 announcement of a $2.85 billion cash and stock acquisition of 500-employee Mountain View, Calif.-based Moveworks — which uses artificial intelligence to understand and resolve employee issues through chat, reported Reuters.
ServiceNow stock’s future trajectory will likely depend in part on whether the company exceeds expectations and raises guidance in its April 2025 first quarter report. Here are two factors that could contribute to stronger results:
ServiceNow is optimistic. “Moveworks attracted five million employee users in 18 months and at 90% of their enterprise customers, 100% of the employees use the product,” according to my March 11 interview with ServiceNow President and Chief Financial Officer Gina Mastantuono. “We have 250 overlapping customers"" and the company aims to sell Moveworks service to ServiceNow’s 8,500 customers, she added.
Agentic AI currently occupies a small proportion of ServiceNow’s nearly $11 billion in total 2024 revenue. However, demand for such services is growing fast and Moveworks – which generated $100 million in 2024 annual recurring revenue, according to a company release – could add meaningfully to ServiceNow’s revenue.
Moveworks will add to ServiceNow’s ProPlus service — which uses generative AI to automate repetitive tasks and deliver service effectively.
“We will be better together,"" said Mastantuono. ""Customers are excited about 1+1=4. Our ProPlus SKU is the fastest growing new product in our history — generating $200 million in annual contract value by the end of 2024,"" she added.
The Moveworks deal is consistent with previous ServiceNow acquisitions. “ServiceNow has prided itself on growing organically,"" Mastantuono told me. ""We make tuck-in acquisitions to add technology and talent.”
Moveworks counts Broadcom, Hearst, Siemens, Toyota, Unilever, Palo Alto Networks, Pinterest, and Instacart among its more than 300 enterprise customers.
Moveworks’ “elegant agentic AI front-end and search capability will help ServiceNow extend its agentic AI market leadership and improve our customers’ employee experience. Any employee can ask a question with a ChatGPT-like interface. With our strength in automating complex workflows, we will figure out what’s going on and fix it,"" she added.
Agentic AI yields significant productivity improvements for ServiceNow which uses its agentic AI services — dubbed Now on Now — internally. “We are customer zero for AI,” Mastantuono said.
""Now on Now has 500,000 agentic AI workflows. We get a 20% productivity increase in customer service – adding three million hours of capacity for people. It enables us to automate 84% of customer support. The number of issues we deflect has increased by 80%. Developer productivity in writing code has increased 20%.”
The acquisition could bring revenue growth. That’s because Moveworks has grown rapidly in recent years – sporting 77% average annual growth in ARR between 2021 and 2024, according to PitchBook.
If two-thirds of ServiceNow customers — or 5,600 companies — adopted Moveworks’ service, ServiceNow’s ARR could increase by $1.6 billion over the next year or two. This assumes Moveworks has 350 customers, about $286,000 in ARR per customer, and those 5,600 ServiceNow customers pay that amount for the Moveworks service within two years of the acquisition closing.
Although ServiceNow is optimistic about the benefits of acquiring Moveworks, the company declined to comment on when its $2.85 billion investment would pay off. “We have 1,000 agentic AI customers already,” she said. “We believe our AI business will grow and supercharge our business.”
The combination of on-and-off again tariffs and government job cuts is generating economic uncertainty which affects ServiceNow’s strategy and outlook. “Due to recent economic uncertainty we are staying close to our customers and looking for ways we can offer them value as they adapt,” Mastantuono told me.
The economic uncertainty could also help ServiceNow outperform its 2025 revenue forecast. That’s because in January, “a strong U.S. dollar created a $175 million hit to 2025 subscription revenue forecasts, further contributing to the weaker-than-expected guidance,” according to xtype.
While foreign exchange fluctuations are outside ServiceNow’s control, they make investors uncomfortable. However, the economic uncertainty has also weakened the U.S. dollar since the beginning of 2025.
For example, the value of the dollar has declined nearly 6% relative to the Euro since the start of January — which could weaken the FX headwind that lowered the company’s revenue forecast.
Analysts have mixed views about the deal — some say the acquisition will enhance ServiceNow’s competitive position while others are concerned that implementation difficulties must be overcome to realize this bullish outcome.
If customers are happy with the agentic AI services emerging from the integration of the two companies’ products, ServiceNow could exceed expectations and its shares could rise."
87,2025-03-12,"
        Silver As A Hedge Against Market Chaos Authored by Adam Sharp via DailyReckoning.co,Headlines blamed yesterday’s crash on Trump. It’s the tariffs!But I have a much simpler explanation: U.S. stocks have never been so overvalued. With stocks trading at nosebleed valuations, almost…
    "
88,2025-03-12,"

      Camila Domonoske
    


                A worker manipulates a block of aluminum in a French smelter in 2022. President Trump has increased tariffs on imported aluminum from 10% to 25%, while also removing exceptions from tariffs on steel. Both metals are crucial raw materials for the automotive sector.
                
                    
                    Sylvain Lefevre/Getty Images Europe
                    
                
hide caption

Automakers are still dealing with whiplash from the delay, imposition and then partial rollback of tariffs on Canada and Mexico. And starting today, they also face higher tariffs on steel and aluminum — raw materials that the auto industry consumes in vast quantities.
President Trump imposed tariffs on the two metals during his first administration. But now he's expanding them. This time, the 25% tariff on steel applies without exceptions for any countries or industries that rely on the metal, and the tariff on aluminum is rising from 10% to 25%. Trump said in a proclamation that the tariffs are justified on national security grounds, although he has also said in remarks they will promote U.S. jobs and make U.S. companies more profitable.
The move was celebrated by domestic steel producers (though aluminum producers and steelworkers warned it was counterproductive to put tariffs on Canada). But it adds another pain point for car manufacturers and other industries that rely on those metals.
The expanded tariffs on steel and aluminum ""place U.S. manufacturers at a tremendous disadvantage—including those who do not import these raw materials,"" the Coalition of American Metal Manufacturers and Users said in a statement. The coalition represents suppliers that use metals as an input, making wires, tools, machines and parts for cars, construction, consumer goods, electronics and other industries. ""The reality is that the U.S. does not produce enough steel or aluminum to meet domestic demand, and new production facilities cannot be built instantly.""
Ford CEO Jim Farley told investors last week that even though Ford gets most of its metal from within the U.S., it will still feel the effects of the tariffs. ""Our suppliers have international sources for aluminum and steel. So that price will come through,"" he said. ""We'll have to deal with it.""
Ann-Marie Uetz, a trial attorney who often represents auto suppliers, said in a recent webinar that even if automakers don't want to share those costs, they often have no choice. ""The [automakers] can't afford for all their suppliers to go out of business,"" she said.
The first time Trump imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum, he proceeded to negotiate a number of exemptions. That doesn't seem to be an option this time around, Iacob Koch-Weser, an analyst at Boston Consulting Group, observed in a note. ""The main options are to source domestically or pay more for imported materials,"" he wrote. Either way, costs will go up.
Meanwhile, Trump's tariffs on Canada and Mexico are in place, but have been suspended until early April for most — but not all — cars and car parts. If those tariffs are reimposed for a significant period of time, it could further drive automaking costs up further — even in the U.S. That's because the North American supply chain is highly integrated, and auto parts may cross the U.S. border several times.
And there are yet more tariffs coming, with Trump set to make announcements on April 2 about tariffs on other countries and specific goods — possibly including cars.
Jamie Barsimantov, with the supply chain risk management company Sphera, says there's not much that companies can do right now to prepare for those yet-to-be-announced tariffs.
""If they know what's going to happen, then they can adjust,"" he says. ""But if they don't know what's going to happen, then they kind of just sit there and wait. And that just means prices go up if the tariffs do come into effect, because they're not really going to be able to make changes to adapt to them in the short term.""
Meanwhile, Trump has publicly said that he is ""saving our auto workers and companies from economic destruction"" by rolling back regulations, including vehicle emissions standards that are pushing companies to make more electric vehicles. For automakers, what the industry needs is more complicated than a total rollback. They want consistency, and worry about ceding the global EV market to China, even as they object to some rules.
And even if deregulation would be welcome, for now, it's not what companies are thinking about, Uetz said. ""The suppliers I am talking to right now are so hyper-focused on tariffs and trade,"" she said. ""They're absolutely hyper-focused on these costs right now, until they get some certainty.""
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
89,2025-03-12,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank UkeDog
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal."
90,2025-03-12,"Wall Street reacts to Trump's tariff flip-flopping with Canada; Reporter's Notebook: ""Animal spirits"" and the stock market"
91,2025-03-12,"This will be Tesla’s weakest quarter for car deliveries since 2022, according to JPMorgan analysts, as the polarizing, powerful role of Tesla boss Elon Musk in President Donald Trump’s administration increasingly weighs on Tesla in the eyes of Wall Street.
Donald Trump, right, and Tesla CEO Elon Musk speak to the press  Tuesday as they stand next to a ... [+] Tesla Cybertruck at the White House.
In a Wednesday note to clients, the JPMorgan group led by Ryan Brinkman lowered its forecast for Tesla’s first-quarter deliveries by 20% from 444,000 to 355,000, significantly below the consensus analyst projection of 430,000, according to FactSet.
JPMorgan’s prediction calls for Tesla’s lowest deliveries since 2022’s third quarter and an 8% decline from 2024’s first quarter.
The negative shift comes as Tesla faces the ""acute"" effects of Musk's ""more divisive new role in government,"" explained Brinkman, alluding to Musk’s role as the head of the Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE).
Tesla sales in Europe are “under far greater pressure than at home as a consequence of statements by Musk pertaining to the war in Ukraine, U.S. participation in NATO, and far-right political parties,” Brinkman added, as new Tesla vehicle registrations cratered 50% year-over-year in January.
And “Tesla appears to have the most to lose” among American car companies from the “shifting regulatory backdrop” under Trump, according to the analysts, citing the potential rollback of electric vehicle tax credits which could further cut into demand for Teslas.
JPMorgan’s $120 share price target for Musk’s company is the lowest on Wall Street, according to FactSet data, and it implies more than 50% downside from Tesla’s $248 ticker Wednesday.
“We struggle to think of anything analogous in the history of the automotive industry, in which a brand has lost so much value so quickly,” wrote the JPMorgan analysts.
The bearish JPMorgan update came as the badly battered Tesla stock enjoyed a rebound, gaining 7.6%. Its best daily percentage gain since January, Tesla stock led a broader rally across technology stocks as tamer-than-expected inflation data restored some investor confidence. Shares of Tesla are still down 39% year-to-date, the second-worst loss of any company listed on the S&P 500, and 48% from their December all-time high.
53%. That’s the proportion of Americans who hold a negative view on Musk, according to a CNN poll released Wednesday, compared to 35% who hold a positive opinion and 11% who have no view.
JPMorgan is the latest major firm to cut its Q1 delivery forecasts for Tesla, joining the likes of Goldman Sachs and UBS. Tesla stock initially enjoyed a significant bump after Trump’s victory, which brought a close Musk ally to power, as shares gained as much as 91% from Election Day through December, before cratering as investors keyed into the potential negative impact of Musk’s controversial White House role and Trump’s tariffs weighed on the market.
Musk is still by far the richest person in the world with a $333.8 billion net worth, according to our latest estimates, though that’s nearly $130 billion below his fortune’s peak in December. Tesla is the primary source of Musk’s wealth, though he also holds multibillion-dollar stakes in his private companies SpaceX, X and xAI.


One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
92,2025-03-12,"The news moves fast, but understanding takes time. At Vox, we don’t chase every headline. We focus on what really matters. We break down the biggest stories — and the ones others overlook — so you can make sense of the world, not just react to it.
We rely on readers like you to fund our journalism. Will you support our work and become a Vox Member today?
Tesla’s electric slide, briefly explained.
by  Devan Schwartz
Donald Trump turning the White House into a Tesla showroom aside, things are looking pretty grim for the electric car company right now. 
The stock has dropped tremendously. 
There have been reports of Tesla chargers being burned, people vandalizing cars, people flipping Tesla drivers off, breaking glass at Tesla showrooms. 
There have also been very spirited peaceful demonstrations all across the US in front of Tesla dealerships, with protesters voicing their dislike of Elon Musk, Donald Trump, and his policies, and the government cuts being enacted by Musk’s DOGE group.
And people are selling their Teslas back, often for significant losses.
The vibes are bad in Europe, too — largely thanks to Musk boosting Germany’s far-right party and making what looked like a Nazi salute. There are widespread protests and a movement for people to buy other types of electric cars. 
Public opinion is starting to crystalize against Tesla because Musk is the face of the company, and many people aren’t happy with what he’s doing politically. The problem for Tesla (and Musk) is when public opinion has catalyzed against something, it can be very hard to reverse course. 
And so then the question becomes: Does Elon Musk care about that?
Faiz Siddiqui, a Washington Post reporter who has written a book on Musk, told me that Tesla’s stock is Musk’s engine. When Musk acquires Twitter or wants to gobble up an AI company, he’s not paying cash. He’s using Tesla stock, based on the understanding that that’s an incredibly profitable, growing asset. 
And Musk is going to continue to need a lot of money. Faiz mentioned that the next big thing for Musk seems to be pivoting Tesla to be a robotics and AI company. Those are expensive goals, and if Tesla stock drops too much, that could limit future ambitions. Maybe Musk cares about that.
However, maybe he sees that as a price worth paying for being the second most powerful man in the world — and some might argue, given his influence on Trump, that he is the most powerful man in the world.
Sure, things are rocky for Tesla at the moment, but Musk now has an unprecedented level of access to the American government and power. And he has a giant portfolio — SpaceX, Tesla, Neuralink, Starlink, xAI — that is very affected by government contracts and regulations. 
So maybe it doesn’t matter if Tesla incurs great losses if Musk is able to use his position to convince the Federal Aviation Administration to move a $2.4 billion government contract from Verizon to Starlink, which is something the FAA is reportedly at least considering. Perhaps DOGE (the “Department of Government Efficiency”) can make his life easier on the regulation front or allow him to learn valuable information about competitors. 
It’s hard to say what Musk’s endgame is, and how secure his position is; there have been some reports of him clashing with other administration officials. 
But one thing the recent Tesla drama has shown is that things seem inevitable until they don’t. Tesla seemed to be on this inevitable glide path to remain one of the most profitable carmakers in the world. Now, maybe not. And the same is true with Elon Musk and his political power: Things can rise and fall faster than you might think.
This piece originally ran in the Today, Explained newsletter. For more stories like this, sign up here.
Understand the world with a daily explainer plus the most compelling stories of the day, compiled by news editor Sean Collins.
The president removed all democrats from the Federal Trade Commission’s board.
Remember when elites cared about the rest of the world?﻿
How the shuttering of a small US-funded news outlet explains Trump’s governing philosophy.
﻿The MAGA movement loves Israel — but is increasingly hostile to Jews.
Trump appears intent on remaking the executive branch as he sees fit. The news is changing rapidly. Follow here for the latest updates, analysis, and explainers.
FCC v. Consumers’ Research could turn SCOTUS into DOGE on steroids.
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved"
93,2025-03-12,"This is a Techmeme archive page.
It shows how the site appeared at 5:50 AM ET, March 12, 2025.

The most current version of the site as always is available at our home page.
To view an earlier snapshot click here
and then modify the date indicated.
"
94,2025-03-12,"The fentanyl dealer from Los Angeles stands to the side watching carefully as a Mexican drugs cartel operative prepares his latest shipment. The synthetic opioid drug is wrapped in foil, sealed in plastic, then dropped with an oily splash into the petrol tank of the trafficker's nondescript car.
Jay, not his real name, had crossed earlier from the US to this cartel-run safe house on the Mexican side of the border. The house looks like any other in this neighbourhood. We are told to drive in quickly and an iron gate closes firmly behind us. They don't cook the drug here, but still they are wary of attracting attention. The men all speak in hushed voices and work quickly.
Their lethal business has become the centre of a global economic dispute. The White House has used fentanyl smuggling through US borders as a key justification for raising tariffs on other nations. US President Donald Trump has also vowed to ""wage war"" on the drug cartels.
The BBC gained rare access to a cartel's operation along the border and travelled to the US to meet their ultimate customers, to see if the international row was doing anything to halt the illegal flow of narcotics.
The men we meet at the safe house are foot-soldiers of a well-known cartel. Two of them loading the car admit to fleeting moments of remorse. But when I ask the man packing the drugs into the fuel tank if he feels guilty about the deaths the pills cause, he sniggers. ""We have family too, of course we feel guilty. But if I stop, it's going to continue. It's not my problem,"" he tells me with a shrug.
The men keep their faces covered while they remove the back seat of the car to gain access to the tank, taking care not to spill petrol. The smell inside the car could alert customs officers on the other side of the border that the fuel tank has been tampered with.
The light green pills, 5,000 in total and marked with an M, are packed tightly - a fraction of what Jay says he sells every week in LA and across the American northwest.
""I try to get 100,000 pills a week, every week,"" the softly spoken dealer tells me. ""I don't send them in one vehicle. I try to spread it in different cars. That way I minimise my risk of losing all my pills.""
A 25% tariff on all goods from Mexico was introduced in response to what President Donald Trump said was the unacceptable flow of illegal drugs and illegal immigrants into the US. Some of those tariffs have since been delayed until 2 April.
Defeating the fentanyl trade is one of President Trump's top policy goals, but Jay doesn't rate his chances.
""Last time he was in office, he tried to do the same thing, and it never happened. There's always going to be a demand. And where's the biggest demand? United States, lucky for us. We're here in the border,"" says Jay with a smile.
There is so much of the drug flowing into the US, most of it coming from Mexico, that according to Jay the price he sells it for in LA has fallen from about $5 or $6 per pill a year ago, to $1.50 now (£1.16).
Mexican police say cartels switched in a big way to fentanyl, which is 50 times more potent than heroin, because unlike other opiates - which are made from the opium poppy - it is completely synthetic and much easier to make and transport.
Fentanyl's strength and addictiveness has left a deep scar on American society: drug overdoses kill more people in the US than guns or car crashes. Fatalities have started to decline, perhaps due in part to the greater availability of Naloxone, a drug that reverses the effects of overdoses of opioids. But the latest figures are still stark: 87,000 overdose deaths (mostly from opioids) from October 2023 to September 2024, down from 114,000 the year before.
In an attempt to stave off punitive tariffs from the White House, Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum has pledged to send 10,000 National Guard troops to the border. The government has made more than 900 arrests since October in Sinaloa, a major drug trafficking hub. Back in December, Mexico announced its biggest ever fentanyl seizure in the state: more than a tonne of pills. In fact, the country has seized more fentanyl in the past five months than it did in the previous year.
Mexico has also made it harder to import a key ingredient of fentanyl from China, prompting cartels to reduce the strength of each pill - and, in the process, making them less deadly.
And at the end of February, 29 senior drug cartel figures were handed over to the United States, including members of five of the six Mexican crime syndicates that President Trump's administration recently designated as terrorist organisations.
President Sheinbaum also said she had agreed to the CIA increasing surveillance drone operations over Mexican territory in search of fentanyl drugs labs, after the media revealed the covert missions.
Jay acknowledges the dangers of his trade to himself and his customers, but is untroubled.
""They always try to blame us, that we are the ones that are poisoning American citizens. But they're the biggest users.""
He coolly insulates himself from responsibility and guilt for the deaths his drugs cause. He claims not to know anyone who has died using his product. ""I only deal with other suppliers,"" he tells me.
The cartels mostly use American citizens to courier their drugs across the border, as they are less likely to be stopped by US Customs and Border Protection. The driver, who goes by the name Charlie, has a US passport. He, too, is mostly indifferent to the suffering the fentanyl epidemic has caused. 
""I need the money,"" he says. When I ask him how many times he has made the drugs run, he replies: ""Too many."" (I later learn that the 5,000 pills in the fuel tank made it across the border without incident.)
President Sheinbaum has also recently emphasised the demand side of the crisis, saying the US fentanyl crisis began with the legal but ""irresponsible approval"" of painkillers, such as OxyContin, starting in the late 1990s. ""The US government should take responsibility for the opioid-consumption crisis that has caused so many deaths,"" she said at a daily news conference.
On the other side of the border is Derek Maltz, who has spent a lifetime in US drug enforcement. He has been made the interim leader of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and spoke to me just before his appointment.
""The Mexican cartels need to know that we're coming down there,"" he tells me. ""We're going to have aggressive operations to go after you and your business because you are killing our American kids at record levels and it's not going to be tolerated.""
Mr Maltz agrees, though, that targeting the cartels alone will not solve the opioid crisis. ""The cartels are very bad guys,"" he tells me. ""They're transnational criminals. They're narco-terrorists. However, there is a bad demand problem in America, we have to address why our population is turning to drugs for help.""
In Philadelphia's Kensington neighbourhood - dubbed the largest open-air drugs market on the US east coast - Rosalind Pichardo of Operation Save Our City is on to her second Bible. She records in the book's back pages the number of times she has reversed an opioid overdose using the quick-acting drug Naloxone. 
For the past six years, the figure totals 2,931. She flicks through the pages and that number written in red comes alive with the memories of the individuals she saved, and the ones she lost.
She begins to list: ""Male in his 60s… male 30s… female in her 30s, very thin, no hair."" Beside each name in this roll-call of fentanyl victims, is the number of doses of Naloxone - sold under the name Narcan - she used to attempt to revive people.
Ms Pichardo, who runs a drop-in centre called Sunshine House, operates what she calls a ""no-judgement zone"". She bristles at the terms like ""addict"", ""junkie"" or ""zombie"", which have been used to describe the people of her neighbourhood. Instead, she calls everyone ""sunshine"".
Some she doesn't remember; others she will never forget.
""Look at this one, seven years old, two Narcans,"" she points out. Ms Pichardo had been called to a neighbour's house where a woman was holding in her arms a child who had turned blue. Ms Pichardo went inside and the girl was placed on the floor, but as she entered the child's father ran upstairs carrying a bag. ""I'm thinking if that was my child, I'd be running to help the child,"" she recalls. 
At first, she thought it might be epilepsy, but she spotted drug scales and plastic baggies on a nearby table. The kid's dad was a drug dealer; the seven-year-old had been poisoned by his stash and overdosed. ""I was livid,"" she says.
Those two doses of Narcan were enough to save the child's life.
On another page, a woman, six months pregnant, two doses of Narcan. She also survived.
In Kensington, drugs are cheap and plentiful, and people shoot up in the open. As she walks the neighbourhood, Ms Pichardo finds people passed out on the pavement, a woman in a stupor with her trousers down, a man lying prone next to a metro turnstile, another man in a wheelchair, his eyes closed and money in his hands. 
He, like a growing number of opioid users, has had a limb amputated. A new drug on the street, the animal tranquilliser Xylazine, is being mixed with fentanyl. It leads to open wounds which become infected. The air is rank in places.
John White is 56 years old, and for 40 of those years he has struggled with addiction. At Sunshine House, Ms Pichardo serves him a bowl of homemade soup.
""I've been in this city all my life,"" he says. ""The fentanyl and opioid epidemic is the worst I've ever seen. Fentanyl will get you so hooked that you have to get more. So they put it in everything.""
Mr White had a fentanyl overdose after smoking a joint laced with the drug: it is being added to all kinds of illicit drugs, including heroin, cocaine and marijuana.
Ms Pichardo holds out little hope that even if the fentanyl trade is cut off from Mexico, it will improve people's lives in Kensington.
""The problem that we have with the war on drugs is - it didn't work then [and] I don't believe it's going to work now,"" she explains.
When the supply of one drug is cut off, another replaces it, she says. ""Once there was heroin, now there's no more. Now there's fentanyl. When there's no fentanyl, now it's going to be Xylazine. So it's like they'll find a way to keep people addicted so that people can make money off of people, off the suffering of people,"" says Ms Pichardo.
Directly across from Sunshine House, a young woman is found collapsed on the pavement, her body splayed across the concrete: she's unresponsive. Ms Pichardo is quickly on the scene, her medical kit by her side, yet again administering Naloxone. The woman is eventually revived - she will survive.
Roz Pichardo returns to Sunshine House, another life saved and another digit to be added to the back pages of her tattered Bible.
Top picture: Darren Conway, BBC
Police have been searching for the missing University of Pittsburgh student, who was on spring break in Punta Cana, for the past two weeks. 
The University of Pennsylvania says it has not been told of the plan to block $175m in federal funding. 
Greenpeace has warned it could be forced into bankruptcy because of the case brought by Energy Transfer.
Experts praised a move towards transparency, but there are no major revelations in the documents - and some still have yet to be released.
The Trump administration is seeking to deport the Palestinian activist and Columbia graduate for his alleged role in 2024 protests.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
95,2025-03-12,"Login

Vlad 
12 March 2025


vivo Android Rumors

vivo is getting ready to unveil the X200 Ultra soon, and so far we've heard it would stay confined to the Chinese market unfortunately. But today a new report claims vivo India is pushing to have it released in India as well, along with the X200 Pro mini that's already official.
Just to be clear, nothing is certain yet, it remains to be seen if vivo's Indian arm manages to convince vivo HQ in China that this is a worthwhile move. The argument behind this comes from the X200 Pro's ""successful market performance"" in India.
vivo execs allegedly informed ""partners"" during MWC in Barcelona earlier this month that the X200 Pro had ""completely sold out"" in India, leading to a request for additional units from its manufacturing facilities. The X Fold3 Pro has also apparently been quite successful in India, and this has ""further strengthened vivo's confidence in its ability to compete in the ultra-premium smartphone segment"".
For what it's worth, the X100 Ultra didn't make it to India last year, despite a media showcase at its Tech Day event. But vivo is now India's leading smartphone brand and it most likely would like to keep that crown even in the high-end space, and not surrender it to the likes of Xiaomi which has just announced the 15 and 15 Ultra for the Indian market.
vivo X200 Pro





These are the best offers from our affiliate partners. We may get a commission from qualifying sales.




512GB 16GB RAM$ 730.00€ 1,299.00256GB 12GB RAM$ 799.00Show all prices
vivo X Fold3 Pro





These are the best offers from our affiliate partners. We may get a commission from qualifying sales.




1TB 16GB RAM$ 1,999.00512GB 16GB RAM₹ 159,999Show all prices
Source
The HAL 9000 phone.
Exactly: 
 
I read: f/1.69-f/2.27 -> 14mm ; 35 mm ; 85 mm
The big disappointment into here from ViVO for real - unlike the X100 Ultra predecessor, no more a Type 1.0""(Nikon CX format, 13.2x8.8mm) Sensor size for the main Sensor. It does seem to be, Xiaomi with their 15 Ultra is the only brand, to keep ...



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2025 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use
Change Ad Consent
Do not sell my data
"
96,2025-03-12,"


								
									AAPL: 216.16 ( +0.92 )								

									Copyright © 2025 Quiller Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
								
UK Parliament
The UK's Competition and Markets Authority wants Apple to allow rivals like Facebook to offer browsers on iPhone, but passes the buck on doing anything about it. Back in November 2024, the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) in the UK released a preliminary report saying that Apple blocks developers' ability to offer innovation in the browser market. Apple responded by saying the CMA was giving too much weight to the self-interest arguments from its rivals.Now the CMA has released its full report which chiefly ignores Apple's position on browsing. The CMA's original investigation was also into the area of cloud gaming, but the regulator says Apple's recent rule changes have satisfied its concerns.Apple has also changed its position on Progressive Web Apps, but in this case the CMA claims the company still blocks or limits them.Overall, the CMA's findings concentrate on Apple's requirement for all third-party browsers to use WebKit —  although that is no longer true within the EU. The CMA's conclusion is that rival browsers should have access to the same technology as Apple creates for its Safari browser, and specifically that users are being denied the innovation those rivals would bring.""Meta told us that it wants to build an in-app browser using its own browser engine on iOS that it could customise completely to create in-app browsing experiences,"" says the report. ""According to Meta, this would allow it to develop new features that could improve user experience, security and performance.""A Meta browser within Facebook, however, would circumvent all of Apple's privacy controls. These are the controls that when introduced in 2022, protect user privacy to such a degree that Facebook took a $10 billion revenue hit.It's particularly concerning that the CMA took this at face value because of what else the report says about browsing. ""Whether they know it or not, consumers also access a significant amount of internet content through 'in-app browsers',"" it says.""While their presence is unknown to most consumers,"" says the CMA, ""browser engines largely determine how fast and smoothly a browser runs, the levels of privacy the user has and the degree of security from malicious attacks while doing so.""So the CMA is conscious that browsers require security, and also that users will not necessarily know when an in-app browser circumvents Apple's privacy rules and exposes their private data. But it still accepts the claim that Meta only wants to innovate for the benefit of its users.The CMA also accepts Microsoft, Mozilla, and Vivaldi's claims that they want to offer additional security and privacy features that WebKit blocks. ""We accept [Apple's position] that the current restriction does reduce the risk of third-party browsers on iOS using outdated, vulnerable engines or implementing insecure new features,"" says the report. ""However, we consider that the risks could be managed in other ways which would not involve a complete ban on other browser engines as is currently the case, eg by Apple imposing minimum security standards on mobile browsers using browser engines other than WebKit.""The CMA's report does offer similar criticisms of Google, but references Apple roughly twice as much. (""Apple"" is mentioned 87 times compared to 47 for ""Google."" Then ""iOS"" gets 48 mentions while ""Android"" gets 26.)So the report is chiefly focused on how Apple is allegedly blocking innovation, and consequently it has some forceful conclusions. But the CMA is also not going to do anything about this, at least not at present and not in the regulator's current form.What happens next?Nothing happens next. According to the CMA's own timetable, this final report on March 12, 2025, was to be followed by the statutory deadline of March 16, but no regulations will now be made at all.This is because the CMA says that ""we concluded that if implemented through the remedy-making powers available to us in this market investigation, there would be a number of significant risks to the effectiveness of these measures.""The report does not say what those risks are. It says instead that while its investigation was ongoing, the CMA itself was granted new powers under the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Act 2024.These are the new powers that allow the CMA ""to designate firms as having 'strategic market status' (SMS)... and impose forward-looking requirements to guide [their] conduct."" These powers came into effect on January 1, 2025, and as part of that, the CMA is now investigating whether it can call Apple or Google an SMS firm.So this report by the CMA has recommendations for what Apple should be forced to do, but is kicking that decision down the road. The CMA is actually waiting on the CMA. 
Back in November 2024, the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) in the UK released a preliminary report saying that Apple blocks developers' ability to offer innovation in the browser market. Apple responded by saying the CMA was giving too much weight to the self-interest arguments from its rivals.
Now the CMA has released its full report which chiefly ignores Apple's position on browsing. The CMA's original investigation was also into the area of cloud gaming, but the regulator says Apple's recent rule changes have satisfied its concerns.
Apple has also changed its position on Progressive Web Apps, but in this case the CMA claims the company still blocks or limits them.
Overall, the CMA's findings concentrate on Apple's requirement for all third-party browsers to use WebKit —  although that is no longer true within the EU. The CMA's conclusion is that rival browsers should have access to the same technology as Apple creates for its Safari browser, and specifically that users are being denied the innovation those rivals would bring.

""Meta told us that it wants to build an in-app browser using its own browser engine on iOS that it could customise completely to create in-app browsing experiences,"" says the report. ""According to Meta, this would allow it to develop new features that could improve user experience, security and performance.""
A Meta browser within Facebook, however, would circumvent all of Apple's privacy controls. These are the controls that when introduced in 2022, protect user privacy to such a degree that Facebook took a $10 billion revenue hit.
It's particularly concerning that the CMA took this at face value because of what else the report says about browsing. ""Whether they know it or not, consumers also access a significant amount of internet content through 'in-app browsers',"" it says.
""While their presence is unknown to most consumers,"" says the CMA, ""browser engines largely determine how fast and smoothly a browser runs, the levels of privacy the user has and the degree of security from malicious attacks while doing so.""
So the CMA is conscious that browsers require security, and also that users will not necessarily know when an in-app browser circumvents Apple's privacy rules and exposes their private data. But it still accepts the claim that Meta only wants to innovate for the benefit of its users.
The CMA also accepts Microsoft, Mozilla, and Vivaldi's claims that they want to offer additional security and privacy features that WebKit blocks. 
""We accept [Apple's position] that the current restriction does reduce the risk of third-party browsers on iOS using outdated, vulnerable engines or implementing insecure new features,"" says the report. ""However, we consider that the risks could be managed in other ways which would not involve a complete ban on other browser engines as is currently the case, eg by Apple imposing minimum security standards on mobile browsers using browser engines other than WebKit.""
The CMA's report does offer similar criticisms of Google, but references Apple roughly twice as much. (""Apple"" is mentioned 87 times compared to 47 for ""Google."" Then ""iOS"" gets 48 mentions while ""Android"" gets 26.)
So the report is chiefly focused on how Apple is allegedly blocking innovation, and consequently it has some forceful conclusions. But the CMA is also not going to do anything about this, at least not at present and not in the regulator's current form.
Nothing happens next. According to the CMA's own timetable, this final report on March 12, 2025, was to be followed by the statutory deadline of March 16, but no regulations will now be made at all.
This is because the CMA says that ""we concluded that if implemented through the remedy-making powers available to us in this market investigation, there would be a number of significant risks to the effectiveness of these measures.""
The report does not say what those risks are. It says instead that while its investigation was ongoing, the CMA itself was granted new powers under the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Act 2024.
These are the new powers that allow the CMA ""to designate firms as having 'strategic market status' (SMS)... and impose forward-looking requirements to guide [their] conduct."" These powers came into effect on January 1, 2025, and as part of that, the CMA is now investigating whether it can call Apple or Google an SMS firm.
So this report by the CMA has recommendations for what Apple should be forced to do, but is kicking that decision down the road. 
The CMA is actually waiting on the CMA. 
William Gallagher has 30 years of experience between the BBC and AppleInsider discussing Apple technology. Outside of AppleInsider, he's best known for writing Doctor Who radio dramas for BBC/Big Finish, and is the De...
It’s not chickening out. It’s doing the right thing. For once. In this case, the EU doing nothing is doing the right thing. The whole DMA fiasco needs to be reversed ASAP. 

It’s not chickening out. It’s doing the right thing. For once. In this case, the EU doing nothing is doing the right thing. The whole DMA fiasco needs to be reversed ASAP. 

9secondkox2 said:
It’s not chickening out. It’s doing the right thing. For once. In this case, the EU doing nothing is doing the right thing. The whole DMA fiasco needs to be reversed ASAP. 

This isn't about the EU or the DMA. 


This isn't about the EU or the DMA. 

avon b7 said:

9secondkox2 said:
It’s not chickening out. It’s doing the right thing. For once. In this case, the EU doing nothing is doing the right thing. The whole DMA fiasco needs to be reversed ASAP. 

This isn't about the EU or the DMA. 

Sure it is, the UK is just copycatting the EU on these issues.But, it's hard not to see corrupt intent here from the UK ""regulators"" when they blithely accept, against all objective evidence, the word of Meta, et al. that they are being prevented from doing good for consumers by ""not being allowed to innovate"" with browser technology. First of all, consumers don't need (or probably want, if they were to actually think about it) innovation in rendering engines (HTML/CSS/DOM/Javascript). ""Innovation"" in rendering engines serves only one purpose and that purpose is anticompetitive — user and developer lock-in to a specific rendering engine. And, no, that is not what Apple is doing with WebKit, they follow standards and don't add ""features"" that make websites incompatible with other browsers. Secondly, the facile representation by these companies that they are in any way interested in improving the user experience is laughable; they are interested in improving their own experience in monetizing users, period. So, how do we explain this attack on user privacy, in both the EU and the UK, that is cloaked in terms like ""competition"" and ""fairness"" but seems to have no purpose other than to destroy privacy and pervert the concept of fairness?The regulators in the UK, like those in the EU, are either so ignorant of these issues that they have no business regulating anything or they are so corrupt that they view their job as selling ""regulation"" to the highest bidder. Personally, I think it's a combination of both. But, the UK in particular have a track record of being anti-privacy in all regards, and the EU has a track record of hobbling US companies to benefit EU companies. It's not surprising that they are engaged in these blatant attempts to undermine privacy and competition, but it is particularly hypocritical of them to pretend they are doing the opposite.


Sure it is, the UK is just copycatting the EU on these issues.But, it's hard not to see corrupt intent here from the UK ""regulators"" when they blithely accept, against all objective evidence, the word of Meta, et al. that they are being prevented from doing good for consumers by ""not being allowed to innovate"" with browser technology. First of all, consumers don't need (or probably want, if they were to actually think about it) innovation in rendering engines (HTML/CSS/DOM/Javascript). ""Innovation"" in rendering engines serves only one purpose and that purpose is anticompetitive — user and developer lock-in to a specific rendering engine. And, no, that is not what Apple is doing with WebKit, they follow standards and don't add ""features"" that make websites incompatible with other browsers. Secondly, the facile representation by these companies that they are in any way interested in improving the user experience is laughable; they are interested in improving their own experience in monetizing users, period. So, how do we explain this attack on user privacy, in both the EU and the UK, that is cloaked in terms like ""competition"" and ""fairness"" but seems to have no purpose other than to destroy privacy and pervert the concept of fairness?The regulators in the UK, like those in the EU, are either so ignorant of these issues that they have no business regulating anything or they are so corrupt that they view their job as selling ""regulation"" to the highest bidder. Personally, I think it's a combination of both. But, the UK in particular have a track record of being anti-privacy in all regards, and the EU has a track record of hobbling US companies to benefit EU companies. It's not surprising that they are engaged in these blatant attempts to undermine privacy and competition, but it is particularly hypocritical of them to pretend they are doing the opposite.

anonymouse said:

avon b7 said:

9secondkox2 said:
It’s not chickening out. It’s doing the right thing. For once. In this case, the EU doing nothing is doing the right thing. The whole DMA fiasco needs to be reversed ASAP. 

This isn't about the EU or the DMA. 

Sure it is, the UK is just copycatting the EU on these issues.But, it's hard not to see corrupt intent here from the UK ""regulators"" when they blithely accept, against all objective evidence, the word of Meta, et al. that they are being prevented from doing good for consumers by ""not being allowed to innovate"" with browser technology. First of all, consumers don't need (or probably want, if they were to actually think about it) innovation in rendering engines (HTML/CSS/DOM/Javascript). ""Innovation"" in rendering engines serves only one purpose and that purpose is anticompetitive — user and developer lock-in to a specific rendering engine. And, no, that is not what Apple is doing with WebKit, they follow standards and don't add ""features"" that make websites incompatible with other browsers. Secondly, the facile representation by these companies that they are in any way interested in improving the user experience is laughable; they are interested in improving their own experience in monetizing users, period. So, how do we explain this attack on user privacy, in both the EU and the UK, that is cloaked in terms like ""competition"" and ""fairness"" but seems to have no purpose other than to destroy privacy and pervert the concept of fairness?The regulators in the UK, like those in the EU, are either so ignorant of these issues that they have no business regulating anything or they are so corrupt that they view their job as selling ""regulation"" to the highest bidder. Personally, I think it's a combination of both. But, the UK in particular have a track record of being anti-privacy in all regards, and the EU has a track record of hobbling US companies to benefit EU companies. It's not surprising that they are engaged in these blatant attempts to undermine privacy and competition, but it is particularly hypocritical of them to pretend they are doing the opposite.
It's not that the consumers don't want or need, ""innovation"" in browser engines ....... so long as it's in the browser they are already using. But for sure, developers don't want to have to develop websites for more than the 3 main browser engines (WebKit, Blink and Gecko) we have now. The last thing they want is to develop websites to be compatible for another browser engine, no matter how much more ""innovative"" it might be. And Blink is a fork of Webkit but there are enough differences *(improvements) made over the years, that Blink is now considered another browser engine. And have an over 75% market share. All three are open source and ""innovation's "" are still possible with-in each browser engine. But Google with their 75% Blink market share has nearly full control on how browsers will have to work in order to properly render internet websites.  Once Blink approach the 90% market share, developers will begin to no longer see a need to develop for the WebKit engine.With the EU forcing Apple to allow browser engines other than WebKit, this will only serve to cement Blink ""monopoly"". What did Microsoft do when they needed to ""innovate"" their Edge browser ...... they adopted Blink. If company has the money to come up with a new innovative browser, it's Microsoft (not to say that they actually have the talent.). Any market share that Webkit looses in mobile, will be Blink gain. Gecko has no mobile presence. This has already happened on desktop computers when Edge started using the Blink browser engine. But the EU politicians are too tech ignorant to see what most here already know. Do the EU politicians actually think some EU firm is going to develop a new innovative browser engine that will compete with or replace .... Blink?https://medium.com/@stouff.nicolas/why-every-browser-switching-to-blink-could-be-bad-news-for-the-web-aea773059e84https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/discussions/edgeinsiderdiscussions/browser-engine-monopolization/982251If the US DOJ get their wishes and prevent Google from sharing their ad revenue with the owner of the browser, (in exchange for being the default search engine), then we can probably see the end of Gecko engine ""innovations"", as Google ad revenue sharing accounts for 80% of Mozilla Firefox revenue. And most of Gecko market share will most likely go to Blink.  Here's a good article detailing the criteria thresholds that the EU came up with, to determine which companies would fall under the regulations outlined in the DMA.https://www.bruegel.org/blog-post/which-platforms-will-be-caught-digital-markets-act-gatekeeper-dilemma#_ftnref2With the conclusion being .......>The Commission has not disclosed the thinking behind these thresholds. However, a reading of the Digital Markets Act Impact Assessment support study annex, which reported an analysis of various quantitative indicators[1] for 19 digital firms[2],
 shows three things: (1) the exercise carried out by the European 
Commission was subjective. There is no magic economic formula that would
 suggest that these are the optimal quantitative thresholds that 
maximise the efficacy of the restrictions and obligations imposed by the
 DMA. (2) The approach applied by the European Commission was most 
likely based on a backward induction process: the Commission 
had a rough idea of the companies that the DMA should capture, it then 
crafted the thresholds accordingly, to be sure the bigger players would 
be included. (3) Finally, the Commission had to make a clear trade-off: 
too-high thresholds would limit the impact of the DMA because companies 
with strong market leverage and capable of limiting competition in 
digital markets could fall out of scope; too-low thresholds would, 
however, entail high costs, for example burdening companies with 
compliance duties when they do not restrict competition in the digital 
market, or increasing pressure on resource-constrained public enforcers.<

UTM is an emulator for virtualizing other operating systems. Here's how to use it to run Apple's Mac OS 9 on a Mac running on Apple Silicon.
It's much easier to share Apple Vision Pro with someone, especially if they're going to put it on more than once in a short period. Here's how guest mode works today.
The Hollyland Lark M2 was already a small, high-quality wireless microphone you could get for the iPhone, but now its M2S successor is even more tiny.
A Federal Civil Court judge ruled that Apple will not be required to enable sideloading in Brazil, meaning that the iPhone maker can continue to distribute apps exclusively via the App Store.
Plex has announced that it will no longer offer free remote streaming for personal media and says its subscription options will see a significant price increase effective April 29, 2025.
While much has been written throughout the years about Apple's cellular modem and how it would stack up versus Qualcomm, Apple's C1 modem in the iPhone 16e is no slouch when it comes to actual internet speeds.
Maybe Apple will never fully walk away from Europe, but the European Commission has just guaranteed that the citizens of its member states will always be the last to get new iPhone features — if they get them at all.
A recent survey found Apple's new iPhone 16e isn't impressing existing iPhone users, but it misses the point on the smartphone's intended consumer base.
The Hollyland Lark M2 was already a small, high-quality wireless microphone you could get for the iPhone, but now its M2S successor is even more tiny.
While much has been written throughout the years about Apple's cellular modem and how it would stack up versus Qualcomm, Apple's C1 modem in the iPhone 16e is no slouch when it comes to actual internet speeds.
Maybe Apple will never fully walk away from Europe, but the European Commission has just guaranteed that the citizens of its member states will always be the last to get new iPhone features — if they get them at all.
"
