,date,content
0,2025-03-08,"We recently published a list of 13 Best Cheap Dividend Stocks To Buy Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Merck & Co., Inc..."
1,2025-03-08,"""I actually made probably 10 times that amount of money."""
2,2025-03-08,
3,2025-03-08,
4,2025-03-08,"As Donald Trump’s administration continues its relentless reorganization of the United States federal government, documents obtained by WIRED showed this week that the Department of Defense is looking at cutting as much as three-quarters of its workforce that’s specifically focused on stopping proliferation of chemical, biological, and nuclear weapons. Meanwhile, the US Army is using its “CamoGPT” AI tool to “review” diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility policies per Trump administration orders. The military originally developed the AI service to improve productivity and operational readiness.
US civil liberties organizations are pushing the director of national intelligence. Tulsi Gabbard, to declassify details about Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act—a central overseas wiretap authority that is notorious for also capturing a large number of calls, texts, and emails made or sent by Americans. And the US Justice Department on Wednesday charged 10 alleged hackers and two Chinese government officials over digital crimes spanning more than a decade as part of China’s extensive hack-for-hire ecosystem.
Ongoing analysis from a consortium of researchers led by Human Security found that at least a million low-price Android devices, like TV streaming boxes and tablets, have been compromised as part of a scamming and ad fraud campaign known as Badbox 2.0. The activity, which the researchers say comes out of China, is an evolution of a previous effort to backdoor similar devices.
And there's more. Each week, we round up the security and privacy news we didn’t cover in depth ourselves. Click the headlines to read the full stories. And stay safe out there.
Two people who allegedly worked as part of a group to access nearly 1,000 tickets to concerts and other events—many for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour—before selling them on for more than $600,000 profit were arrested and charged with the potential crimes in Queens this week. Tyrone Rose, 20, and Shamara P. Simmons, 31, of Jamaica, Queens, were arrested and arraigned in connection to the theft and sales, according to Queens district attorney Melinda Katz.
Between June 2022 and July 2023, it is alleged that 350 orders—totaling 993 tickets—on ticketing platform StubHub were accessed at a third-party contractor called Sutherland. “The Sutherland employees, defendant Tyrone Rose and an unapprehended accomplice, allegedly used their access to StubHub’s computer system to find a backdoor into a secure area of the network where already sold tickets were given a URL and queued to be emailed to the purchaser to download,” the district attorney’s office wrote in a statement.
They then emailed URLs to another accomplice who has since died, the office says, before posting the tickets to StubHub for resale. While the investigations are ongoing, the District Attorney’s office claimed the proceeds of the cybercrime totaled around $635,000 and also involved tickets for Ed Sheeran concerts, NBA games, and the US Open Tennis Championships.
Every year, criminals make billions from the operations of highly organized scam compounds in Southeast Asia. As these operations have grown in sophistication, so has the wider ecosystem that supplies them with the technology and services needed to run the scams. And experts say there’s no bigger marketplace than Huione Guarantee—a Cambodian gray market selling scam services that researchers claim has facilitated more than $24 billion in transactions.
This week, according to a report by Radio Free Asia, the banking arm of Huione Guarantee’s parent company, Huione Group, had its financial license suspended by officials in Cambodia. According to the report, the Huione Pay service had its license withdrawn for failing to comply with “existing regulations.” The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime and crypto tracing firm Elliptic previously had linked money moving through Huione Pay to cyberscamming. “They are willing facilitators of pig butchering and other fraud, so any regulatory action against them should be welcomed,” Elliptic founder Tom Robinson claimed to Radio Free Asia.
The US Department of Justice announced an operation this week with Germany and Finland to disrupt the digital infrastructure behind notorious Russian cryptocurrency exchange Garantex. For years, the platform has allegedly been used for money laundering and other criminal transactions, including sanctions evasion. The DOJ claimed in its announcement that “transnational criminal organizations—including terrorist organizations” have utilized the exchange. Law enforcement said that the platform has processed at least $96 billion in cryptocurrency transactions since April 2019. US authorities said they froze over $26 million in funds used to facilitate money laundering as part of the Garantex takedown.
The FBI warned this week that scammers pretending to be attackers from the BianLian ransomware gang are demanding ransoms from corporate executives in the US. The demands include claims that the group has breached a company’s network and threaten to publish sensitive information unless a target pays up. Such criminal digital extortion is common enough that scammers apparently feel that they can plausibly make the claims and intimidate targets without even attacking them. The FBI says that the scammers’ ransom demands say that they come from BianLian and range from $250,000 to $500,000 payable via a QR code that links to a Bitcoin wallet. The real BianLian group has links to Russia and has targeted US critical infrastructure since June 2022, according to a November alert from the US Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.
In your inbox: WIRED's most ambitious, future-defining stories
DOGE takeover: Elon Musk’s toxicity could spell disaster for Tesla
Big Story: A crypto crimefighter’s descent into Nigerian prison
I dated multiple AI partners at once. It got real weird
Summer Lab: Explore the future of tech with WIRED
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
5,2025-03-08,"ByJohn S. Tobey

ByJohn S. Tobey
, Contributor. 
New home sales trend bends down
After a lengthy rise, home builder stocks have dropped around 30%. Time to buy? Probably not. Fundamentals began weakening last year as homebuilders continued to build their significantly large inventories even as sales tapered off. (See my October 4 article, ""Homebuilder Optimism May Be Ending As Conditions Weaken"")
New home buying tends to run in lengthy cycles. The current trend is now downwards as the number of buyers shrinks. Likely, the cause is more than a high mortgage rate. New home prices are no longer rising, thereby removing a key driver of buyer interest. Add in today’s high uncertainties (see my March 1 article, ""Significant Uncertainties Put U.S. Stock Market At Risk""), and the weakening consumer sentiment is understandable.
Importantly, there are no significant positives on the horizon, so homebuilders will be working to reduce their excess inventories. Inventories historically have run at about six months of sales. However, the optimism built from the abnormally high 2020-2021 sales drove homebuilder inventories up to about nine months of the now back-to-normal sales volume. Reducing that 50% overage is a challenge. Moreover, with consumer sentiment weakening, ""normal sales volume"" could decline, making the race to reduce even more difficult.
Home builder stocks are in the ""consumer cyclical"" sector because they are sensitive to shifts in the economy, financial conditions and consumer attitudes.
While the recent home builder stock declines may appear to have reversed investors’ optimism, the uncertainty risk is growing. That uncertainty development means new home sales could fall further. If such a downtrend does emerge, expect homebuilder stocks to drop significantly. These graphs show the recent drops that, while large, have only erased the last optimistic surge.
First, the 15-month weekly pattern shows the final optimistic run-up and reversal. (Declines from 52-week high: D.R. Horton -33%; Lennar -33%; NVR -26%; PulteGroup -28%)
15-month charts for S&P 500 homebuilders
Second, the 5-year monthly pattern shows the extended rise and recent, partial reversal.
5-year charts for S&P 500 homebuilders
The four home builders in the S&P 500 are a small component of the index. However, many other industries are linked to homebuilding and new home ownership. As a result, homebuilder health is an important indicator of the economy’s condition and consumers’ sentiment. Therefore, the current weakening is one more concern for investors to consider.
When economic uncertainties grow in number and seriousness, as is happening now, pessimism emerges and expands. That growing pessimism narrows investors’ focus to the uncertainties (aka, risks), thereby spreading and strengthening pessimistic attitudes and outlooks. This vicious cycle is how bear markets form and pick up speed.
So. the question is whether a bear market is close. Weakening homebuilder health indicates the probability of a slowdown is growing. If the flood of uncertainties evaporate, conditions could improve. However, the number, type and seriousness of the uncertainties likely means they will be around until the results become visible, likely in the second half of 2025.
Therefore, now is a good time to hold cash reserves to take advantage of opportunities in the future."
6,2025-03-08,"ByTrefis Team

ByTrefis Team
, Contributor. 
DE Stock
Deere (NYSE: DE) has outperformed with 18% gains this year, compared to a 2% decline for the broader S&P 500 index. What explains this strong performance? Deere is currently navigating a cyclical downturn, and investors expect a recovery may be just around the corner.
 
But consider this: How would you feel if Deere stock fell by 30% over the next two months? And what about a drop of 50-70%? This is not fiction—it happened during the 2008/2009 financial crisis and again during the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic and again during the inflation shock of 2022.
There is no denying the rising concerns over macroeconomic uncertainties. The Trump administration’s tariffs will likely result in cheaper goods being removed from the market, leading to higher prices. These factors could potentially thrust the U.S. economy into turbulence or even a recession, as detailed in our macroeconomic analysis. Geopolitical issues add another layer of complexity, with the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and evolving U.S. involvement—including a pending mineral deal and intelligence sharing with Ukraine. [1]
“What does this have to do with Deere?” you might ask. Here is why it matters:
Indeed, Deere’s business has recently struggled due to declining agricultural income, though it is expected to improve this year with federal aid. However, higher interest rates will make it more costly for farmers to finance equipment purchases. If inflation surges again, will the Federal Reserve be ready to cut rates aggressively? We do not believe so. Even with anticipated growth in farm income, the risks from macroeconomic uncertainty and high interest rates do not bode well for Deere.
Furthermore, although China's tariffs on agricultural equipment imports might have minimal impact on Deere given its limited exposure to the Chinese market, U.S. tariffs on metal imports will undoubtedly affect production costs. These increased costs could subsequently lower demand from farmers.
Recently, China announced tariffs on various farm products, which would lead to higher costs and contracting markets for American agricultural goods, thereby creating additional economic challenges for farmers. [2]
  
 Given these challenging circumstances, it seems questionable whether farmers will be willing to invest in new farm equipment in the near term, despite a recent overall decline in input costs.
Certainly, Deere has generated substantial wealth for long-term shareholders. Nonetheless, investors must recognize the company’s vulnerability during economic downturns. The events of 2020 clearly illustrate this risk when Deere’s stock fell by more than 35% within just a few weeks. This historical pattern prompts an important question: could Deere’s current $500 share price potentially fall below $350 if similar market conditions recur? For those seeking growth with reduced single-stock volatility, the High-Quality portfolio offers an alternative, having outperformed the S&P 500 and delivered returns exceeding 91% since its inception.
We observe that DE stock has performed worse than the benchmark S&P 500 index during several recent downturns. Concerned about the effects of a market crash on DE stock? Our dashboard How Low Can Stocks Go During A Market Crash illustrates how key stocks performed during and after the last six market crashes.


It is not that Deere stock is trading at a low valuation due to its recent cyclical downturn. In fact, Deere’s current valuation poses another challenge, as the stock trades at premium multiples of nearly 3.0x last year’s sales and approximately 20x last year’s earnings. These figures exceed the company’s four-year historical averages of 2.3x sales and 16x earnings. Further complicating the investment thesis, Deere faces decelerating growth prospects, with consensus estimates forecasting a revenue decline of 15% and an earnings decline of 25% in 2025.
Given this slowdown in growth and the broader economic uncertainties, ask yourself the question: do you want to hold onto your Deere stock now, or will you panic and sell if it begins to drop to $350, $250, or even lower levels? Holding on to a falling stock is never easy. Trefis collaborates with Empirical Asset Management—a Boston-area wealth manager—whose asset allocation strategies yielded positive returns during the 2008-09 period when the S&P lost more than 40%. Empirical has incorporated the Trefis HQ Portfolio in this asset allocation framework to provide clients with better returns and less risk compared to the benchmark index; less of a roller-coaster ride, as evidenced by HQ Portfolio performance metrics.
DE Return Compared With Trefis Reinforced Portfolio 
Invest with Trefis
Market Beating Portfolios | Rules-Based Wealth
Trump Administration Pauses Intelligence Sharing With Ukraine, Julian E. Barnes, Michael Schwirtz, Eric Schmitt and Adam Entous, March 5, 2025, The New York Times [↩]
American Farmers Brace for Harm From Retaliatory Tariffs, Danielle Kaye, March 4, 2025, The New York Times [↩]
"
7,2025-03-08,"Egg producers have said the soaring prices are due to the avian flu.
The Justice Department is in the early stages of investigating the major egg producers over soaring egg prices, source familiar with the matter told ABC News.
Department investigators are looking into whether the major egg companies are sharing information about supply and pricing, possibly contributing to price increases, the sources said. Egg producers, including the industry's trade association, have said the soaring prices are due to the avian flu.
The investigation is being run out of the Antitrust Division of the Justice Department and won't necessarily lead to any legal action.
Last month, a group of Democratic lawmakers, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., called on the administration to provide specifics on how it plans to lower food prices for families.
""To make food more affordable, you should look to the dominant food and grocery companies that have made record profits on the backs of working families who have had to pay higher prices,"" they wrote in the letter to President Donald Trump. ""These companies often exploit crises like pandemics and avian flu outbreaks as an opportunity to raise prices beyond what is needed to cover rising costs.""
Egg prices have doubled since January 2024 -- and have skyrocketed over the last year. Wholesale shoppers like small businesses were paying over $8 for a dozen eggs last week. The latest Department of Agriculture report released on Friday said the national average wholesale price of eggs had dropped significantly to $6.85 per dozen.
Emily Metz, the president and CEO of American Egg Board, which represents egg producers nationwide, said any suggestion that egg price increases are due to price gouging is a ""misreading of facts and reality.""
""Make no mistake. Egg farmers are price takers, not price makers, on the egg market, and that market is responding to the uncertainty and chaos bird flu is causing,"" she said. ""Eggs are subject to the economic laws of supply and demand. The tight egg supply caused by avian influenza, coupled with 23 consecutive months of high sales volume, has created a perfect storm in egg markets.""
Farm Action, a farm advocacy organization that has publicly called on officials to open an antitrust case, said in a statement on Friday citing sources at DOJ that the agency had started an investigation.
""We applaud the Department of Justice's action to address the skyrocketing price of eggs,"" it said. ""Every American has felt the financial pain caused by the power of the monopolistic egg industry.
""While avian flu is real, it is no excuse for the price being charged at the grocery store for one of the country's staples,"" it added. ""While Farm Action's analysis demonstrates likely antitrust abuses by the dominant egg-producing corporations, the DOJ has the legal authority to take the deep dive into the industry that is required to get to the bottom of this abuse, and they have the power to bring justice on behalf of the American people.""
The egg industry has consolidated over the decades, with Cal-Maine Foods emerging as the largest U.S. egg producer and is one of the few publicly traded companies, having acquired other brands. It has reported rising profits from the rise in egg prices, and its stock has gained about 50% over the past 12 months. The next four largest egg producers are privately held, so their financial data are not public.
Cal-Maine Foods reported in a recent Securities and Exchange Commission filing that the company's gross profits are up 342% through the second quarter of fiscal 2025 versus the previous fiscal year.
During the last spike in bird flu from 2022 to 2023, the company also reported more than tripling its gross profit compared to the prior year. In the company's 2024 annual report, Cal-Maine Foods partially attributed its $3.1 billion in sales and $1.2 billion in profit to the ""significantly higher average egg selling prices.""
""The increases primarily resulted from significantly higher average egg selling prices, primarily due to the reduction in egg supply caused by HPAI and higher grain and other input costs, as some of our egg sales prices are based on formulas related to our costs of production,"" the company disclosed.
However, in 2023, Cal-Maine lost a jury trial and had to pay millions over a price-fixing scheme. Cal-Maine Foods could not be reached for comment.
Even as consumers begin to see the wholesale price of eggs decline, Karyn Rispoli, managing editor of Expana, a firm that surveys and tracks the price of eggs, told ABC News that grocery shoppers may not see that decline reflected in the retail price of eggs as companies and retailers try to recoup some of their losses from the bird flu.
""In the aftermath of [the 2022 outbreak], as the market corrected and came down substantially, retailers were then holding shelf prices higher to try and recapture some of the margin that they had previously forfeited,"" she said.
Warren wrote in a letter to Trump in January that ""egg producers and grocery stores may leverage the current avian flu outbreak as an opportunity to further constrain supply or hike up egg prices to increase profits.
""The country's largest egg producer Cal-Maine reported a significant jump in gross profits between the first and second quarters of fiscal year 2025 while hiking the price of eggs,"" she added.
""Cal-Maine's CEO acknowledged that the company's higher-than-estimated net income for Q2 'reflect[s] higher market prices, which have continued to rise this fiscal year as supply levels of shell eggs have been restricted.' Translation: the egg company and its shareholders are making higher profits while Americans shell out more for grocery staples,"" Warren wrote.
-ABC News' Luke Barr, Peter Charalambous and Michael Pappano contributed to this report.
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events"
8,2025-03-08,"2 / 11
Nvidia (NVDA), Super Micro Computer (SMCI), and Dell (DELL) shares plunged Monday after Singapore said it’s investigating whether servers shipped to Malaysia containing chips barred from China ended up in the mainland. 
Read More
3 / 11
Bitcoin’s notoriously volatile again, shedding $10,000 in a single day as its price tumbled from $93,000 to $83,000. This is all because of President Donald Trump’s proposal to establish a strategic cryptocurrency reserve — a pivot from his earlier stance of exclusively stockpiling Bitcoin. 
Read More
4 / 11
The odds of the economy slowing while inflation stays fast — stagflation — may be increasing as a new survey showed that U.S. employers drastically curtailed their hiring last month to the slowest pace since July. 
Read More
5 / 11
President Donald Trump has announced plans to create a strategic crypto reserve, shifting gears from his earlier promise to stockpile Bitcoin. Trump’s cryptocurrency reserve will consist of Bitcoin, often referred to as “digital gold” for its ability to hedge against inflation, along with Ether, the second-largest cryptocurrency by market cap, XRP, Solana, and Cardano. 
Read More
6 / 11
The S&P 500 took a sharp hit on Tuesday as newly implemented tariffs rattled investors’ confidence and continued a selloff that has now fully erased the market’s gains since the election of President Donald Trump in November. 
Read More
7 / 11
Nvidia (NVDA) stock fell 5.7% on Thursday, bringing its  decline this year to more than 17% amid concerns about declines in spending on AI, amid a general selloff in that took the tech-centered Nasdaq 100 down 2.8%. The wider Composite index fell 2.6%. 
Read More
8 / 11
 President Trump has unveiled a new proposal for a strategic crypto reserve, shifting his focus from a Bitcoin-only reserve to a more diversified approach. His plan involves a reserve comprising Bitcoin — often dubbed “digital gold” for its inflation-hedging properties — alongside Ether, XRP, Solana, and Cardano.
Read More
9 / 11
Servers containing chips barred from China may have been sent there from Singapore via Malaysia
10 / 11
Stagflation may be set for its first real return to the U.S. in about 50 years, as recent economic numbers point to a slowing labor market and continued stickiness in inflation. President Donald Trump’s new tariffs won’t help. 
Read More
11 / 11"
9,2025-03-08,"
Handheld devices have taken the gaming market by storm, ranging from the hulking Steam Decks to retro consoles that relive the glory days of the like of the Nintendo Game Boy. The latter naturally rely on nostalgia as the biggest selling factor, allowing veterans to replay their favorite titles while youngsters discover the simple joys of classic games. Of course, that’s not the only direction the wind blows, and there are plenty of ways to re-imagine those old-school devices.
This concept design, for example, looks like a slightly modern reinterpretation of the Game Boy, but the association is superficial at best. The device is actually inspired more by coin-operated toys and gaming machines like arcades, but rather than paying for more time to play, the design transforms special coins into power-ups that will make the game a little more exciting and maybe even pave the way to victory.
Designers: Yongde Zhu, Yuxiong Dong, Yaoxin Cai







Almost like a slot machine for kids, arcade cabinets and coin-operated machines develop a somewhat addictive habit that keeps pushing players to push one more coin each time. That’s mostly because there’s technically no limit to how many coins you can drop in as long as you have the money and the shops are still open. CoinPlay has a different idea for “coins,” turning them into very limited resources that you have to spend wisely.








The coins are actually small plastic discs that do different things in the game. A blue chip, for example, could restore health or add life, while an orange coin offers a boost to damage and other stats. Red is quite intriguing as it adds a game of luck into any game, randomly dropping gear or loot when inserted. There are only three coins that come with each handheld, so you have to be strategic when you use these extremely limited lifelines.



The design also presents some opportunity for collecting power-ups, almost like in a TCG game, though that can easily be abused as well. More importantly, it adds a bit of a tactile element to an otherwise digital game and opens the door to social interactions through trading these coins.

As for the actual gaming handheld, the design is pretty much on par with concepts we’ve been seeing floating around the web. The area for controls is smaller and simpler, putting the focus on the large display and the coin slot above it. It has an almost industrial aesthetic as if it were something teenage engineering would design. Despite the seemingly segmented structure, CoinPlay isn’t a modular concept and frankly wouldn’t benefit from such a design anyway.



Have you ever noticed how smartphone manufacturers boast about their incredible camera systems, yet the front-facing cameras always seem like an afterthought? While some phones…
I love it when a designer stops taking something for granted. A chair doesn’t HAVE to have four static legs. It could use three, maybe…
Keyboards are no longer just input devices, though some people still see them in this utilitarian light. For many computer users, it’s just as much…
Nay! It’s a battery charger. More importantly its a jump rope. Just fill the handles up with some rechargeable batteries, close the caps, click the…
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1777279053/tacs-automatic-vintage-lens Here’s an interesting study I came across recently. The sudden boom of the selfie culture has actually conditioned some humans into smiling every time…
The coffee lifestyle is always one of excess. You buy a French press and you realize you want a Moka pot. You buy a Moka…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
10,2025-03-08,"Apple announced the Mac Studio and Studio Display three years ago today.
The ‌Mac Studio‌ and Studio Display were unveiled as the final major announcements of Apple's ""Peek Performance"" event. Apple CEO Tim Cook introduced them as a completely new Mac product category and a powerful new display designed for creative professionals.
The ‌Mac Studio‌ is positioned between the Mac mini and the Mac Pro. The first model featured the M1 Max or the newly introduced M1 Ultra chip, offering the best performance of any Mac at the time. The base ‌M1 Max‌ model started at $1,999, while the ‌M1 Ultra‌ variant began at $3,999. Fully configured, the ‌M1 Ultra‌ model could exceed $8,000. Many saw the ‌Mac Studio‌ and Studio Display as the spiritual successor to the 27-inch iMac, which was discontinued on the same day as the ‌Mac Studio‌'s launch.
In June 2023, during the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), Apple announced M2 Max and ‌M2‌ Ultra chip options for the ‌Mac Studio‌. Enhancements included support for up to six 6K monitors and improved connectivity options, such as Bluetooth 5.3 and Wi-Fi 6E.   
Earlier this week, Apple introduced the latest iteration of the ‌Mac Studio‌, now featuring the M4 Max and M3 Ultra chips. The M4 Max offers a 16-core CPU and up to a 40-core GPU, starting with 36GB of RAM, while the M3 Ultra boasts a 32-core CPU and up to an 80-core GPU, with configurations supporting up to 512GB of RAM. Both models include Thunderbolt 5 ports.
The Studio Display marked Apple's reentry into the consumer display market after more than a decade of absence. Prior to its release, Apple only offered one high-end professional monitor in the form of 2019's Pro Display XDR, which was aimed at a niche audience with a price tag of $4,999, without a stand. The Studio Display introduced a more accessible option for the wider range of users looking for a high-quality, premium external monitor that works well with Apple devices.
Rumors suggest that Apple is developing a new Studio Display model with mini-LED backlighting, expected to be released later in 2025 or early 2026. 
Get weekly top MacRumors stories in your inbox.
New visual intelligence features for iPhone 16 models, tweaks for notification summaries, and more.
Apple Intelligence is what Apple is calling its artificial intelligence feature set, previewed at WWDC in June 2024. Here's everything we know.
Image Playground is Apple's dedicated image creation app that can build cartoon-like pictures based on text descriptions.

If you're experiencing issues with iPhone Mirroring, follow these steps to get it working again.
Apple's annual developer conference where it will unveil iOS 19, macOS 16, and more.
Biggest design overhaul since iOS 7, new Apple Intelligence features, and more.
New M4-generation chips and additional upgrades.
Apple's next-generation iPhone models with a new ""Air"" or ""Slim"" model replacing the current Plus model.
9 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
18 hours ago by Tim Hardwick
18 hours ago by Tim Hardwick
18 hours ago by Tim Hardwick
18 hours ago by Tim Hardwick
 
MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and other Apple platforms."
11,2025-03-08,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
12,2025-03-08,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
13,2025-03-08,"by Calculated Risk on 3/08/2025 02:11:00 PM

At the Calculated Risk Real Estate Newsletter this week:

Click on graph for larger image.

• ICE Mortgage Monitor: Property Insurance Costs Rose at a Record Rate in 2024

• Fannie and Freddie: Single Family Serious Delinquency Rates Increased in January

• 1st Look at Local Housing Markets in February

• Asking Rents Mostly Unchanged Year-over-year

• Final Look at Local Housing Markets in January and a Look Ahead to February Sales

This is usually published 4 to 6 times a week and provides more in-depth analysis of the housing market.

"
14,2025-03-08,"""Trump may be the best thing to happen to Starmer,"" says a diplomat, suggesting the brash property tycoon busy upending the world order might be just what the strait-laced prime minister - who's been dragging in the polls - needs.
One of Labour's business backers calls it ""the PM's finest hour"" - a Remainer leader putting Britain at the heart of international action as Trump rattles the Western world's cage. 
Sir Keir Starmer has certainly been incredibly visible – in the White House, leading a European summit at Lancaster House last weekend, hugging Zelensky, plotting a peacekeeping path with Macron.
It's hard for the Conservatives and other opponents to compete with the prime minister's international moves dominating the news.
Moments of crisis like the one we're living through are often when the public tunes into politics and looks to their leaders. With a shaky global situation, does No 10 look more solid than before?
Some of his colleagues are certain. One government source tells me all the international activity is ""almost Blair-esque"", or even a moment like Thatcher and the Falklands which enabled the 80s Conservative prime minister to burnish her reputation and win successive election victories.
Another minister suggests other leaders ""get their knickers in a twist"" publicly reacting to Trump's unpredictable comments and actions - ""but Keir has spent his whole career dealing with extreme circumstances. What he is able to do is get people to focus on the things that really matter.""
But impressive-looking diplomacy doesn't mean the UK is getting what it wants – missiles are still falling, overnight again in Donetsk and Kharkhiv. Donald Trump's commitment to guaranteeing Ukraine's security, even NATO's future, is shaky too.
So let's take a calm look. Polling suggests there has been a nudge upwards for Sir Keir's personal ratings and for Labour, after a dreadful start in office and a steep, fast drop in the polls.
His government would not be the first to be swept away by the intensity and glamour of global diplomacy which, however difficult or worthy, doesn't necessarily translate into significant brownie points at home.
Perhaps in these wild times, we're seeing the prime minister carve out a role as ""reassurer in chief"". In political circles it's long been common to find criticisms of Sir Keir Starmer for, frankly, being a bit dull, and not willing to play the minute-by-minute political game. But with Trump in the White House stoking drama the PM's colleagues believe his steadiness has become an asset.
And he's shown willingness to take action – increasing defence spending, albeit after months of pressure, getting European leaders together and drawing up military plans for after a peace deal. A senior government source says: ""The global crisis means people looking at us again, and the government has been making an argument that people are responding to: that we have got their backs.""
But aligning yourself with an American president doesn't always work out. Tony Blair's chinos weren't the only thing that became uncomfortable about his relationship with George W Bush.
So while there's evidence the public are looking at Sir Keir a touch more favourably since his White House trip, as one union leader warns, ""for it to count he has to show the same mojo at home"".
Take the row over sentencing this week. Or forthcoming arguments over cutting welfare, which ministers have been falling over themselves to soften the ground for.
But overshadowing everything, priority number one: the grisly state of the economy and getting it to grow.
In around a fortnight Rachel Reeves will be on her feet in Parliament, probably announcing cuts to public spending running to billions. Government sources point to some better statistics on wages, and cuts to interest rates, but Reeves is under enormous pressure to explain how the economy is going to escape the doldrums it has been stuck in for ages.
All the Kodak moments, and grip and grins with international leaders in the world won't change that. The PM ""can walk and talk at the same"" time, one ally says. But there are, they acknowledge, ""only so many hours in the day"".
Helping Ukraine against Putin's Russia has a clear moral story the prime minister finds easy to tell, and compelling to try to shape. In contrast, ""how do you bring prosperity to the regions? That's a real puzzle.""
In the next few days, starting with the PM's right-hand man Pat McFadden in the studio tomorrow, you will see the government try to kick up the pace of what is happening at home. First up - perhaps not a box-office hit - they'll be looking at making the Whitehall machine work better, including making it easier to get rid of civil servants.
Ministers tell me Downing Street is being run more effectively than before Christmas and has a clearer sense of direction, after early embarrassment over being far less prepared than promised.
Sir Keir chairs regular meetings with individual cabinet ministers in charge of the government's ""missions"". I'm told he ""cross-examines"" them and their officials - and if their answers aren't up to snuff, they get called in for another meeting. ""He is a very nice man, but he is a hard man too,"" one of them confides.
As well as slimming down parts of the civil service, there'll be more on the government's plans to cut billions off the welfare bill. Labour will argue it's for good reason, to help people stuck on benefits - while critics will say it's a way for the government to save money off the backs of some of the most vulnerable people in the country.
On Thursday, the prime minister is expected to make his own speech in an attempt to weave it all together into a grand narrative about safety abroad and at home. One government source said the last few weeks had galvanised Sir Keir's thinking on this: when things are uncertain on the international stage, ""everything feels a bit wobbly"" and domestic security is amplified: you look around and feel your job isn't secure, your street isn't safe.
This thinking has been a long time coming. ""Security"" was a word and concept used by Reeves and Sir Keir in opposition - but recently he's been making a more ideological argument than those close to him are used to hearing.
As well as making the case that what happens around the world is inextricably linked to what happens at home, he holds that the old international consensus among Western leaders has failed for millions of voters.
That argument was crystallised into a long memo he sent to his cabinet ministers and political team in the middle of February. In it he wrote: ""The government's challenge was to shape this new era. Not to defend institutions that are broken or old ideas that have failed, but to be the voice of working people who more than anything want security in their lives, and a country that is on the up again.""
He wrote that politicians were wrong to think markets had solutions for almost everything. ""We were cowed by the market - we came to act as if it always knew best and the state should sit it out.""
He also said governments had failed on immigration, failed to understand the public's concerns and also - to tell the truth. ""We ended up treating all immigration as an untrammelled good. Somehow, politics ended up being too scared to say what is obvious - that some people are genuine refugees and some aren't; that people coming here to work can be a positive, but that an island nation needs to control its borders.""
Some extracts from the letter have been revealed before. But what is notable, reading the whole document, is the prime minister closes his letter to colleagues with a call to provide ""security"" for the country, alongside renewing public services. He writes: ""Now is our moment to be bigger and bolder - to put pedal on metal on wholescale reform and change our politics and our country. Security and renewal are our twin tasks - we must now deliver them.""
You'll hear more of that argument from ministers in the coming days - we had a glimpse of it in the studio last Sunday morning too.
The profound uncertainty Donald Trump's arrival in the White House has given the prime minister a moment to step into the spotlight on the world stage.
And his government is now much more overtly weaving an argument that working to establish security round the world is fundamentally connected to sorting out security at home.
There is a reason why, fresh from all the diplomatic handshakes, Sir Keir was back in the more familiar hi-vis and hard hat announcing defence jobs in Belfast.
No 10 wants you to see and believe that crisis abroad can mean opportunity at home. This spasm in global security has given a prime minister sometimes accused of being a blank page a clearer story to tell.
But in the end, for any prime minister, it is what happens on home turf, not foreign adventures that matter the most. A sceptical public will take a lot of convincing to believe government can improve their situation – make it easier to manage the bills, buy a house, or for their kids to find a decent job.
As as a senior figure in the Labour movement concludes, ""he likes the statesman role but the bottom line is, change in people's lives will be the decider.""
Sign up for the Off Air with Laura K newsletter to get Laura Kuenssberg's expert insight and insider stories every week, emailed directly to you.
BBC InDepth is the home on the website and app for the best analysis, with fresh perspectives that challenge assumptions and deep reporting on the biggest issues of the day. And we showcase thought-provoking content from across BBC Sounds and iPlayer too. You can send us your feedback on the InDepth section by clicking on the button below.
No change to the Bank rate is expected when policymakers make their announcement at noon.
The prime minister pays a rare visit to the crew of HMS Vanguard, as the submarine returns to UK waters after more than 200 days of patrol.
The 51-year-old was injured in a blast which killed a UN worker, the charity he works for says.
The University of Pennsylvania says it has not been told of the plan to block $175m in federal funding. 
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
15,2025-03-08,
16,2025-03-08,"Google's push for better Android updates is even more important than its push for more AI.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Google didn't have any major announcements at MWC 2025, but the company is still very much present. There's a bit of Google in just about every corner at the show, but in the midst of all the excitement on the show floor, I was able to sit with Seang Chau, VP and GM of Android Platform, to discuss what to look forward to in 2025. And while AI underscored nearly everything on the docket, we also dove into Android 16's accelerated timeline and the plan to improve update support across OEMs.
Improving Android updates across the board seems to be a major focal point for the company this year, from improving the timing of device launches to making it easier for OEMs to support software longer than they traditionally have. And while this may not be as exciting as new Gemini features, getting everyone on the same page with Android updates is just as important, if not more so.

When the Android 16 Developer preview commenced, Google announced that it was making a major change to its schedule. Instead of following its usual launch timing, the stable update would launch sooner, specifically in Q2. This means we can expect the update to arrive by June at the latest, putting it months ahead of previous releases.
When I asked Chau about the accelerated timeline, he said there are multiple reasons why Android 16 is coming so much sooner.
""The first is, we're getting feedback from our OEM partners that 'Hey, the earlier you can release, the more likely we can push new [software] when we launch a new handset in that same year.'
Because if you look at some of the biggest releases during the year, if we're releasing a new Android version in August or September, it's really hard to release a phone that same year with the latest release, and then you have to wait however many months before you get the latest Android release.""
This was especially true last year when the Pixel 9 launched in August last year without the latest Android release. Even though the phones arrived a bit earlier compared to the previous release, many found it strange that Google waited until after they were released to push Android 15.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
Many flagship or sub-flagship launches happen in the second half of the year, which made the timing of previous Android releases tricky. Samsung is one of those companies that launch new phones in July or August, which means they usually come with last year's software before the company launches a beta and eventually the stable version later in the year, usually starting in Q4.
With Android 16 set to arrive much sooner, this should help companies avoid that awkward launch window after a new update has been released. That means the Pixel 10 should come with Android 16 out of the box. The new schedule means new phones from other OEMs can get the new software and hopefully be updated sooner.

Chau also notes that another reason the company moved up the Android 16 update is because the company ""wanted to be able to move faster with respect to APIs."" And while the move is partially AI-driven, he says that, ultimately, it just makes sense.
""As quickly as the market is moving, and as quickly as our developers need to be able to move in order to build new functionality, especially around AI, we need to make sure that we can add that capability and those APIs multiple times a year.
So, in order to do that, it didn't make sense to release something in August or September, and then, like, a couple months later put out another release with an API update.""

Updating a phone is one thing, but it's another thing to continue pushing updates for a phone for years after the device is launched. The Pixel made the first major push for extended update support, promising seven years of OS upgrades and security updates. Samsung then followed suit with its flagship Galaxy phones.
But that kind of support hasn't been common in the Android space, and it definitely takes a lot of resources to provide it. This is why the recent announcement from Qualcomm and Google is such a big deal, making it easier for OEMs to support their devices for up to eight years. That said, while we've seen Honor join the seven-year club, it's ultimately up to OEMs if they want to bring that level of support to devices. Chau says he hopes the move will encourage more OEMs to follow.
""One of the driving factors around this is sustainability, of course, but really, it's so that you can keep your devices longer. And if you decide to pass that device down or return it, you're able to retain more [secondary market] value."" Chau says the hope is that longer support for devices will help drive more adoption of Android phones, with consumers knowing their devices will remain secure for years to come.
In fact, this is partially what drove some long-term Pixel users that I know to upgrade from their Pixel 2 and Pixel 3 devices after support ended for them. Though they were intrigued by the affordable Pixel 6a, they eventually pulled the trigger when the Pixel 7 launched with improved update support (which has since been extended by another two years), especially since they were not planning to upgrade again for a while.

Google's Pixel phones have arguably the best software update policy, and now, that level of support can be extended to other devices, although it wasn't without its challenges.
""One of the biggest barriers was SoC support,"" Chau notes, highlighting that the transition to Tensor SoC helped bring that level of commitment to Pixel phones.
""One of the challenges, of course, is Linux as the underlying operating system. The long-term support period for different versions of Linux kernels was actually shortened. So, we had to work with the SoC vendors and our partners to make sure that we could actually upgrade the kernel."" He notes that this has been very difficult in the past, which highlights the importance of this new collaboration with Qualcomm.
For now, the eight years of support is supported on the new Snapdragon 8 Elite, which powers today's best Android phones. However, this will also extend to future 8-series chips as well as future 7-series chips, which are expected later this year.
What's more, Qualcomm notes that this support can lower costs for OEMs interested in adding extended software support for their phones. As someone who loves Motorola phones, I hope this means the company can will add better (and faster) support to its newer devices.

With Android 16 still in beta, Chau wasn't able to talk about what we can expect from the stable update later this year, but he did note that despite some of the rhetoric around extended update support, Google is focused on making each update better than the last and making things more efficient.
""We've promised seven years of updates on Pixel, and we worked with Qualcomm to get to eight years. I see a lot of sentiment, shall we say, like 'Who cares about eight years because it's going to make it worse' and all these other things. We're really working hard to make sure that that's not the case.
Every release, we want to make sure it is better than the last one, including performance, battery life, etc.""
Chau recognizes that some features will require more power, which is par for the course when it comes to updates. We recently saw this in action with the Galaxy S25 series, which has features that require the new Snapdragon 8 Elite for AI processing, which aren't available on previous models. It's also just as common with Pixels due to more powerful chips being able to handle more power-hungry tasks.
Still, Chau says Google tries to offset this by finding gains elsewhere, which can sometimes mean a bump in performance when a new update rolls around, even if a feature or two are sacrificed due to a lack of power.
Ultimately, the question becomes, ""How do we make the releases better so that we're not making your phone worse?""
Fortunately, with the new Android 16 release schedule and a promise to help OEMs update their phones longer (and hopefully faster), 2025 is shaping up to be a pivotal moment for Android updates.
Derrek is the managing editor of Android Central, helping to guide the site's editorial content and direction to reach and resonate with readers, old and new, who are just as passionate about tech as we are. He's been obsessed with mobile technology since he was 12, when he discovered the Nokia N90, and his love of flip phones and new form factors continues to this day. As a fitness enthusiast, he has always been curious about the intersection of tech and fitness. When he's not working, he's probably working out.
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.
Android 16's Vulkan standard is great, but ADPF might be the real miracle
Play Store update 'bugs' several Android users with recurring notifications
Gemini is taking over Chromebooks, leaving Google Assistant in the dust

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
17,2025-03-08,"Dominari Holdings insiders, as well as Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump, acquired 1 million shares through a private placement and bonuses just before the stock surged on news of the Trumps joining its advisory board, filings show—timing that experts say likely does not violate insider trading laws but raises questions about whether directors acted in the company’s best interests by selling the shares cheaply to themselves.
Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump smile during the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee in July ... [+] 2024. Photographer: Hannah Beier/Bloomberg
On Feb. 10, the CEO, COO, president and four other members of the board of directors at Dominari Holdings Inc.—a Nasdaq-listed firm specializing in wealth management, investment banking, sales and trading, asset management and capital investment—purchased a total of 664,000 shares from the company via a private placement, paying $3.47 per share, according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings.
Each share was bundled with two warrants, allowing the insiders to buy additional shares at $3.72 and $4.22 a share over the next five years.
Also on Feb. 10, the company awarded six insiders (five of whom also participated in the private placement) 402,000 shares as bonuses.
The next day, an hour before the stock market opened, Dominari Holdings announced Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump had joined its advisory board and had already purchased an undisclosed number of shares in the private sale—news that sent shares to a 52-week high of $11.33 that day and a peak of $13.58 two days later.
Filings the Trumps made with the SEC on Feb. 24 filled in some details about their stakes: they each own 966,000 shares in the company—6.7% of its outstanding shares—and hold warrants to obtain another 432,000 shares.
Donald Trump Jr., Eric Trump and Dominari Holdings’ CEO, COO, president, board members who participated in the private placement and spokespeople did not respond to inquiries.
Probably not. “As a general rule, if a company sells stock directly to someone (private placement), where the buyer knows all material facts regarding the company, there is no insider trading violation or other securities fraud,” Allan Horwich, a law professor at Northwestern University with more than four decades of experience in securities litigation, told Forbes. “If there is no open market trading, e.g., where someone not aware of the information might have been harmed because he traded without that information, then there is no insider trading violation or other securities fraud.”
“Irrespective of the securities laws, if a company sells stock too cheaply there could be a breach of a fiduciary duty to the selling company by the directors who approved the sale,” Horwich said. “In that event, where the company arguably was damaged, the company is not going to sue its own misbehaving directors. For any relief, a stockholder would have to seek to pursue a derivative claim on behalf of the company against directors for breaching a duty which damaged the company—selling stock too cheaply.” Dominari Holdings’ small market cap, though, may make it an unattractive target for plaintiffs’ attorneys.
Also, future SEC filings could shed light on the Trumps’ holdings and reveal if any insiders took advantage of the Trump bump to sell their shares. So far, none have reported doing so, though they may be temporarily restricted from selling. “There are various regulations that would prevent the directors from re-selling the private placement stock for at least six months,” said James Park, a law professor at UCLA who focuses on securities regulations. “It’s also possible that under the sale they committed to holding the shares longer than six months. That would reduce but not eliminate the risk of unjust enrichment because they cannot flip the shares immediately to take advantage of the market reaction to the announcement.”
“The announcement [of the Trump’s involvement with the company] right after [the private placement] is unusual. The insiders providing financing is not unusual at all,” said Adam Pritchard, a professor at the University of Michigan who specializes in corporate and securities law. “Private placements are faster and cheaper. And so most money is raised through private placements, not public offerings. And you’ve got a limited pool of people who are willing to invest in private placements, and the insiders are very commonly going to be part of that. Now, the optics of having this disclosure simultaneously with announcing the private placement, that’s unusual.”
The Trumps’ SEC filings don’t disclose when they started acquiring shares in the company, how they obtained all of their shares (whether through purchases on the public markets, private placements or awards for joining the advisory board) or the price they paid. The brothers did purchase at least some of the shares in a private sale though, according to a company press release.
It seems likely that Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump received shares in conjunction with their roles on the advisory board. According to the template for an advisory board agreement that Dominari Holdings filed with the SEC on Feb. 12, members are compensated with an unspecified number of shares upon joining the board, as well as additional shares if the company’s market capitalization reaches $50 million, $100 million and $150 million. Given that the company’s market cap surpassed $50 million and $100 million in February following the Trump announcement, the brothers likely received additional shares at that time.
There’s little public record of Dominari Holdings’ advisory board before the announcement that Trumps had joined it.
Trading volume for Dominari Holding soared ahead of the February announcement that the Trumps had taken stakes in the company and joined its advisory board—an increase that some securities law experts called “suspicious.”
$747,000: What Dominari Holdings appears to pay the Trump Organization in annual rent for its headquarters in Trump Tower, reported independent journalist Wendy Siegelman, citing SEC filings.
In November 2024, Forbes estimated Donald Trump Jr.’s net worth at $50 million, while valuing Eric Trump at approximately $40 million.
Trump’s Sons Invest In AI Data Centers After He Touts Billions In Industry Expansion (Forbes)
Trump Media Paid Donald Trump Jr. Nearly A Quarter Of Its Annual Revenue. He Attended Just Two Board Meetings (Forbes)
Donald Trump Jr. And Eric Trump Deny Involvement With Fraudulent Statements In Testimony—Though Evidence Suggests Otherwise (Forbes)
How Donald Trump Shifted Kids-Cancer Charity Money Into His Business (Forbes)
After Promising Not To Talk Business With Father, Eric Trump Says He'll Give Him Financial Reports (Forbes)

One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
18,2025-03-08,"""Siri, say hello to Gemini""

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Google is reportedly set to launch Pixel Sense along with the Pixel 10 later this year as a Pixel-only exclusive AI assistant. However, I'd go so far as to say that there is one company Google should license its technology, and it's not Samsung.
Despite releasing the first phone with an on-device assistant, Apple sat back and watched as Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa quickly surpassed Siri. While minor tweaks and ""improvements"" have been made over the years, Siri isn't anywhere near as reliable or valuable as Assistant and now Gemini. It reached a tipping point with iOS 18, as Apple announced it would be partnering with OpenAI to bring an enhanced version of Siri.
In addition to providing easy access to ChatGPT, Apple also stated that Siri would offer Personalized Responses and On-Screen Awareness. Those features were already supposed to have been available, but Apple continues to struggle to get them out of the gate. Not only that, the ""real"" Siri upgrade might not be released for at least another year, if not longer.
It might not be until 2027 before Apple releases the Siri overhaul that the iPhone needs. 
This version of Siri is expected to be more akin to what we have with Google Gemini on Android. It's expected to be more conversational, along with actually performing tasks the same way that Gemini, ChatGPT, Claude, and other LLM models do. Mark Gurman of Bloomberg reports that this is initially expected to debut at WWDC 2025 before being rolled out this time next year.
Meanwhile, a rumor recently surfaced claiming that Google would introduce an all-new AI assistant named 'Pixel Sense,' which would essentially be the all-encompassing digital assistant that we've been waiting for. Instead of relying on different apps or ""Gemini Gems,"" Pixel Sense is expected to leverage and process any of the user data that it's allowed to collect.

Given Apple's consistent struggles and delays in developing its own AI, Google CEO Sundar Pichai might want to consider calling up Apple CEO Tim Cook and saying, ""Hey, we can help you with that."" It's not like Google isn't already helping out, as Apple's Visual Intelligence already leans on Google for its results, basically implementing Google Lens with Apple's UI.
I'm not suggesting this just because I use an iPhone. If I want the best, I just reach into my other pocket and grab my Android phone. I think Google would be well-served to try and get this in front of as many people as it can.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android

Google is constantly talking about how it wants to continue improving Gemini and AI. It's partially why the Galaxy S25 series is packed with so many Gemini-powered features while other features make their way to the broader Android market. However, if Google wants to make the biggest impact, serving up Gemini on the iPhone is the best way I can think of.
It's not like iOS doesn't already have the foundation to make something like this possible. With iOS 18, Apple added ""Extensions,"" which is how you are able to access ChatGPT when asking Siri a question that it can't answer. So, it's not entirely inconceivable that we could see a similar implementation.
As it currently stands, there's a dedicated Gemini app on the Apple App Store after it was initially integrated into the Google app. There was even a recent update that introduced Gemini lock screen widgets, making it even easier for you to talk to Gemini. However, even a lock screen widget won't be enough for some, as you might not think about it when you're in a hurry or prefer using the Side Button to invoke Siri.

Google is expected to launch this new AI as a ""Pixel 10 exclusive."" And while I understand the desire to keep features tied to specific devices for a period of time, Google could still choose to expand it beyond the Pixel and Android ecosystem.
Barring any hiccups, we could see the Pixel 10 launched in August, with the iPhone 17 landing in September. That gives Google about a month of exclusivity for Pixel Sense before the two companies make some type of surprise announcement. Or instead of making Pixel Sense available on launch day for the iPhone, wait a month or two (probably after the holiday shopping rush) and release it as part of Apple's pre-Christmas/New Year break iOS update.
Then again, maybe the reason why we don't have a Gemini extension for iOS already is because it could likely spell the end of the Pixel line. What's the point in buying a Pixel if you can get the same experience on an iPhone?
Andrew Myrick is a Senior Editor at Android Central. He enjoys everything to do with technology, including tablets, smartphones, and everything in between. Perhaps his favorite past-time is collecting different headphones, even if they all end up in the same drawer.
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.
Here's why the Google Pixel 9a ditched the camera bar
Google Pixel 9a vs. Pixel 8a: More than a facelift
Pixel 9a arrives with a fresh new look, packs tons of AI features, and a massive battery life

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
19,2025-03-08,"Market swings come and go, but at the end of the day, individual stocks rise and fall based on their own fundamentals. Savvy investors know that tuning out..."
20,2025-03-08,"Business Insider Edition 
Vivian Hoffman founded the women's boutique chain Whim in 2017, which has five locations in New York and Connecticut, along with an e-commerce site under the name Whimlove. Most of Whim's merchandise retails for under $100. Hoffman previously served as senior merchant at Century 21 and has been in the retail industry for nearly 50 years.

Her business is affected by President Donald Trump's changing tariff policy on goods from Canada, Mexico, and China — and potential retaliatory tariffs.


This interview has been edited for length and clarity.


        With the tariffs, we're just being extremely careful right now. It's hard to know exactly what's happening. I think it also depends how the other countries are going to react and then how we react back.
    

        We are buying a lot less and being very careful because we don't know how everything is going to impact not only the prices we're getting but also consumer attitudes and consumers wanting to shop.
    

        We don't really know what our price increases are going to be right now, and I think we're very fearful of it. Every day, it seems like a new thing. Every day, it's a new country, or it's maybe a different percentage, or it's on these goods and not these goods, or it's starting tomorrow and it's not starting.
    

Do you have a story to share about how your business is navigating tariff policy? Contact this reporter at nsheidlower@businessinsider.com.


        A good percentage of the vendors I buy from import from China, but I also buy a lot of denim. A lot of the denim vendors manufacture in Mexico. We buy less from Canada, but we do deal with some vendors from Canada, too. We get some sweaters and coats from Canada.
    

        There aren't really good alternatives. Directly for me as a retailer, maybe I could go to buy from just American made brands, but in my market, there's not a lot of them. To be perfectly honest, the ones that I do know of are a lot more expensive than the price point we're at right now. When we can buy from American vendors, we are doing that. But there aren't a lot of American-made sweater companies.
    

        Our vendors are moving their productions. I hear them moving all over the place, whether it's South America, Portugal, or Bangladesh. I've heard so many different countries. But I know in Mexico, a lot of people have been making jeans there, so I don't know if my vendors are planning on moving. Maybe the vendors are more directly impacted this second than the retailers because we have a month or two until it gets directly to us.
    

        We have to stay ahead of this. Our mission is to try to keep our prices low. So the last thing I want to do is increase my prices, but we may have to. I'm sure we may have to pass on some of the price increases, but we're going to work as hard as we can to try to get the best prices possible so we don't have to do too much of that.
    

        We're looking at, of course, cost cutting, like everyone else. We don't want it to affect any of our employees, so we're looking at where else we can cut costs. But there's not a lot of places. There's a little bit of maybe on our software or hardware or our insurance, but not a whole lot.
    

        I've been through tough business experiences. I worked for a chain that had a store at Ground Zero during 9/11, and I maneuvered through that, but that was very hard. Then, I opened my third store a week before all three of my stores got closed down for COVID, and I managed through that.
    

        I feel like I had to take it week by week, day by day, and I feel that way with the tariffs right now. I'm trying not to react too much. I'm trying to be smart and try to get ahead of it. The key thing for me is to try to stay nimble so I can change as things change and try to stay maybe less committed than I usually am for merchandise.
    

        Maybe when things seem to settle down a little, that may change where I want to buy from, who I want to buy from. I have not really seen a lot of price increases yet, but that's because my vendors are just starting production now, and it takes months to get to me.
    

        I think it's very scary because business, in general, is terrible everywhere. I went to a restaurant last night, and the owner was telling me how empty the restaurant's been. I think there's so much fear out there.
    

        I was at a big clothing show in Las Vegas around three weeks ago, and I was hearing a lot of complaints from the vendors that the traffic was way down. A lot of merchants weren't traveling because they were afraid to spend the money to go to the shows because they don't know what's going to happen with the tariffs and the economy.
    

        I also heard of all the retailers at the show that they were not writing a lot of orders. They were writing a lot less than they generally do. People say to me that business is always awful in January and February, but when retailers say business is awful in January and February, they're comparing it to the prior years.
    

        Even in a bad economy, at least for me, I want to do with my own store is just to curate the best possible selection. If I don't have control over some of the pricing, at least I have control over the selection.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
21,2025-03-08,"Devina Mehra, Founder & CMD of First Global has emphasized the importance of maintaining a large and steady portfolio rather than investing in small and micro caps. In an interaction with ETNow, she noted that market corrections are normal, with smallcaps being highly volatile.She stated how her advice has remained unchanged despite market corrections and that, according to her, smallcap movements are always dramatic, and when they fall, they fall like a stone. She advised investors not to expect past market leaders to perform well in the next bull run. Instead, she recommended taking losses where necessary and reinvesting in stronger stocks, stating that the market has no interest in an investor’s purchase price. 
Devina Mehra believes that this is the time to be invested in equity as part of a well-diversified portfolio. She pointed out that large caps do not have a significant downside risk at this stage. She warned that the real risk in waiting is missing out on a potential market up move. She emphasized that the best market days typically occur when fear and uncertainty are high. According to her, sentiment acts as a contraindicator, meaning that periods of fear and anxiety often lead to higher-than-normal returns.
Mehra identified IT, pharma, and auto components as sectors where she remains overweight. She mentioned that in recent portfolio rebalancing, she has selectively added FMCG stocks. While she is not sure whether FMCG will become an overweight sector, she acknowledged that it is gaining strength. On the other hand, she is still not optimistic about the paints and real estate sectors. She also mentioned that her portfolio has selectively added some chemical stocks and a few banking stocks as part of recent adjustments.
According to Mehra, India’s exposure to tariff risks, particularly from Trump’s policies, is limited. She pointed out that India is not a major exporter overall, and even in pharma, where tariffs have been discussed, the country plays a crucial role as a low-cost drug supplier to the US. She expressed confidence in the resilience of IT and pharma sectors, highlighting that her portfolio is overweight in these areas. She also raised concerns about US market instability, noting issues such as inflation, declining consumer confidence, and political uncertainty.
Mehra suggested that the US market’s long period of outperformance may be coming to an end. She believes that global investors may now start seeking opportunities outside the US, including in emerging markets such as India. However, she cautioned against assuming that foreign institutional investor (FII) movements directly dictate Indian market trends. She pointed out that historical data does not support the assumption that FII inflows always push markets higher or that outflows necessarily drive markets lower.(Disclaimer: Recommendations, suggestions, views and opinions given by the experts are their own. These do not represent the views of The Economic Times)
US strikes Houthi targets in Yemeni capital, Sanaa
Yemen attacks Israel amid tensions with Iran-backed Houthis
Fed Chief Powell says uncertainty is unusually elevated today
WH Press Secy rips into 'far-left' judges over deportation case
Stock Radar: Buy Hindustan Aeronautics; target Rs 3750
Russia, Ukraine exchange 372 POWs after Trump-Putin call
‘US will sink if…’: Musk’s dire warning over govt waste
Nvidia unveils Star Wars-inspired AI robot ‘Blue'
Trump slams Canada amid tariff war, calls it 'nasty nation'
Vi’s 5G Gamble & LG’s Rs 15,000 cr IPO
Houthis fire ballistic missile at Israel amid US strikes
‘Whether we like it or not…’
Russia issues ultimatum to Israel
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Definitions
Top Commodities
Top Market Pages
Latest News
Follow us on:
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed"
22,2025-03-08,"ByDave Birnbaum

ByDave Birnbaum
, Contributor. 
Women are key players in the bitcoin revolution.
As of this week we find ourselves participating in a new economy that is at least partially underwritten by bitcoin. To mark International Women’s Day, I was curious to explore the evidence for how women in bitcoin are helping drive adoption of bitcoin in the U.S. and beyond. Below are some examples of how women are elevating their financial influence and the ways that bitcoin naturally fits into that story. I also caught up with a few of the women who work in the bitcoin industry and were kind enough to share their thoughts.
Historically, popular culture often portrayed men as the family financiers while women managed daily household tasks. Yet modern surveys refute that outdated model. A recent study revealed that about 84% of women say they are responsible for their family’s finances, from paying bills to setting up budgets to managing savings and debt obligations. Perhaps an even more remarkable figure is that almost all women in couples (94%) report being actively involved in shaping household financial decisions.
This data underscores that many women are effectively acting as Chief Financial Officers for their families, drawing on an array of skills: budgeting, strategic planning, and long-term goal setting. From a macro perspective, when women hold the reins of household money management, they are more likely to research emerging financial tools, seek out growth assets, and balance risk with the objective of stable wealth creation.
The same dynamism that propels women into leading family finances is manifesting in broader capital markets. Just a few decades ago, popular commentary portrayed the stock market as male-dominated territory. Contemporary data shows a different picture: nearly 60% of U.S. women invest in stocks, and a significant percentage identify as the primary decision-makers for investments.
What’s more, women control about one-third of U.S. financial assets overall, indicating they hold substantial influence in shaping financial strategies on both a micro (household) and macro (wealth-building) level. This upward trend is part of an ongoing shift in how households and families distribute tasks involving money and investments. Anecdotal evidence and formal studies alike point out that women, on average, may achieve higher returns by sticking to disciplined strategies, trading less frequently and focusing on fundamentals.
The idea that female investors often excel is well-substantiated. In one analysis, women outperformed men by an average of 1.8% annually. This may stem from a tendency toward longer-term thinking and lower-risk trading behaviors. The data challenges the narrative that successful investment strategies demand high-frequency trades or constant market watching. The approach many women adopt — methodical, patient, and intentional — can yield better outcomes, particularly when we consider the reality that impatience and speculation often damage portfolios more than they help.
This is a natural fit with bitcoin, which advances an ethos of low-time preference. Although volatile in the short term, bitcoin’s purchasing power tends to appreciate significantly when it is held for five years or more. It’s logical that women would apply the same measured, strategic mindset that use when investing in traditional assets to an emerging form of money like bitcoin.
The ability to budget, plan, and invest for the long haul makes women naturally equipped to explore alternative asset classes. There is a crucial distinction to be made: bitcoin stands apart from the wide array of so-called “crypto tokens.” Bitcoin’s design and infrastructure differ from platforms that aim to replicate some of its features without its security model and decentralized consensus. For women who already manage finances with an eye for sustainability and security, these structural advantages can be instinctively appealing.
In practice, adopting bitcoin can be seen as an extension of the same philosophy that leads to strong household budgeting and successful stock investing: careful research, understanding an asset’s intrinsic properties, and integrating it into a balanced investment strategy. Many women are turning that analytical lens toward the fundamental dynamics of bitcoin, including its finite supply and censorship-resistant framework. These qualities resonate strongly with those who value planning for an uncertain future, preserving long-term purchasing power, and avoiding overexposure to traditional financial intermediaries.
The percentage of women who hold digital assets has been rising significantly, with one survey showing that women’s share of ownership jumped from 29% to 34% in a single quarter. Bitcoin remains the focal point for many newcomers to crypto, as it’s the best-known protocol with the longest track record and the most institutional infrastructure. The broader principle is that women, who already wield substantial financial clout in household decisions, are increasingly integrating bitcoin into the toolkit of assets they monitor and consider for portfolio allocation.
One reason for this pivot toward bitcoin is the desire for an alternative asset uncorrelated with conventional equities. Over the past several years, macroeconomic shifts have illuminated weaknesses in the traditional financial system, spurring many to look for stronger stores of value. Another factor is the emphasis on personal ownership and final settlement. Bitcoin transactions, once validated and included in a block, are impossible to reverse, offering a level of sovereignty that’s unfamiliar in a world dominated by credit-based money.
Women who consistently prioritize secure, long-term solutions for their families’ finances might view bitcoin’s fixed supply and decentralized validation as vital features. Such perspectives drive them to keep an open mind about integrating bitcoin into the broader scope of mutual funds, ETFs, and other financial instruments in their household’s portfolio.
The influence women hold in the family often extends to their children, relatives, and broader social networks. Mothers, aunts, and grandmothers serve as role models, teaching younger generations about financial literacy, saving, and investment principles. By incorporating bitcoin into these conversations, they can introduce children and teens to digital scarcity and the concept of sovereign ownership. That process plants the seed of understanding how open protocols function, potentially equipping future generations with the tools to navigate new financial frontiers.
A similar effect unfolds in local communities and professional circles, where women who have discovered the benefits and challenges of bitcoin can share their experiences, offer guidance, and help newcomers avoid pitfalls. Professional development and networking among women who work in bitcoin leads to downstream bitcoin adoption by end users. Once a critical mass of informed individuals test a technology, it tends to gain legitimacy, prompting others to follow suit.
As we enter an era in which AI, bitcoin, and other disruptive technologies are rearranging the foundations of society, women in bitcoin are finding themselves on the front lines of wealth-building and investing. Many of the women I talked to are building companies, bringing new technologies to market, and playing a key role in driving the bitcoin movement forward."
23,2025-03-08,"ByJohn Navin

ByJohn Navin
, Contributor. 
AI, artificial intelligence
Contrary to a lot of popular belief about certain tech stocks benefitting from artificial intelligence hype, the price charts of these AI stocks show problems. Some of the most mentioned AI-related companies are now in significant downtrends from their early 2025 peaks or their late 2024 all-time highs.
A number of these have dropped below their 200-day moving averages, a technical analysis measure of relative longer-term strength. It’s better for investors when stocks trade above that rather than below it, generally. Those who own such equities with a “forever and ever"" timeframe may ignore this.
Arista Networks.
Arista Networks daily price chart, 3 8 25.
The stock has slipped below both its 50-day moving average (the blue line) and its 200-day moving average (the red line). I’ve red-circled that area. Note that the 50-day has now turned downward and that the 200-day appears about to lose its upward momentum.
The computer hardware firm has a market capitalization of $105 billion. Its price-earnings ratio of 37 is about the same as that of the S&P 500. Arista’s debt-to-equity ratio is .01 with no long-term debt on the books. UBS on March 5 upgraded its opinion of the stock from “neutral” to “buy” with a price target of $115.
Nvidia
Nvidia daily price chart, 3 8 25.
The price peak came in mid-November 2024 at $152.50 with a failed re-test of that level in early January 2025. Since then, the stock has dropped below both the 50-day and the 200-day moving averages. This week’s action took the price to below the early February closing low near $115.
The most actively traded of all of the AI-related companies, this semiconductor designer has a market cap of $2,749 billion. The price-earnings ratio of 39 is roughly inline with that of the S&P 500 as a whole. The debt-to-equity ratio is .13. Nvidia pays a .04% dividend.
ServiceNow
ServiceNow daily price chart, 3 8 25.
The $1,200 price peak of January 2025 is clear on this chart as is the subsequent slide to the present $850. That’s a 29% loss in value for those who purchased at the top. The stock now trades below both the 50-day and the 200-day moving averages. The 50-day is turning downward.
This software application firm has a market cap of $175 billion. The price-earnings ratio is 124. This year’s earnings are up 17.66% and up over the past five years 16.56%. Cantor Fitzgerald initiated coverage of ServiceNow in January 2025 with an “overweight” rating and a price target of $1,332.
C3.ai 
C3.ai daily price chart, 3 8 25.
From the early December 2024 peak of near $45 to the this week’s low of $21 amounts to a 53% drop from the top to the present. The price now trades below both the 50-day and the 200-day moving averages. The 50-day has turned to the downside. The early September 2024 low of near $19 may be a support level.
The software application company has a market cap of $2.91 billion. It’s a member of the Russell 2000 small caps ETF. The short float of 18.89% indicates strong interest among those hedge funds and money managers who specialize in the art. Should a rally develop, short covering could fuel it.
Stats courtesy of FinViz.com. Charts courtesy of Stockcharts.com.
More analysis and commentary at johnnavin.substack.com."
24,2025-03-08,Smith is reuniting with Pete Carroll in Las Vegas. Our experts examine what comes next for both teams after Friday's stunning trade.
25,2025-03-08,"Business Insider Edition 
This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with Taylor Posada, a 28-year-old from Baltimore who runs multiple Etsy shops and a print-on-demand training business. Posada declined to share the name of her shop for privacy reasons. Business Insider has verified the revenue and profits mentioned in this article, which has been edited for length and clarity.

        I started my first print-on-demand Etsy shop in 2022 to supplement the $50,000 salary from my corporate job in franchise business development. In about a year, I grew my shop to replace my corporate income and went full-time with it in January of 2024.
    

        Later that year, I decided to take what I learned to start a second POD Etsy shop. Within four months, I made $175,194 in revenue and around $48,000 in profits — and my success has only continued.
    

        It didn't come from being extreme; my success came from being consistent, forward-thinking, and data-driven.
    

        For my first Etsy shop, I sold low-ticket items like tote bags and apparel for events, largely seasonal and holiday. For my second shop, I wanted to take on the challenge of more costly products that called for a higher profit margin.
    

        I'm at that age where all my friends are having weddings, bridal showers, and baby showers, and the most common thing I notice at all of those events is giant signs welcoming guests. So, I figured it would be the perfect thing to sell.
    

        Once I settled on signs, I conducted pricing research by looking up my competitors on Etsy and noted their materials, dimensions, and prices. Then, I found a middle-ground price point that I felt would make me competitive in the market while still aiming for about a 30% profit margin after product, shipping, and Etsy fees.
    

        After that, I jumped right in.
    

        Shortly after opening my shop and listing products, I started running Etsy ads. They're nontraditional because they work on a pay-per-click basis, meaning you pay based on how many people click on your ad and a series of factors like competition, demand, and Etsy's internal bidding system.
    

        I love them because I don't have to throw out money with the possibility that nobody will see my listing. Plus, I use ads as a crucial form of research.
    

        If an ad isn't getting any clicks, that tells me I'm not getting the products in front of the right people and should consider changing my SEO keywords. If an ad is getting views but nobody's clicking on it, that indicates that the cover design isn't resonating with viewers.
    

        Finally, if people click on the listing but don't buy, that means I need to reconsider my pricing.
    

        It's easy to get shiny object syndrome and want to test a bunch of different products, but I like to treat my shop like a science experiment. The fewer changing variables I have, the more valuable information I can gather and use to see growth.
    

        However, I have slowly added other products and variations as I saw fit.
    

        For example, if a wedding sign was getting the most views, I'd create more wedding-related products like seating chart signs and drink koozies. Or, if a specific product was getting a lot of clicks, I might make more variations of that design. Sometimes it's just a matter of adding more color options.
    

        I started posting listings in September 2024 and made my first sale in the first week of October. By November, my sales had skyrocketed to just over $29,000 in profit.
    

The holiday season is typically when people are buying the most things, so my sales tapered off after Black Friday. In December, I made $19,000 in profit.
    

        I attribute my boom in sales to thinking ahead about what might be selling in eight to 12 weeks. I know that it takes time for listings to rank and find their place in search results, so I start listing for holidays and events early.
    

        Because shoppers aren't getting an in-person experience where they can touch and see the product, I try to match that feeling through images.
    

        I always think of my listing images like a Chipotle commercial, where you see a perfect golden brown burrito that's been blazed with a torch. That's kind of what I try to recreate with my listing images.
    

        I use Adobe Photoshop to make custom mockups of the products, and all of my listings have a few main details: product size information, color options, features, and customer reviews.
    

        My biggest challenge has been staying consistent, especially when I'm tired or just not in the mood to work. That's when I have to rely on discipline.
    

        I start every morning by responding to customer messages and submitting orders from the previous day. Then I spend one to two hours posting new listings. After that, I find that I kind of lose my creativity.
    

        I'm really just going for it, taking chances, and learning along the way. As long as there's demand and profitability, I say take action and let it be messy.
    

If you launched a successful new business and want to share your story, please contact this editor, Manseen Logan, at mlogan@businessinsider.com.Update March 14, 2025: This article was updated to acknowledge that Taylor Posada also runs a print-on-demand training business.

 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
26,2025-03-08,"Business Insider Edition 
It has been three years since Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine, and the conflict has had a profound effect on the Russian weapons industry, causing its arms exports to plummet.

        The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIRPI), which researches conflict and arms, calculates that Russian arms exports decreased by half from 2019 to 2023 compared to the previous five-year period.
    

        Other estimates paint an even bleaker picture.
    

        Pavel Luzin, a non-resident senior fellow at the Center for European Policy Analysis, a DC think-tank, calculated that Russian arms exports tallied less than $1 billion from January to December 2024. They had stood at $14.6 billion in 2021; they dropped to $8 billion in 2022 before falling further to about $3 billion in 2023.
    

        Tellingly, France has surpassed Russia as the world's second-biggest arms exporter.
    

        ""We see that Russia, as an arms exporter, has generally failed,"" Luzin said last November.
    

        The staggering drop in sales is partially the result of a shift by Russian arms manufacturers away from export contracts and toward producing more weapons for the Russian military fighting in Ukraine.
    

        The Russian military has suffered very high matriel losses in the war.
    

        Open-source intelligence website Oryx indicates Russia has lost 3,773 tanks, 1,933 armored fighting vehicles, 5,531 infantry fighting vehicles, 615 armored personnel carriers, nearly 2,000 artillery pieces of all types, and many other pieces of equipment.
    

        Since the above are only the losses that could be verified via photographs or videos, Oryx estimates that true Russian losses are significantly higher.
    

        Russian arms companies have been working overtime to replace them. (Moscow has also been tapping into its inventory of older, Soviet-era equipment; however, 2025 may be the last year it can rely on stored weapons, Luzin wrote in January.)
    

        Although the credibility of official Russian data is suspect, ""production of new military equipment increased substantially in 2023,"" as a result of domestic demand, SIRPI said, with Rostec and Tactical Missile Corp's, Russia's two biggest arms companies, seeing their combined revenues increase by 40% that year.
    

        However, that momentum may not be sustainable.
    

        Increased production has put pressure on Russian arms companies, which face manpower and financial shortages and growing costs due to sanctions imposed by Western countries, Luzin wrote. They, therefore, struggle to keep churning out the necessary equipment and have largely paused foreign contracts.
    

        Russian companies are also losing customers. In 2019, Russia sold weapons to 31 countries — in 2023, that number had fallen to 12, according to SIRPI. This is a function of supply chains and geopolitics.
    

        Since the purchase of weapons is often a statement of alignment, several countries who used to buy Russian arms have turned to Western, domestic, or other alternatives.
    

        Additionally, due to sanctions imposed on Russia, maintaining Russian weapons is becoming increasingly difficult for buyers. Therefore, to safeguard themselves from uncertain maintenance, countries are seeking safer sellers.
    

        In Asia and Oceania, which had accounted for nearly 70% of overall Russian weapons exports between 2018 and 2023, the US is now the biggest seller. And in sub-Saharan Africa, where Russia used to be the biggest seller, the number one spot is now held by China.
    

        ""Russia's arms export categories in the last two decades [have mainly] included air defense systems, combat aircraft/helicopters and their parts (including engines), and some naval systems like diesel-electric submarines, corvettes and anti-ship missiles,"" Luzin, who is also a visiting scholar at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University, told Business Insider.
    

        These weapons, however, have been far from excellent, he added.
    

        Research published in The National Interest indicates that China has begun challenging Russia in the lower-value end of the arms spectrum,what is known as the ""value arms market.""
    

        At the higher end of the spectrum, South Korea has been making significant strides to Russia's detriment thanks to its quick production times and NATO-compatible weapons.
    

        Besides shifting the production focus of its weapons manufacturers, the war in Ukraine has damaged Russian arms exports in more ways, with some of the country's more publicized systems (like the S-400) proving to be more vulnerable on the battlefield than initially touted by Moscow.
    

        Reputational losses are also influencing the downturn of the country's arms exports, Luzin told Business Insider.
    

        Further, the dependency of Russian companies on ""import electronics and machine tools on the manufacturing stage"" has also had an impact, he added. Access to these components is harder to come by due to international sanctions.
    

        And even when the war ends, things may not go back to business as usual for the Russian arms industry. Covering the lost ground will be ""hard enough if not impossible at all,"" Luzin said.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
27,2025-03-08,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal."
28,2025-03-08,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank Colgate
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal."
29,2025-03-08,"There’s still time to enter to win Apple’s latest MacBook Pro courtesy of our friends at Chargeasap. This month, the company has launched its new Flash Pro Ultra, the world’s first dual OLED 275W powerbank. Head below the fold to enter the giveaway now and le…"
30,2025-03-08,"Creating engaging social media content has never been more important—or more challenging.
With millions of posts flooding platforms like Instagram, TikTok, Facebook, and LinkedIn every day, brands and creators must find ways to stand out visually while maintaining efficiency.
That’s where stock graphics come in.
Stock graphics have evolved beyond generic photos—they now include high-quality illustrations, customizable templates, animated visuals, and AI-enhanced elements that help brands create scroll-stopping content without expensive production costs.
But how do you use stock graphics effectively in 2025?
In this guide, we’ll explore the best practices for using stock graphics for social media and how to use them strategically for engagement.
Download thousands of beautiful Instagram post and story templates, Instagram video templates, and anything you need to supercharge your social media presence with an Envato membership. It starts at $16 per month, and gives you unlimited access to a growing library of over 19+ million Instagram templates, design assets, photos, videos and more.
Explore Instagram Templates
Social media is a visual-first landscape, and attention spans are shorter than ever. Brands need to consistently produce high-quality content—but not everyone has the time, budget, or design expertise to create graphics from scratch.
According to a study, 95% of marketers say that visual marketing is more effective than text-only marketing materials. 9% of those also say its 10X more effective.
Stock graphics provide an affordable, high-impact solution for creating effective social media graphics because they:
However, not all stock graphics work well on social media. Using the right type of stock visuals—optimized for engagement and platform-specific trends—is crucial to success.
Different types of stock visuals work better for specific platforms and content formats. Here are the top stock graphics that are driving engagement in 2025:
Stock template platforms like Canva, Envato Elements, and Adobe Express offer pre-designed templates for Instagram posts, Facebook ads, Pinterest pins, and LinkedIn graphics.
These templates are built with engagement in mind and can be quickly customized with brand colors, logos, and messaging.
Stock photos have come a long way from the stiff, corporate-looking images of the past. In 2025, authentic, candid, and diverse stock photography performs best.
Images that feel real, natural, and relatable get higher engagement, as audiences respond more to content that mirrors their own lives.
Hand-drawn, digital, and vector illustrations are becoming increasingly popular across social media, especially in brand storytelling and educational content.
Platforms like Freepik, Vecteezy, and Shutterstock provide customizable vector graphics, icons, and illustrated assets that add a modern, polished look to posts.
Motion-based content performs better on social media than static images, making stock animation assets highly valuable.
Websites like Motion Array and Lottiefiles offer stock animations, GIFs, and video templates that can be quickly edited to match a brand’s aesthetic.
Short-form video dominates social media, and stock video clips help brands create high-quality, professional-looking content without a film crew.
Sites like Pexels, Artgrid, and Adobe Stock Video provide royalty-free videos that work well for backgrounds, intros, and cutaway shots in marketing videos.
Using stock images as-is can make your social media posts look generic and unoriginal.
The key to standing out is customization—blending stock graphics with unique design elements that reinforce your brand’s identity.
Make stock graphics feel on-brand by applying your company’s color scheme, fonts, and filters.
Many stock assets, especially vector illustrations and templates, can be easily edited in Canva, Photoshop, or Illustrator to match your visual identity.
Instead of posting stock photos as they are, add engaging headlines, quotes, or calls-to-action.
Platforms like Instagram and LinkedIn favor text-based content, so turning a stock image into an eye-catching quote post can boost engagement.
Mixing and matching different stock graphics—such as combining a lifestyle image with illustrated elements or overlaying video clips with animated text—creates a more dynamic look.
Applying branded filters, overlays, and effects helps make stock images feel cohesive with the rest of your content.
This is especially important on Instagram and Pinterest, where a consistent visual aesthetic improves engagement.
Different social platforms have varying aspect ratios (square for Instagram, vertical for Stories, horizontal for YouTube, etc.).
When using stock graphics, crop or resize them to fit the intended platform while keeping key visual elements in focus.
With so many stock graphic platforms available, choosing the right one for your needs can be overwhelming.
These are some of the best websites you can use to find unique and high-quality stock graphics on a budget.
Envato Elements is an excellent choice for creatives who need a wide variety of design assets.
It offers unlimited downloads for a monthly subscription, making it ideal for businesses, agencies, and content creators who need stock graphics frequently.
You’ll find social media templates, icons, illustrations, stock photos, and even motion graphics to enhance your content.
Best for:
Creative Market is known for its handcrafted, high-quality graphics created by independent designers.
If you’re looking for customizable social media templates, trendy typography, or aesthetic illustrations, this platform offers a curated selection of creative assets that help make your content stand out.
Best for:
Canva is a go-to platform for social media marketers who want professional-looking graphics without needing advanced design skills.
With thousands of ready-to-use templates, Canva makes it easy to create Instagram posts, Facebook ads, Pinterest pins, and YouTube thumbnails.
The platform also provides built-in editing tools, allowing you to personalize graphics with your brand colors, text, and effects.
Best for:
Freepik is a fantastic resource for both free and premium vector graphics, illustrations, and social media templates.
It offers a massive library of customizable assets, including infographics, icons, and artistic backgrounds.
Many of its graphics come in editable AI, EPS, and PSD formats, making them perfect for designers who want to tweak assets to match their branding.
Best for:
Unsplash is one of the best platforms for free, high-resolution stock photography. Unlike traditional stock photo sites, Unsplash focuses on authentic, natural-looking imagery that resonates with modern audiences.
If you’re looking for stunning lifestyle photography, nature backgrounds, or professional-looking brand visuals, Unsplash offers a great selection without any licensing fees.
Best for:
With the right mix of social media templates, authentic photography, illustrations, and motion graphics, you can create eye-catching, professional content without the time and cost of custom design.
By personalizing stock assets with branding, typography, and filters, you ensure that your visuals stand out in crowded social feeds.
If used effectively, stock graphics can elevate your social media presence, drive engagement, and help your content shine in a fast-moving digital world.
Learn how to supercharge your Instagram account. Craft beautiful posts and updates, improve your branding, find templates, and use Instagram in a new, creative way!
Read the Full Feature
Made by Compact Creative © 2025

Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
RSS Feed

Home / Articles / Features / Resources / Gallery
About / Advertising & Sponsorship / Contact / Privacy
In Partnership with"
31,2025-03-08,"
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Why IndusInd Bank is in elite company
Stock down 50% in 12 days, Blusmart’s sister concern plans recovery. Can it bounce back?
Inflation is falling: Can rates go down on a sustained basis?
3 things EV makers should learn from Hero Electric insolvency proceedings
CBI closes in on NCLT cash-for-orders bribery ring
Time to buy small and mid cap stocks?
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Definitions
Top Story Listing
Top Slideshow
Private Companies
Top Commodities
Top Prime Articles
Top Market Pages
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 35% off on ETPrime






90 Days Prime access worth Rs999 unlocked for you
Stories you might be interested in"
32,2025-03-08,"
AMD's RDNA 4 GPUs are selling like hotcakes.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

AMD RX 9070 and RX 9070 XT GPUs, which rival the best graphics cards, were launched on March 5, three days ago. The RDNA 4-powered graphics card is the second best-selling GPU on Amazon and has taken the first spot in Amazon Germany and Amazon UK. Remember that these standings are dynamic and are subject to change as consumers purchase more units of one graphics card than the other.
Despite the supply issues with the GeForce RTX 50-series GPUs, the RTX 5070 Ti has remained on top of Amazon's best-selling list. The MSI GeForce RTX 5070 Ti 16G Ventus 3X OC, launched at $829.99, appears to be the most popular model. The Asus TUF Gaming Radeon RX 9070 XT OC Edition is in second place.
Amazon Germany lists the XFX Swift Radeon RX 9070 OC White as its best-selling GPU, despite being listed for €929.99 — this is way above its $549 MSRP (around €506), even if you include taxes. On the other hand, the U.K.’s top bestseller is the Gigabyte Radeon RX 9070 XT Gaming OC, which is already unavailable at the time of this article.
Despite seemingly launching with more stock than Nvidia and Intel, AMD’s RX 9070 series GPUs quickly ran out within a few hours of its launch. Scalpers are now selling them for more than twice the MSRP, and it’s apparent that people still buy these mid-range cards despite scalpers selling them at high-end prices. While we expect that some 9070 models will be sold at a premium, AMD’s Frank Azor said that multiple cards from AIB partners will be sold at MSRP prices. However, the prices we see feel unreasonable, even for a more premium offering, especially as they now stray into RTX 5080 territory.
Hopefully, AMD will deliver more supplies in the coming weeks and help normalize the market. The GPU market has been fraught with shortages during the past few months. Intel launched its highly acclaimed Intel Arc B580 GPU late last year, but the graphics card stock is still hard to come by, even if you know where to buy it. Nvidia admitted a shortage of RTX 50-series GPUs, affecting everything from the RTX 5090 to its most affordable RTX 5070.
At the moment, we’re unsure if AMD’s shortage is temporary, having been caused by the pent-up demand for new GPUs caused by the wider community’s frustration with Nvidia and Intel. This is a big opportunity for Team Red, allowing it to claw back some market share from Nvidia, which has long dominated the gaming GPU market. We will know in the next few weeks if AMD can cope with the situation and produce enough cards to cover its competitors' shortfall.
Get Tom's Hardware's best news and in-depth reviews, straight to your inbox.
Jowi Morales is a tech enthusiast with years of experience working in the industry. He’s been writing with several tech publications since 2021, where he’s been interested in tech hardware and consumer electronics.
Nvidia announces Rubin GPUs in 2026, Rubin Ultra in 2027, Feynam also added to roadmap
Nvidia announces Blackwell Ultra B300 —1.5X faster than B200 with 288GB HBM3e and 15 PFLOPS dense FP4
Nvidia Blackwell RTX Pro with up to 96GB of VRAM — even more demand for the limited supply of GPUs

Tom's Hardware is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
33,2025-03-08,"Digital Trends may earn a commission when you buy through links on our site. Why trust us?
Apple’s efforts with putting advanced AI capabilities across its ecosystem, the way Google has implemented them with Gemini, have a lot of ground left to cover. Among them is the Siri virtual assistant, which has remained a laggard and still hasn’t received the features Apple showcased at its developers conference last year.
Now, the company has officially confirmed that an overhauled Siri, one that can access locally stored user data and interact with apps, has been delayed until next year. Internally known as ”LLM Siri,” the next-gen makeover might not fully arrive until next year, but the delay could extend well into 2027.
“We’ve also been working on a more personalized Siri, giving it more awareness of your personal context, as well as the ability to take action for you within and across your apps. It’s going to take us longer than we thought to deliver on these features and we anticipate rolling them out in the coming year,” an Apple spokesperson was quoted as saying by Daring Fireball.
Apple was reportedly eyeing an April launch for the upgraded Siri experience, which was expected to arrive with the iOS 18.4 update. Top Apple executives — including senior vice president of software engineering, Craig Federighi — have voiced concerns about the planned features misfiring during internal tests, reports Bloomberg.
Apparently, some employees think the planned roadmap might be nixed altogether, forcing Apple to start from the ground up. As a stop-gap solution, Apple inked a deal with OpenAI to offer ChatGPT capabilities on iPhones and Mac, integrating it with Siri as part of the Apple Intelligence stack.
Despite ChatGPT bringing advanced language and multimodal capabilities such as image generation and file analysis, Siri is still missing a few crucial features that could truly lift the functional experience. For example, it still can’t take a look at user data and offer contextual responses, nor can it interact deeply with installed applications.
Google’s Gemini, which is now available natively on top-end Android devices, can tap into the data stored across its Workspace products such as Gmail, Docs, Maps, and even YouTube. Moreover, using a system of extensions, it can turn voice commands into actionable steps across different apps, including third-party apps such as Spotify.
Apple has clearly missed the train, and the latest delays don’t paint a particularly good picture of the innovation streak at the company. However, it is making some progress elsewhere. The company recently partnered with Alibaba and Baidu in China to speed up the development of Apple Intelligence for the local market.
Late last week, Apple quietly acknowledged that it is delaying the launch of a key Apple Intelligence feature. The company has since made its decision more public by adding a disclaimer to its website.
Apple Intelligence, announced in June, was expected to include an enhanced version of Siri, the company's voice assistant. These heavily-anticipated new features are designed to improve Siri's understanding of user context and ability to interact more effectively with applications.
If you had previously disabled Apple Intelligence,  you might want to double-check your settings. The latest iOS update looks to have re-enabled the service for many users, just like previous updates — a bug that has bothered Apple users since it began.
Disabling Apple Intelligence can clear up as much as 7GB of data on your iPhone, and for users with less storage capacity, that's nothing to scoff at. Suddenly losing that much storage to an optional feature is an annoyance, but you can disable it again. You just have to repeat the process in your settings.
Motorola is the latest brand to go all-in with the ”AI on phone” trend for its 2025 lineup, following in the footsteps of big players like Google, Samsung, and nearly every other notable Chinese label. As per a fresh leak, Motorola’s upcoming Edge-series phone will be among its first non-foldable phones to offer the company’s Moto AI stack.
Leakster Evan Blass has shared what appears to be marketing images of the Moto Edge 60 Fusion. Of particular attention is the Moto AI branding on the leaked material. So far, Motorola’s AI software goodies have been exclusive to its current-gen foldable phones and the Edge 50 Ultra flagship. Moreover, it’s worth noting that the whole system is still under beta-testing phase.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks."
34,2025-03-08,"Egg prices have doubled since January 2024 due to the avian flu.
For the last 130 years, four generations of Ernest Lepore's family have baked the pastries – cream puffs, cannoli, sfogliatelle – that have come to define Manhattan's Little Italy neighborhood, withstanding wars, economic downturns and drastic changes to the neighborhood that his family calls home.
But with the soaring cost of eggs – a staple ingredient in nearly half their products – it's becoming increasingly difficult for Ferrara Bakery to avoid raising their prices.
""We can't keep passing on costs to our guests,"" Ferrara's president, Ernest Lepore, told ABC News. ""As you move closer to Easter, eggs are just growing exponentially in price. I can't do anything about it.""
Egg prices have skyrocketed over the last year, reaching historic highs, and wholesale shoppers like small businesses were paying over $8 for a dozen eggs last week. According to the latest USDA report, released Friday, the national average wholesale price has dropped slightly to $6.85 per dozen.
However, many grocery stores sell their eggs at a loss to get customers in the door, bringing the average retail price of a dozen eggs to just under $5. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the average price of a dozen eggs at the grocery store reached a record high of $4.95 in January 2025. More, the USDA predicted that prices might increase 40 percent this year, and experts are warning that those prices might stay high even if the supply of eggs in the U.S. rebounds.
But small businesses, unlike grocery shoppers, are tied to the market wholesale price, making these surging costs particularly devastating.
Theodore Karounos, owner of Square Diner in New York's downtown neighborhood of Tribeca, said that translates into tens of thousands of dollars in additional yearly costs for him.
""If things hold up at this price, and we stay as busy as we were last year, I'll pay $70,000 more for eggs than I did last year,"" he told ABC News. ""I can't just absorb that hit for the next nine months.""
The exorbitant costs are a result of a nationwide shock to supply, brought about by a ravaging outbreak of the avian flu. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that over 166 million commercial poultry birds have been affected since 2022, when the outbreak began. But the last few months have been especially devastating.
""In just four months, we've lost 52 million layers and pullets within our nation's egg supply, which is vastly different than any other outbreak that we've seen in the past."" Karyn Rispoli, managing editor of Expana, a firm that surveys and tracks the price of eggs, told ABC News. ""The biggest difference of late is just that it has been more lethal and really devastated our nation's egg supply.""
The avian flu has wreaked havoc on poultry flocks across the country. As a result, Rispoli says that the nation's supply of egg-laying hens is at nearly a ten-year low. Once one chicken is infected, farmers are forced to cull the remainder, after which comes the challenge of repopulating their flocks.
But even as the U.S. faces an egg shortage, demand for the commodity remains relatively constant, creating a perfect storm for egg prices to soar. Consequently, those small businesses that rely on eggs, like Ferrara Bakery and Square Diner, are forced to make difficult decisions.
Unlike larger restaurant chains like Denny's and Waffle House, which have adjusted to the surging costs by adding an egg surcharge to their menu item prices, smaller businesses are less inclined to follow suit, according to Dartmouth College economics professor Bruce Sacerdote.
""In the case of a restaurant, they aren't necessarily able to pass on the full price increase. We're not talking about a simple commodity where the markets clear immediately and you just have to pass on the full price increase,"" he told ABC News. ""Restaurants may be taking a hit to their margins in order to not pass on the full price increase.""
At Tom's Restaurant on New York City's Upper West Side – famous as the setting for the fictional Monk's Café in the TV series ""Seinfeld"" – the soaring cost of eggs means that co-owner John Ieromonahos is spending an additional $2,000 a week to pay for eggs to continue supplying the restaurant, where approximately 70 percent of their business is breakfast.
""Of course, we don't want to charge extra to customers,"" Ieromonahos said. ""This is not our customer's fault, but I don't know how long we're going to last without charging extra.""
At The Hungarian Pastry Shop in Manhattan, owner Philip Binioris told ABC News that he's trying his best not to pass the higher cost of eggs on to consumers, though he, too, isn't sure how long he can absorb the increasingly prohibitive cost.
""It's frustrating. I would like to not raise our prices. I think that we have fair prices, and I like to be able to keep them stable,"" he said. ""I'm just kind of waiting to see how bad this gets before I make a decision on how I'm going to change prices. It's tight.""
While consumers, small businesses and their customers continue to shell out more for eggs amid the avian flu outbreak, the nation's largest producer and distributor of eggs has reported soaring profits.
Cal-Maine Foods, according to SEC filings, saw an over three-fold increase in their gross profits in their fiscal year 2023, at the dawn of the bird flu outbreak. And according to their most recent filing, their gross profits are up 342% through the second quarter of their fiscal year 2025 versus the previous fiscal year.
Rispoli also told ABC News that grocery shoppers could see increased prices even when the egg supply does begin to recover, as grocery stores may seek to recoup lost earnings. She said that happened when egg prices soared at the beginning of the current avian flu outbreak.
""In the aftermath of that, as the market corrected and came down substantially, retailers were then holding shelf prices higher to try and recapture some of the margin that they had previously forfeited,"" she said.
Back at Ferrara in Little Italy, Lepore is searching everywhere to find other ways to save money so he doesn't have to increase their prices. He recently upgraded his building's cooling system and improved his refrigerators, saving money on electricity in the long term. He also is taking a lesson from his grandparents, who kept the business going through the Great Depression, by baking smaller batches of goods in order to more easily keep product fresh and avoid waste.
""Eggs are determining production,"" he said. ""As we are going into Easter, I am going to be baking at the last minute not to waste an egg, because there can't be any left over.""
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events"
35,2025-03-08,"
					By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Bill Maher seems unafraid of the Swifties coming after him after swiping at Taylor Swift during his opening monologue of Friday’s Real Time.

	The host and comedian opened his show talking about Donald Trump and his chaotic second run as president, attacking allies like Ukraine, Mexico and Canada.

	“This world is so upside down now,” Maher said. “It took Trump three weeks to break up with Ukraine, and Mexico and Canada. And yet, Taylor Swift has the same boyfriend for over a year.”

	The crowd laughed at Maher’s joke, and the host added, “It’s alright. She can take it.”

	Swift has been dating Kansas City Chiefs star Travis Kelce. The couple has been open about their relationship, with Swift attending many of Kelce’s NFL games and the football star showing up to the singer’s concerts around the world.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	Trump imposed tariffs on Canada and Mexico, and Wall Street felt the uncertainty with the stock market declining over the week. Last week, Trump and Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky starred in a public feud that played in front of cameras like a reality show. Trump paused military aid to Ukraine amid the war over Russia’s invasion of their country.

	Maher also took a swipe at Elon Musk, who as head of DOGE has been firing federal workers in an alleged effort to cut government costs and make government run more efficiently.

	Musk attended Trump’s address to Congress this week, and Maher noted that “the internet was all abuzz” because the Tesla owner was “sitting next to an attractive blonde.”

	“Turns out, they were just seated together, never met her, there’s no connection,” Maher said, before delivering the punchline, “And her due date is in December.”

	Maher noted he was kidding, adding, “No, I think he did try to pick her up because he used his standard pickup line, ‘Haven’t I fired you somewhere before?'”

	Watch Maher deliver the joke in the video below. 
The world is upside down. It only took Trump weeks to break up with Ukraine, Mexico, and Canada, but Taylor Swift has had the same boyfriend for over a year. pic.twitter.com/2mPVyejd87
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
36,2025-03-08,"Tarlogic Security has detected a hidden functionality that can be used as a backdoor in the ESP32, a microcontroller that enables WiFi and Bluetooth connection and is present in millions of mass-market IoT devices. Exploitation of this hidden functionality (click here for technical details of the research) would allow hostile actors to conduct impersonation attacks and permanently infect sensitive devices such as mobile phones, computers, smart locks or medical equipment by bypassing code audit controls.
This discovery is part of the ongoing research carried out by the Innovation Department of Tarlogic on the Bluetooth standard. Thus, the company has also presented at RootedCON, the world’s largest Spanish-language cybersecurity conference, BluetoothUSB, a free tool that enables the development of tests for Bluetooth security audits regardless of the operating system of the devices.
This solution, presented by Miguel Tarascó, Director of Innovation at Tarlogic, and Antonio Vázquez, a researcher in the department, seeks to democratize the execution of security tests for Bluetooth devices and help manufacturers and cybersecurity experts protect all kinds of gadgets and technological equipment from attacks that aim to spy on citizens and companies and take control of devices that are essential in our daily lives.
Researchers from the cybersecurity company have reviewed multiple Bluetooth devices using the BSAM methodology, presented by Tarlogic a year ago, which systematizes the performance of Bluetooth security audits.
In the course of the investigation, a hidden feature was discovered in the ESP32 chip, used in millions of IoT devices and which can be purchased on the world’s most famous e-commerce sites for €2. It is this low cost that explains why it is present in the vast majority of Bluetooth IoT devices for domestic use. In 2023, the manufacturer Espressif reported in a statement that one billion units of this chip had been sold worldwide to date.
Tarlogic has detected that ESP32 chips, which allow connectivity via WiFi or Bluetooth, have hidden commands not documented by the manufacturer. These commands would allow modifying the chips arbitrarily to unlock additional functionalities, infecting these chips with malicious code, and even carrying out attacks of identity theft of devices.
In this way, malicious actors could impersonate known devices to connect to mobile phones, computers and smart devices, even if they are in offline mode. For what purpose? To obtain confidential information stored on them, to have access to personal and business conversations, and to spy on citizens and companies.
How can backdoors and vulnerabilities be detected before hostile actors exploit them? By conducting Bluetooth security audits.
There are currently thousands of tools on the market that allow manufacturers and cybersecurity experts to carry out specific tests around this global standard.
However, with the current tools, it is not possible to carry out comprehensive security audits of a Bluetooth device due to their lack of maintenance, dependence on the operating system and the fact that they require a multitude of specialized and expensive hardware. That is, in order to carry out this analysis work, a significant effort has to be made to be able to execute the tools since they do not work on a single operating system such as Windows, Mac or Linux…
To overcome these barriers, Tarlogic’s Innovation Department has developed BluetoothUSB, a driver that allows security tests and attacks to be implemented to achieve complete security audits on all kinds of devices regardless of the operating system or programming language and without the need for a wide variety of hardware to carry out all the tests in an audit, all free of charge.
BluetoothUSB aims to facilitate development and democratize access to the tools needed to analyze the security of the Bluetooth standard in millions of IoT devices. Thanks to this software, it is possible for manufacturers to develop tools to perform their tests on all kinds of Bluetooth gadgets.
The presentation of BluetoothUSB represents a new milestone in Tarlogic’s commitment to improving Bluetooth security, a global communications standard used by millions of devices using free methodologies and tools.
Thus, in 2023, BlueTrust was unveiled, a vulnerability that allows Bluetooth devices to be identified and linked to each other and can be exploited to infer personal data such as names, addresses or telephone numbers. For what purpose? To carry out attacks and fraud.
How can companies and citizens be protected against this kind of vulnerability? In 2024, Tarlogic Security presented BSAM, the first methodology for carrying out Bluetooth security audits and detecting weaknesses and vulnerabilities in devices that use this standard.
Now, it goes one step further in the task of strengthening the security of millions of gadgets. Since BluetoothUSB is a tool that allows the development of all BSAM security controls and carrying out comprehensive evaluations of gadgets without having to resort to multiple software and hardware. This means a huge saving in time, effort and investment.
The discovery of new attack vectors in a widely used chip such as the ESP32 and the presentation of BluetoothUSB further deepen Tarlogic’s commitment to the security of Bluetooth technology.
The projects developed in recent years by Tarlogic’s Innovation team have focused on the need to strengthen the security of a standard used by millions of devices in businesses and homes around the world.
In addition, the company’s researchers have worked together with IoT device manufacturers to optimize vulnerability detection and implement more robust security mechanisms.
The presentation of BluetoothUSB consolidates Tarlogic Security as a global benchmark in Bluetooth security after several years of continuous work.
Since its foundation over a decade ago, Tarlogic Security has become a cutting-edge cybersecurity company that combines innovation and talent to provide a wide range of services in cybersecurity, cyber intelligence and defensive and offensive service auditing to numerous listed companies and multinationals.
03/09/2025 Update:We would like to clarify that it is more appropriate to refer to the presence of proprietary HCI commands—which allow operations such as reading and modifying memory in the ESP32 controller—as a “hidden feature” rather than a “backdoor.”The use of these commands could facilitate supply chain attacks, the concealment of backdoors in the chipset, or the execution of more sophisticated attacks. Over the coming weeks, we will publish further technical details on this matter.
10/09/2025 Update:Technical details and content of the Bluetooth hacking talk published in the blog article.
Share this article
Contact our cybersecurity team for any questions or if you are in need of an assessment!
EUROPE HQ:Madrid Quintanavides 13-23, Business Park Vía Norte 2nd building, Las Tablas, 28050
© 2025 all rights reserved Tarlogic | Cyber security and Cyber intelligence experts
Privacy policy - Legal notice - Management policy - Cookies policy - Whistle-blower channel
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in Cookies Settings
Privacy policy - Legal notice
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website."
37,2025-03-08,"As President Donald Trump’s trade war ate into consumer confidence last month and ruffled financial markets, talk of a recession is re-entering Americans’ lexicons—but though the odds of an economic slowdown are higher, the evidence does not suggest a recession is imminent.
President Donald Trump speaks before signing executive orders in the Oval Office on Thursday.
Perhaps the most significant data point signaling a possible recession is the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta’s widely tracked GDPNow model, which forecasts U.S. economic output will contract by an annualized rate of -2.4% in 2025’s first quarter based on a series of economic data points.
That would be the worst economic growth since the second quarter of 2020, at the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, and set the stage for the widely accepted technical definition of a recession, two consecutive quarters of negative gross domestic product growth.
The National Bureau of Economic Research more broadly defines it as a “significant decline in economic activity that is spread across the economy and lasts more than a few months.”
Several other concerning signals have flashed regarding the health of the American economy, as consumer sentiment tumbled to a 15-month low, layoff announcements shot up to a 4.5-year high and the stock market tanked, with the benchmark S&P 500 index falling 6% from its all-time high set Feb. 19 as the implementation of tariffs rocked Wall Street.
Models tracking the probability of a U.S. recession have simultaneously shifted to indicate a higher probability of an economic pullback.
Goldman Sachs economists upped their odds of a recession over the next 12 months from 15% to 20% on Friday, naming Trump’s economic policies as the “key risk,” while Yardeni Research raised their recession odds Wednesday from 20% to 35%, citing “Trump 2.0’s head-spinning barrage of executives orders, firings, and tariffs.”
The top-ranking economic official in Trump’s administration, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent, indicated the economy could take a hit Friday, telling CNBC: “Could we be seeing that this economy that we inherited [is] starting to roll a bit? Sure…. We’ve become addicted to this government spending, and there’s going to be a detox period.”
0.8 percentage points. That’s the peak negative hit to GDP from tariffs priced into Goldman’s baseline economic model, the bank’s economists led by Manuel Abecasis wrote Friday. Goldman lowered its end-of-2025 GDP growth rate from 2.2% to 1.7% and its end-of-2026 GDP growth rate from 2.2% to 2% to account for tariffs.
Rising recession odds and the prospects of sharply negative economic growth sound like the sky is falling, but there’s ample evidence to suggest the U.S. is not necessarily on the doorstep of a downturn. As recently as the summer of 2023, Goldman’s recession model signaled a more than 30% chance of a recession, just before the U.S. ripped off seven consecutive quarters of more than 1.5% GDP growth and the stock market surged, even as monetary policy remained restrictive. There’s also evidence the GDPNow model may be skewed negatively, as Goldman attributes much of the Atlanta Fed’s model downward shift to its accounting of gold imports amid the safe haven surge, and the New York Fed’s rival first-quarter GDP projection calls for robust 2.9% growth.
U.S. policies “appear to be tilting towards a less business-friendly stance,” JPMorgan Chase economists Bruce Kasman and Joseph Lupton remarked in a Friday note. “The trade war heated up more than we had expected, and is concentrated in North America, where it will likely generate large spillovers to US growth,” they explained.
There have been 11 recessions over the last 75 years, according to the National Bureau of Economic Research. The last two recessions, the late 2000s’ Great Recession, and the 2020 Covid recession, were the longest and shortest drawdowns of that span, respectively. Bessent leads a growing chorus of Trump allies attributing any weak economic data to the Biden administration, though data points to an overall strong economy during President Joe Biden’s term, as it was during Trump’s first term prior to the global economic slowdown initiated by the pandemic.
The February jobs report released Friday revealed a still healthy labor market, albeit with slower growth. Last month’s 4.1% unemployment rate is well within the historic norm during stable economic periods, though the 151,000 jobs added marked the worst February growth since 2019, as hiring over 2025’s first two months slowed 19% compared to 2024’s comparable period.


One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
38,2025-03-08,"ByBryan Robinson, Ph.D.

ByBryan Robinson, Ph.D.
, Contributor. 

Job search strategists warn that waiting until you’re unemployed is the worst mistake you can make. ... [+] It’s among seven common (and costly) job-hunting mistakes that many seekers make.
The days of “safe"" jobs are officially over. Layoffs, forced retirements, and agency closures under the new Administration have left thousands of employees scrambling for their next move. As a result, the unemployed find themselves unprepared for the brutal reality of today’s job market. Job search strategists warn that waiting until you’re unemployed is the worst mistake you can make. It’s among seven common (and costly) job-hunting mistakes that many seekers make.
I spoke with career experts Raymond Lee, founder of Careerminds and Amanda Augustine, resident career career expert for Careerminds. Lee told me, “This is not business as usual. We’re in the midst of the biggest federal workforce shake-up in decades. If you don’t take control of your career today, you might not have a choice tomorrow."" Here are seven job-hunting mistakes to avoid:
Mistake #1: Diving In Without Defining Your Job Goals. The authors say that a well-defined job goal is the foundation of a successful job search. “Every step you take—from tailoring your personal branding materials to tapping into your network—should be guided by a clear objective,” they add. “Yet, many professionals skip this crucial step, diving straight into updating their resumes and reaching out to connections.”
The authors stress that simply saying, “I’m looking for a new job” is too vague to be actionable. Instead, they suggest that you take the time to reflect on your past experiences, identify your greatest strengths and research the job market. “A thoughtful, realistic job goal will help you focus your efforts and position yourself for the right opportunities.”
Mistake #2: Waiting Too Long to Refresh Your Resume and LinkedIn. “It may seem counterintuitive, but the best time to update your resume and LinkedIn profile is before you need them,” Lee and Augustine explain. “Waiting until you’re actively job hunting—or worse, unexpectedly unemployed—can leave you scrambling to recall key details and achievements.""
The duo recommends making it a habit to update these critical job-search materials regularly and to consider maintaining a brag book in a Google doc or app like Evernote where you document your promotions, new skills and accomplishments in detail as they happen so you’re already prepared to update your resume and LinkedIn profile. “A little proactive effort now can make all the difference when opportunity knocks,” they caution.
Mistake #3: Using the Same Resume for Every Job—Especially When Changing Industries. The authors strongly recommend if you’re transitioning to a new industry—especially for those federal workers who are seeking work in the private sector—make sure to customize your resume.
“Industry-specific jargon may not resonate with prospective employers outside your field, so translate your experience into terms hiring professionals in your target industry will understand and appreciate” they suggest. “Highlight transferable skills, reframe accomplishments in a way that aligns with private-sector priorities, and replace government-specific language with terms used in your target industry.”
Mistake #4: Neglecting Your Network. The authors stress that your network is one of your most valuable job-search tools, but if you’ve lost touch, reconnect and build new connections—before you need a job. They advocate reaching out to former coworkers, mentors and friends to catch up and strengthen relationships. They offer other tips like setting up coffee chats, lunches or Zoom calls to check in, exchanging insights and exploring opportunities to support one another.
“If you’re currently employed but on the hunt for new work, quietly let trusted contacts know you’re exploring options, and treat these conversations like informational interviews to gather job market intel and potential leads,” they add. “Just be mindful—keep job-search activities off company time and equipment to avoid putting your current position at risk.”
Mistake #5: Failing to Financially Prepare. Losing a job can be scary when you don’t have a financial cushion to get by. Lee and Augustine cite a Careerminds survey reporting that nearly one-half of professionals (48.6%) couldn’t survive more than three months without a paycheck, yet the average time to land a comparable job is at least five months. They note that statistics are even worse for Millennials (59%) and Gen Z (70%). If you’re job hunting—or even suspect a layoff—they advise developing a plan to secure your finances for peace of mind.
They encourage you to reassess your budget, cut non-essential expenses and explore temporary income sources such as consulting or other gig jobs to earn extra cash. If you’ve been laid off, they propose carefully reviewing your severance package and benefits and research your unemployment eligibility and plan accordingly.
Mistake #6: Staying in Your Comfort Zone. “Looking for a new job can be stressful and uncomfortable, so it’s natural to gravitate toward the methods that feel easiest,” the authors acknowledge. “But sticking to just one approach that feels safe can drastically limit your opportunities.” They recommend harnessing the “power of three.” (1) apply for jobs online (2) engage with recruiters and (3) double down on networking efforts.
Mistake #7: Thinking Your Job is Safe. The authors emphasize that no one is immune from job loss in today’s market, whether you work in the public or private sector. They mention that Careerminds found most respondents working in the private sector feel secure in their jobs, but they expect to see a trickle-down effect to other industries throughout the year. “In uncertain times, it’s imperative to operate at your best and prepare for the worst–as they say, luck favors the prepared.”
The American job market is in a “wait-and-see mode,” but it’s important that job seekers have a plan in the face of economic uncertainty. The average consumer is nervous about making ends meet in the future. Many are choosing side hustles to earn extra income in the face of economic threats.
Lee and Augustine advise that you explore opportunities both inside and outside your current employer and field. “This includes, but is not limited to, internal transfers to more stable departments, lateral roles in other industries and complete career changes that capitalize on your transferable skills and knowledge."" They also suggest that you research potential career shifts, identify skill gaps, strengthen your network and update your resume and LinkedIn. Taking these proactive steps now can offset job-hunting mistakes, plus give you the flexibility and confidence to navigate whatever comes next."
39,2025-03-08,"ByIan Nicholas Quillen

ByIan Nicholas Quillen
, Contributor. 
Liverpool's Mo Salah signs autographis during a pre-season friendly against Arsenal in Philadelphia ... [+] last July.
It appears we have finally reached the point where everyone in the business of soccer has decided to invest in the commercial potential of the 2026 FIFA World Cup in the United States next summer. Almost every day it seems, there is a new initiative launched or intention announced.
In case you needed reminding, here’s a small sample of relevant soccer business developments in the last few weeks:
This flurry of events showing a desire to reap the benefits of the world’s biggest sporting event coming to the world’s richest economy recall words MLS commissioner Don Garber has spoken on multiple occasions about the World Cup’s potential, as early as 2018 when the United States, Mexico and Canada officially became the winning bid.
The tournament, he said, would be “rocket fuel” for the growth and development of MLS and the game at large in the United States.
It’s an apt metaphor, but also one with multiple dimensions. Rockets take off with a sudden burst to escape the Earth’s gravitational pull and send spacecraft or satellites into orbit. But often, the rocket components crash back to earth once they’ve fulfilled their purpose, plunging into the ocean and never be seen again.
And with all the investment coming into the American soccer landscape right now, it is quite likely some business efforts will achieve a steady orbit while others will have a much shorter airborne arc.
Consider the timeline of high-profile tournaments of major internastional tournaments on U.S. soil, beginning with last summer’s 2024 Copa America that was seen as something of a World Cup dress rehearsal.
This is in addition to America’s customary role as the permanent host nation for Concacaf’s bi-ennial Gold Cup, and potentially its continuing annual role as the host of the Leagues Cup, a tournament contested between Liga MX and MLS Clubs. There are also the now-traditional summer preseason schedules of European clubs who spend a few weeks in America playing before enormous crowds before kicking off their new seasons back home.
In some ways, this feels similar to the initial boom and subsequent contraction of the sports betting and ancillary sports betting content industries, a trajectory that began with a 2018 Supreme Court ruling that struck down a federal law banning sports betting in most states.
That prompted an initial rush of investors into the space, as states one by one took action to legalize wagering to varrying degrees. But as the majority of U.S. states and Canadian provinces completed that process, the market has slowed and many of the players in the space have contracted. Caesars Entertainment has undergone several rounds of layoffs, while BetMGM parted with 83 staff members from their New Jersey headquarters last October. Gambling-related media companies like Catena Media and Action Network have also been forced to cut staff. (Full disclosure: I worked as a freelance contributor for Action Network from 2021 through 2024.)
That doesn’t mean everyone has suffered though. FanDuel and DraftKings, two of the most successful companies in the space, have mostly avoided the pain of contraction and share similar roots in daily fantasy sports. That provided a customer base to build upon that other sports betting players couldn’t match.
At some point we are bound to reach a similar point in American Soccer, one of saturation or even oversaturation. And the question then will be which players are the FanDuels and Draft Kings of the American Soccer world.
If the principles at play are the same, then executives at Major League Soccer, United Soccer Leagues and the National Women’s Soccer League will like their chances because they’ve been building roots long before this sudden rush of investment. But they aren’t the only ones. The Premier League and Liga MX have long been the most successful TV soccer properties in the United States even though their teams play elsewhere. And the top brands in other European leagues are also ahead of the game."
40,2025-03-08,"We recently published a list of 10 Most Undervalued High Quality Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where..."
41,2025-03-08,"We recently compiled a list of the 10 Cash-Rich Undervalued Stocks To Invest In. In this article, we are going to take a look at where MetLife, Inc..."
42,2025-03-08,"ByErik Sherman

ByErik Sherman
, Senior Contributor. 
Contractors raise a framed wall at the Toll Brothers Redwood, a 55 years of age and up active adult ... [+] community, in Folsom, California, US, on Thursday, March 6, 2025. The US Census Bureau is scheduled to release housing starts figures on March 18. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg
Many people watching the economy — not just economists but also traders and business owners of all sizes — are getting nervous. Job hires were below expectations for the second month in a row and layoffs have taken a big jump. There are growing signs that labor market dynamics, which helped form the foundation of an expected soft landing of the economy after the high inflation bout, may now be on shaky ground.
The labor market’s strength has been critical to the economic recovery. The Federal Reserve’s dual mandate is to achieve stable prices and maximum sustainable employment, as the Chicago branch of the Federal Reserve explains. It can be a difficult balance.
Maximum employment isn’t formulaic and can’t be readily calculated. And then, there is something called the natural rate of inflation that allows for economic growth and maximum employment, but that changes all the time. As with maximum employment, no one can definitively calculate it.
The two critical and unknowable numbers can be estimated, but that is similar to saying that a group of people is running an incredibly complex machine; however, the gauges that provide vital information don’t work well.
Labor is important in multiple ways. When companies employ too many people — remember, the Fed seeks maximum sustainable employment — costs rise and businesses pass them on through higher prices, adding to inflation and overheating the economy.
When those same companies lay off employees to save money, too few people have jobs. As unemployment grows, there is less consumer spending, which is almost 70% of gross domestic product or GDP, one way to measure the economy. The result eventually is a recession.
When considering how to direct monetary policy, the Fed looks at both inflation and employment as rough gauges. In August 2024, Fed Chair Jerome Powell said at the annual Jackson Hole conference that inflation was coming under control but “the downside risks to employment have increased.”
The monthly job report has been slowing and coming below expectations. Numbers for February, released on Friday, March 7, were 151,000 new jobs. The consensus expectation of economists was 170,000. The January numbers, revised from the original report, were 125,000 when expectations were 169,000.
Because of the survey timing last month, the Trump administration’s major layoffs weren’t counted in the latest report, so the total results might have been much worse.
Furthermore, the administration’s actions were a signal to corporations, which cut many jobs last month, according to outplacement consultancy Challenger, Gray & Christmas. U.S.-based employers announced 172,017 job cuts last month. That’s the highest February total since 2009 and the highest monthly total since July 2020, during the pandemic, when 272,649 jobs cuts were announced. So far this year, employers announced a total of 221,812 cuts, the largest year-to-date figure since 2009 during the Great Recession. These figures do incorporate government reductions.
Signs already show consumers overall have already pulled back on their spending and that half of that general amount comes from the top 10% of earners, indicating concern about the current environment and its stability. The labor market is showing strain and indicates that all is not well with the economy."
43,2025-03-08,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
44,2025-03-08,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
45,2025-03-08,"We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Skincare Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Kenvue Inc...."
46,2025-03-08,"We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Skincare Stocks to Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Unilever..."
47,2025-03-08,"Written by: Kyle Prevost
What is the average stock market return?
It’s one of the most common questions that I get when I talk to an audience that is relatively new to investing.
What they often want to know is not the average stock market return, but a worst-case scenario stock market return. You can click here to skip ahead and see my graph that I created to show folks what the last 36 years have looked like.
But first, let’s clearly define what we’re talking about here. When I talk to folks who are new to investing, we first go over what exactly a stock and bond are – and then we learn what a stock market actually consists of. (A stock market is really just a fancy name for a place where you can buy and sell tiny pieces of companies.)
But from there it can actually get a bit tricky. The problem in trying to explain what the expected returns of the stock market are, is that “the stock market” is difficult to define. Most of the time when you see people write about “the stock market” they are specifically referring to the New York Stock Exchange – the largest single place to buy and sell stocks in the world. Other times they might be referring to the broader US stock market, which includes not only the NYSE, but also the NASDAQ, and lesser known markets such as the Investors Exchange (IEX).
In Canada, by far our biggest stock exchange (and the only one that matters to most investors) is Toronto Stock Exchange – or TSX. Technically, there are also smaller exchanges such as the Montreal Stock Exchange and the Alberta Stock Exchange, but they don’t have any large companies that most Canadians are familiar with. 
So when we talk about Canadian stock market returns, we’re really talking about stocks on the Toronto Exchange. But even then, it’s difficult to be precise. The group of stocks most people would refer to as “The Canadian Stock Market” are probably the 60 biggest stocks on the Toronto Stock Exchange – commonly called the TSX 60 Index (or just TSX 60). However, it can also be used to talk about the larger S&P/TSX Composite Index.
The S&P/TSX Composite Index is the biggest 240-ish (at the moment it’s 237, but it varies) largest companies on the Toronto Stock Exchange. While that might seem like a relatively small fraction of the 3,000+ companies that are listed on the TSX, they are so much bigger than the rest of the index, that the rest of the companies don’t really matter all that much in the grand scheme of things. And if those smaller companies do start to get bigger, they are then added into this index when they meet certain size and liquidity requirements.
Ok, so now we know that when we’re talking about “the stock market” it can mean a lot of things. We might be talking about just the US stock market (or even just a part of the US stock market). We might be referring to a collection of the biggest individual stock markets in the world. Or, for some of us, we might just be referring to the 60 biggest stocks in Canada – or my preference – using the S&P/TSX Composite Index. 
Once we’re clear on just what stocks we’re measuring, then we have to understand the difference between price return and total return.
Remember, you can make money from stocks in two ways:
1) You buy a stock at a lower price and then sell it at a higher price. This is called a capital gain.
2) You buy a stock and enjoy being an owner of a company. Many large companies pay out part of the profits to their owners every year. This profit money being paid to you is called a dividend.
Now, when we talk about an index or an entire stock market return, we’re usually referring to a group of stocks. A lot of the time if we were to look up historical stock returns, it will only show us the capital gains – or “price returns” – that we would’ve gotten, had we invested in that group of stocks at one time, and then sold it later. 
For example, if I invested in all of the stocks in the S&P/TSX Composite Index on January 1st 2021, and sold my stocks on December 31, 2021, I would have sold them for about 22% more than I paid for them. That’s the price return.
It’s actually pretty easy to buy or sell entire groups of stocks using ETFs. Check out our list of the Best ETFs in Canada for more details. But the more accurate statistic is the total return of a group of stocks. That’s what we get when we add the dividends we would have collected as owners of companies, to our price returns (that we would have got from buying and selling). After all, the total return is what you would have seen pop up in your online brokerage account – not just the price return.
Below you can see what your total return on investment would have been, had you invested in the S&P/TSX Composite Index in any given year since 1988. These are known as annualized returns. In other words, what the return you would have gotten if we divided it up over the number of years invested.
Now, I need to point out that while I created this chart myself (with the help of ChatGPT and data from S&P Global), I got the idea from an author named Ben Carlson. Ben is an American author who writes at AWealthOfCommonSense.com. He’s a smart guy and he recently published this post looking at US stock market returns. He also created this chart:
Here are some of the major takeaways of these two graphs:
1) There have been some really bad one-year periods in the stock market. In 2008 the Canadian stock market lost 32% of its value, while the US stock market lost 37%.
2) BUT – even if you started investing in that awful year of 2008, you’d still be doing pretty well. In the USA you’d have averaged a very solid 10% per year, and in Canada, a still-respectable 7% per year.
3) Another awful time to be an investor was in 2000-2002. The big tech bubble burst in the US, and their stock market actually saw a “lost decade” where your return over a 10-year stretch would have been 0-1%. Even in this situation though, if you had started investing during this worst-possible time in the last 31 years, you’d still have averaged 7% per year if you had held through to today. In Canada, we saw much less of a bubble, and so we skipped the “lost decade” on our way to a smoother 8% annualized return.
4) You can see why we have the rule of thumb that says, “Don’t put money in the stock market if you need it in the next 5 years.”
5) If you have a long enough time horizon, annualized returns start to inevitably return to the mean.
6) While the stock market returns for the TSX were less overall than the returns for US stocks, they also had less dramatic downturns. We see the longest period where we have negative annualized returns for Canadian stocks is 3 years, while the US suffered through that lost decade from 2000-2010.
7) 10-year annualized returns ranged from 5% to 14% on the TSX, and US stocks ranged from -1% to 17%. That’s an interesting overall look at the variability you have to be aware of when discussing historical stock market returns.8) Since the “Lost Decade” in the US, American stocks have been on an unbelievable tear. Any money you put to work in 2009-2020 has done fantastically well!
It’s worth noting that up until this point we’ve been discussing stock market returns in the context of a pure percentage increase – and not factoring in inflation. That type of non-inflation adjusted statistics is called a “nominal” number. Of course that’s not really how the real world works.
If we adjust stock market returns for inflation (subtracting how much inflation was during that time) we refer to the new inflation-adjusted statistic as “real”.
Rookies talk only nominal returns – pros look at real returns over the long term. 
The Credit Suisse Global Investment Returns Yearbook for looked back at the last 123 years of data and revealed:
Stocks have had a real annual return of 5%.
Bonds have had a real annual return of 1.7%
Jeremey Siegel recently updated his much-quoted book, called Stocks for the Long Run: The Definitive Guide to Financial Market Returns & Long-Term Investment Strategies. He points out:
Those real stock market return numbers are probably a more accurate way to think about long-term investment returns than talking about nominal “10% per year” type of numbers.
The ROI (return on investment of stocks) has averaged about 10% in the USA over the last 100 years, and about 9% in Canada. That said, the ROI depends on what time period you are measuring, as stocks have a relatively high level of variability over shorter time periods.
Stocks will almost certainly go up forever when we look over a long enough period of time. To put that statement another way, we could say, “the biggest companies in the world will continue to make more and more money, and own more and more assets – so then they’ll be worth more and the stock market will go up.” It sounds a little more plausible when we put it that way right? In the short term, people might panic and sell stocks, but over the long term, companies (as a group) are really good at making money.
The 50 year average return on the Toronto Stock Exchange is 10.3%.
The 20 year average return on the Toronto Stock Exchange is 8.1%.
The 10 year average return on the Toronto Stock Exchange is 8.6% as of the end of 2024.
The 5 year average return on the Toronto Stock Exchange is 10.9% as of the end of 2024.
You might hear someone say that the average stock market return of the last 100 years is 10%. A more accurate statement would be that the average nominal stock market return of the main US stock markets has been 10% over the last 100 years.
Canada’s is usually lower – depending what time period you use. We trail the US by a substantial amount over the last 10 years, and the same holds true over the last 20 years. Over the last 50 years Canada has actually posted an excellent 10.3% nominal return, whereas the US is over 13%! 
That said, the question of “typical” stock market returns is a little more nuanced than just a long term average. Remember that while 10% might be the average, in any given year the ROI could be vastly different from that long-term average. You can see from the above graph that the annual stock market return is usually much higher or much lower than 10%. 
I’d prefer to use a more accurate statement like, “If you invest in Canadian and American stocks and hold those stocks for 20+ years, then there is a very high probability that your average real return will be 5-6% – or 5-6% above inflation.
Anyone who tells you that they know what the next few years will look like for stock market returns is either dumb or lying. There is just no way to predict short-term stock market gyrations. But here’s some food for thought…
Look at the graph below and really try to think about how crazy some of these events are:
As crazy as I believe the Trump Tariffs and US Trade War are, and how much traffic our best investments for a recession article got couple of weeks ago, it’s key to keep it all in perspective. This isn’t a World War. This isn’t teh Cuban Missile Crisis. As highly as tech stocks are valued, they’re still not even close to what we were looking at in 2000.
A few things to think about over the next year as the stock market bounces all over the place:
The broader Canadian market (and our ever-popular Best Canadian Dividend Stocks) are actually up slightly for the year – despite the chaos.
US stocks hit an all-time high just a couple of weeks ago.
The VEQT ETF – which holds essentially all of the world’s stocks (with a tilt towards Canadian stocks) is actually up about 1% so far this year
So don’t panic. If you need the money in the next 5 years, you should be looking at a low risk investment. If you’re looking at longer-term goal, then remember that big companies are really really good at making money!
Sign up below to get a copy of our free eBook: Can I Retire Yet?
Thanks for subscribing! Please check your email for further instructions.

Δ

Δ
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Thank you Señor Prévost.  Conservatively using 7% above inflation, 20 year horizon, 100% equities in a diversified global ETF.  I have Dreams of Glory do I not? Always appreciate your articles.
Join more than 30,000 subscribers today
Thanks for subscribing! Please check your email for further instructions.
As Featured On
Globe and Mail
Toronto Star
Money Sense
CBC
Financial Post
Nerd Wallet
Forbes
The Street
© 2025 Million Dollar Journey. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
Get Your Free Can I Retire Yet eBook andJoin Our Million Dollar Journey Community!
Get Your Free Copy of Build Your Canadian Expat Pension
MDJ Email Updates
If you would like to have our latest posts emailed to you sign up below."
48,2025-03-08,"
Unless you own a gym, or have a huge family and a large space for all your members, you’ve probably never really thought about cloakroom furniture since it’s not something you need or maybe even want. What we’ve seen in real life and in movies and TV shows are mostly also not that appealing or are purely functional. But what if these items are designed in a way that would attract even those that don’t really want or need them? I may want to make space in my house just to have these pieces.
Designer: Dalform







Scandinavian design aesthetics have become staples in a lot of homes even outside the region tanks to brands like IKEA, ASPLUNS, and H&M Home. Dalform is another Swedish brand that may not be as popular since they have a niche market: those who need cloakroom or locker room furniture. So this means they sell to schools, hospitals, sport venues, gyms, and other businesses. But instead of the usual ones we see, their items come in colorful and aesthetic designs. 








Their cloakroom solutions include clothes compartments, hat shelves, benches, and shoe shelves. The powder-coated finishes are available in a wide range of colors so you don’t get stuck with the usual white, grays, or blacks. The doors are made from extra-strong steel plate or compact laminate  fitted with durable piano hinges. The storage cabinets are manufactured in Dalarna from Swedish quality steel from SSAB. Their standard designs have lacquered steel with birch melamine on wood surfaces, giving off a natural aesthetic. There are also options for different spaces like freestanding furniture or wall-mounted pieces.



Since the ones who would buy their cloakroom furniture are institutions, the products are meant to last for a long time. Dalform says that they offer “very low life cycle costs through high quality”. Dalform’s approach highlights a broader trend: the infusion of thoughtful design into everyday, often overlooked, spaces. By prioritizing both aesthetics and longevity, they’re demonstrating that even the most practical furniture can contribute to a positive and inspiring environment. This blend of form and function, characteristic of Scandinavian design, suggests that even if you don’t think you need cloakroom furniture, you might just want it – a testament to the power of well-crafted, visually appealing solutions. Dalform shows us that even the most institutional of spaces can be elevated with a touch of color, quality, and considered design.




Have you ever noticed how smartphone manufacturers boast about their incredible camera systems, yet the front-facing cameras always seem like an afterthought? While some phones…
I love it when a designer stops taking something for granted. A chair doesn’t HAVE to have four static legs. It could use three, maybe…
Working from home has helped abate long commutes and undue office distraction from our schedule, but it has eventually made us less social (if you…
More than a quarter of the world’s elderly population relies on assistive devices throughout the day to help with daily activities like cleaning, walking, and…
Elixir is a high-quality OLED desk lamp that can fold in three directions and be tucked down along the edge of a desk when not…
The pervasive minimalism trend in design has made many products, particularly furniture, almost too plain. Of course, there is beauty in simplicity and uniform colors,…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
49,2025-03-08,
50,2025-03-08,"ByMichael Foster

ByMichael Foster
, Contributor. 
Recession ahead - road sign warning concept
When it comes to the economy, we’re in a bit of a weird spot: The data tells us that, despite inflation fears, interest rates are likely to fall in the year ahead.
Falling rates point in one clear direction for us contrarian income-seekers: corporate bonds. Our preferred way to tap into them? Discounted closed-end funds with big dividend yields.
If investors know any corporate-bond CEFs at all, they probably know the PIMCO Dynamic Income Fund. It’s the biggest of the bunch, with a $5.1-billion market cap and a monster 13.3% yield.
With that in mind, PDI is a good gauge of investor interest in corporate-bond CEFs, and that interest is booming, as we’ll see in a moment.
First, though, with all the worry that tariffs will cause inflation, you’re probably wondering why I’m saying rates will drop in the coming months, so let’s square that circle first.
My reasoning here is in (small) part due to a drop in consumer confidence, indicating shoppers are indeed pulling back. And yes, that does raise the risk of a recession. Which, in turn, would lead to lower rates.
But the real reason for my call for falling rates is something much more concrete: pending home sales in America, which have pulled way back. (Note that falling rates mean rising bond prices, as bonds and rates move in opposite directions, like two ends of a teeter-totter)
The years-long slide means that now-pending home sales are lower than they were at their lowest point during the pandemic.
The reasons why are pretty clear: High interest rates and home prices stuck at pricey levels. While this can persist without causing an economic slowdown for a while, it can’t do so forever. Americans’ wealth is too tied up in the value of their home.
Falling home sales will likely pressure the Federal Reserve to cut rates, which would boost stocks and corporate bonds. So this is actually a tailwind for investors while also being an indicator of worsening economic times.
The key takeaway for us is that despite this disconnect between stocks and the economy, we need to be in the market, even if volatility is likely to increase (as it has been in recent weeks). But we also want to build on our stock holdings with other assets, and corporate bonds are a timely pickup now.
This chart suggests that the recession we’ve been waiting for since 2022 might indeed be around the corner.
GDP Forecast
With data now pointing to a GDP decline in the first quarter of 2025, it is clear there are more risks building up in the U.S. economy after years of inflation, alongside those stubbornly high house prices.
But there’s still plenty of good news, too. Unemployment is still very low, at 4%, and wages continue to grow, at a roughly 5% year-over-year pace.
In short, this tells us the economy may shrink in the first quarter of 2025, but consumers could still spend enough to turn things around.
Even so, the overall probability of a recession is trending up, while still staying at a relatively low level—and a much lower level than the EU and the U.K.
Recession Odds
With America’s economy the best of the bunch and the likelihood of recession still at a meager 25% percent, it’s time to be just a bit more cautious.
Economists call this “mid-cycle,” where we’re not recovering from a downturn (as in 2023 and 2024), but it’s not an obvious time to go on a stock-buying binge, either.
This is where corporate-bond CEFs come in, for three reasons.
This has already been happening.
With the corporate-bond market boasting high yields and stocks looking priced to perfection, the corporate-bond benchmark SPDR Bloomberg High Yield Bond ETF (JNK) is beating the S&P 500 in 2025, as I write this. That’s an incredibly rare (honestly, a better word would be “bizarre”) occurrence.
That is likely to continue if stock volatility keeps up, with investors looking for income and realizing the low default rates among these assets make them very compelling.
JNK is not your best option to capture this trend, however. CEFs are. The biggest of them, as mentioned, is PDI, and it tells the tale of CEF superiority here, tripling JNK’s performance since its inception back in 2012. That’s helped PDI’s assets under management balloon to $7 billion while the fund also pays out that 13.3% dividend.
That growth is key because it means PDI is attracting more attention to CEFs as a way to invest in high-yield bonds. That, in turn, is driving up demand for all corporate-bond CEFs. And that is causing their discounts to net asset value (NAV, or the value of their underlying portfolios) to shrink and, in an increasing number of cases, turn into premiums.
That’s another way of saying that already cheap bond CEFs are getting “less cheap” and boosting their total returns as that happens.
Michael Foster is the Lead Research Analyst for Contrarian Outlook. For more great income ideas, click here for our latest report “Indestructible Income: 5 Bargain Funds with Steady 8.6% Dividends.”
Disclosure: none"
51,2025-03-08,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
52,2025-03-08,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
53,2025-03-08,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
54,2025-03-08,"Each week, Quartz rounds up product launches, updates, and funding news from artificial intelligence-focused startups and companies.
Here’s what’s going on this week in the ever-evolving AI industry.
AI startup Anthropic raised a $3.5 billion Series E funding round this week, valuing itself at $61.5 billion. Lightspeed Venture Partners led the round, which also included Bessemer Venture Partners and General Catalyst. 
The investment will be used to develop the startup’s next-generation AI systems, Anthropic said. It will also go toward adding computing capacity, conducting research, and expanding the company globally.
The company recently released Claude 3.7 Sonnet, which it called its “most intelligent model to date and the first hybrid reasoning model on the market.” Anthropic also introduced Claude Code in a limited research preview.
AI startup Reflection AI came out of stealth this week and announced $130 million in funding, including a $25 million seed round led by Sequoia and CRV, and a Series A round of $105 million led by Lightspeed Venture Partners and CRV, Bloomberg reported.
The startup, co-founded by Misha Laskin and Ioannis Antonoglou — former researchers at Google DeepMind (GOOGL) — wants to build “superintelligent autonomous systems.”
“We believe that solving autonomous coding is the root node problem that will enable superintelligence more broadly,” the company said in a statement. “If you build a superintelligent autonomous coding system, all other verticals of computer-based work will follow.”
Microsoft (MSFT) announced Dragon Copilot this week, which it says is the first voice AI assistant for healthcare clinicians. It can help practitioners streamline work with its natural language voice dictation and ambient listening capabilities, aiding with tasks including documentation, information searches, and clinical evidence summaries, the company said.
Microsoft also introduced two new AI agents this week to help sales representatives:
Both AI agents will be available for public preview in Microsoft 365 Copilot and Microsoft 365 Copilot Chat in May, Microsoft said."
55,2025-03-08,"
1 hour ago


2 hours ago


2 hours ago


2 hours ago


2 hours ago


13 hours ago


15 hours ago


18 hours ago


13 hours ago


16 hours ago


Mar 19, 2025


Mar 18, 2025


18 hours ago


Mar 19, 2025


Mar 18, 2025


Mar 18, 2025


10 hours ago


13 hours ago


14 hours ago


18 hours ago


Mar 18, 2025


Mar 11, 2025


Mar 5, 2025


Mar 5, 2025


Mar 17, 2025


Feb 1, 2025


Jan 18, 2025


Jan 1, 2025


Mar 12, 2025


Mar 7, 2025


Mar 7, 2025


Feb 16, 2025


Mar 5, 2025


Feb 20, 2025


Feb 19, 2025


Jan 30, 2025


13 hours ago


15 hours ago


Mar 18, 2025


Mar 17, 2025


Feb 26, 2025


Feb 15, 2025


Jan 3, 2025


Dec 15, 2024


1 hour ago


10 hours ago


23 hours ago


Mar 18, 2025



Omer Dursun

Neowin
                ·
    

    Mar 8, 2025 04:46 EST
    

with 2 comments


The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has dropped a proposal that would have required Alphabet's Google to sell its investments in artificial intelligence (AI) companies, including OpenAI competitor Anthropic.
The DOJ and a coalition of 38 state attorneys general are still seeking a court order that would force Google to sell its Chrome browser and take other measures to address what a judge ruled was the company's illegal search monopoly.
While the DOJ is no longer actively pursuing the AI divestment proposal, it is requiring Google to provide the government with prior notice of any future investments in generative AI technology.
In a proposal, prosecutors said that evidence received since November showed that blocking Google from investing in AI could have ""unintended consequences"" in the evolving AI environment. However, they argued that ""the American dream is about higher values than just cheap goods and 'free' online services"" and that Google's conduct poses a ""genuine danger to freedom in the marketplace and to robust competition in our economy.""
The American dream is about higher values than just cheap goods and “free” online services. These values include freedom of speech, freedom of association, freedom to innovate, and freedom to compete in a market undistorted by the controlling hand of a monopolist. Google’s conduct presents genuine danger to freedom in the marketplace and to robust competition in our economy.
Google, which plans to appeal the case, has argued that the DOJ's approach would undermine its ability to compete in AI and threaten America's technological leadership. The tech giant has made its own proposal to loosen agreements with companies like Apple to be the default search engine on new devices.
The antitrust case against Google is one of several such lawsuits targeting major tech firms. Apple, Meta, and Amazon also face allegations of maintaining illegal monopolies in their respective markets.
Source: Reuters


Omer Dursun
                                                ·
                    
Feb 4, 2025

with
1
                            comment
                                                            





Omer Dursun
                                                ·
                    
Apr 9, 2024

with
3
                            comment
                                s
                                                            





John Callaham
                                                ·
                    
Feb 24, 2024

with
13
                            comment
                                s
                                                            





Omer Dursun
                                                ·
                    
Oct 24, 2023

with
1
                            comment
                                                            



Login or Sign Up to read and post a comment.
Please enter your reason for reporting this comment.

                                amd 9950x3d
                                

                                xiaomi 15
                                

                                south of midnight
                                

                                engwe mapfour n1 pro
                                

                                honor magic7 pro
                                

                                geekom a6
                                

                                amd 9070 xt
                                

                        google photos
                        

                        ublock origin in chrome
                        

                        chrome
                        

                        promo iphone 16e
                        

© Since 2000 Neowin®
                                    All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners.
                                "
56,2025-03-08,"
Despite the popularity of the brand, the design of Crocs footwear is pretty much an acquired taste. The numerous holes are a nightmare for people with trypophobia, and the plastic-like material used sometimes makes the clogs look rather cheap. That hasn’t stopped Crocs’ design becoming a icon to the point that other accessories try to adopt it, from bags to fashion items. And, of course, there’s no shortage of collaborations with other brands, like this upcoming design which is both sweet and a tad worrying.
Ditching the plain pastel colors commonly used by its classic clogs, this Haribo edition embodies what the confectionery company is best known for: gummy bears. Delightfully colorful and mouth-watering, this Goldbear footwear definitely looks like you’re wearing squishy candy on your feet. It’s definitely quite a sight, though it might also be a hazard for bug-eyed kids who wouldn’t know any better.
Designer: Crocs x Haribo







Of all the sweet jelly treats available in the market, gummy bears are perhaps one of the most loved around the world. Their bright colors, translucent bodies, and glossy surfaces delight not only children but also adults. You can see these squishy candies almost everywhere these days and there is almost no one who doesn’t know them, even if few are actually familiar with Haribo and its Goldbear mascot, the ones that started it all.







As if trying to remind people of the original gummy bear, Crocs and Haribo came together for a classic clog that looks almost as if it were made from the very same gummy material. The upper has a translucent green design, while the pivoting heel strap is a banana yellow with the Haribo brand attached on the outer sides for everyone to see. The sole sports a rainbow-like gradient that transitions from green to yellow to red, with shades of orange for the top and bottom surfaces.

Of course, the footwear is filled with that iconic gummy bear shape, almost literally. Embossed across the sole are dozens of these sweet ursines, but you’ll only notice them if you take a closer look. More conspicuous are the oversized gummy bear charms attached to the front of the upper, which includes one that’s still in its wrapper, so to speak. If there was any doubt about the candy-inspired design of these Crocs, these large gummies would settle any debate.


If those Goldbears that come with these $69.99 clogs aren’t enough, you can actually buy the charms separately for a $24.99 five-piece pack. Crocs fans who might not want to wear the same rainbow-colored footwear all the time can stick these charms onto regular clogs, announcing their love for the candies. In fact, these gummy bears might be a good way to cover up some of those holes, in case you’ve gotten tired of seeing through them or triggering other people’s phobias.

Have you ever noticed how smartphone manufacturers boast about their incredible camera systems, yet the front-facing cameras always seem like an afterthought? While some phones…
I love it when a designer stops taking something for granted. A chair doesn’t HAVE to have four static legs. It could use three, maybe…
Down jackets are fantastic insulators. They trap the warmth and retain heat, keeping us warm even in extreme weather conditions. But downs have adverse effects…
I’m an extremely superstitious person. I never walk beneath opened ladders, I avoid cracks in sidewalks, I knock on wood and I toss salt over…
Bvlgari is a brand known for fine jewellery and luxurious watches. It releases classic timepieces that are elegant and can be considered as must-haves for…
The Invert collection of concept jewelry takes subtlety to a whole new level! The series, which includes earrings, wrist band, necklace and rings was designed…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
57,2025-03-08,"Now what?
Produced by ElevenLabs and  News Over Audio (Noa) using AI narration. Listen to more stories on the Noa app.
Donald Trump wants to get back into the casino business. These days, the onetime owner of the infamous Taj Mahal casino is not interested in slot machines. He is set on a much newer kind of gambling: crypto. Yesterday, the president signed an executive order creating both a “Strategic Bitcoin Reserve” and a “Digital Asset Stockpile” made up of different kinds of cryptocurrencies. The bitcoin stockpile, which presumably will be the larger of the two, amounts to “a virtual Fort Knox for digital gold,” Trump said during a crypto summit at the White House earlier today. “‘Never sell your bitcoin.’ That’s a little phrase that they have. I don’t know if that’s right or not. Who the hell knows.”

There are reasons for governments to stockpile essential commodities. America has a Strategic Petroleum Reserve to protect against disruptions in the global oil market or for use during natural disasters or other emergencies. China’s strategic pork reserve helps the government keep prices stable, and South Korea recently had to pull from its strategic cabbage reserve during peak kimchi season. But a crypto reserve would serve none of these functions. The ostensible idea is that stockpiling crypto could help “drive economic growth and technological leadership,” as a fact sheet for the executive order states. But unlike oil or even cabbage, crypto does not serve the core functioning of society. It’s a volatile, highly speculative asset with little proven real-world application that regular old U.S. dollars can’t already account for. It’s hard to think of anything that would be less useful for America to stockpile.

“Strategic Bitcoin Reserve” is a lofty name for what Trump’s executive order actually has done: taking crypto the government already owns and counting it. Over the years, the United States has seized crypto assets as part of criminal and civil proceedings. The current value of bitcoin alone is estimated to be $17 billion. Why Trump seems set on pushing forward with this idea isn’t hard to see. The mere existence of something called a crypto reserve could benefit the president. Trump himself has gone all in on the crypto industry of late—even releasing his own memecoin, $TRUMP. On Sunday, he previewed his executive order on Truth Social: “I will make sure the U.S. is the Crypto Capital of the World,” he wrote. “We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!”

Many other powerful members of his administration have crypto ties. That includes David Sacks, a venture capitalist who is now Trump’s crypto and AI czar, and Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick. (Sacks has said he sold all crypto holdings prior to the start of the administration; Lutnick has agreed to divest his business interests by mid-May.) Elon Musk has previously indicated that he owns crypto assets, but hasn’t publicly addressed possible conflicts of interest since the crypto reserve was announced. I reached out to Musk, the White House, and the Department of Commerce for comment but did not hear back.

A government stockpile could boost crypto prices. In crypto-speak, the ethos of the industry is: “Number go up.” In plain English, that means pushing the price of crypto assets higher and higher. The way to do that is to find buyers who will pay more, a phenomenon sometimes called the “greater-fool theory.” Investing in something that is overvalued or intrinsically worthless might be the smart thing to do, if you can eventually find someone on whom to pawn it off at a higher price. A crypto reserve effectively turns the U.S. government into the next greater fool. Trump’s executive order also calls for the government to look into buying more bitcoin, a move that could push up the value of crypto. (Trump said that the actions taken to establish the new reserve would not cost taxpayers any money, but provided few details on how this would be achieved.)

Trump already has had an effect on crypto values. In his Truth Social announcement on Sunday, he named five coins that would be included in the stockpile: bitcoin, ether, solana, cardano, and XRP. This is exactly what you would not do if you wanted to efficiently and affordably assemble a government crypto reserve; naming the specific coins that the United States intends to later include in a stockpile should cause the prices to immediately spike. And that’s just what happened. The coins Trump mentioned shot up in value. Crypto holders had the chance to make a tidy profit selling off some of their coins—despite the fact that the stockpile in the end simply included bitcoin and all other crypto assets seized by the government, rendering the details in Trump’s posts moot.

Any government that trades in crypto raises concerns about how the currency could be used. Because crypto transactions can be done anonymously, they provide an almost unparalleled mechanism for bribery and corruption. Investing in crypto doesn’t mean a nation is using the currency as an illegal back door, but the problem is the difficulty in knowing if it were.

Now that the president has created a crypto reserve, he will want crypto prices to keep rising—otherwise the stockpile will be worthless. Driving the prices higher would require a steady stream of positive news. But the good news is already drying up, it seems. Trump’s executive order did not go over well with crypto traders, who were hoping that the government would do more than shift around the coins it owns: The price of bitcoin plummeted immediately after the order was announced.

At a certain point, even good news isn’t quite good enough. Buy the rumor; sell the news, as the old saying goes. Eventually, the U.S. government will be stuck with a bunch of crypto, searching for ways to drive the price higher and having no one to sell it to. If Trump keeps feeding the crypto hype machine, he may benefit—and the rest of us may be stuck with the bill."
58,2025-03-08,"
					By Andreas Wiseman 
Executive Editor, International & Strategy

	Box office record-breaker Ne Zha 2 is getting a UK/Ireland release via Trinity CineAsia.

	The film is being released in the UK later this month. We hear this deal could also include multiple other European territories. We’ve reached out to Trinity for comment.

Ne Zha 2 has become the highest-grossing animated film of all time worldwide, surpassing previous record holder Inside Out 2. It also sits within the top 10 on the global chart having taken a whopping $2BN global, the vast majority coming from China. 

	Directed by Yang Yu (aka Jiaozi), Ne Zha 2, the Chinese juggernaut was released in North America via CMC last month to the tune of $18.5M. Pic is loosely based on a classic Chinese myth and is set after the events of the previous 2019 film. It centers on the titular boy with magical powers and his friend Aobing as their souls are saved but their physical forms face dissolution. Aided by the immortal Taiyi Zhenren to reconstruct their bodies, the heroes face numerous challenges (including a bevy of sea monsters) as they attempt to overcome a crisis that threatens the existence of humankind.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	Earlier records set by the film from director Jiaozi include becoming the highest-grossing movie ever in a single market worldwide, the first movie ever to cross $1B in a single market and the first non-Hollywood movie to join the billion-dollar club.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
59,2025-03-08,"Business Insider Edition 
Trade-war angst, stagflation talk, and a rush to safe havens: the high-flying Trump trade has completely reversed.

        As US indexes sink deeper into the red this year, blame has fallen on President Donald Trump's tariffs, which have triggered macro-uncertainty and torn down the Samp;P 500.
    

        With a risk-off attitude sweeping investors, one question may be top-of-mind: when will the market feel the impact of Trump's pro-growth agenda?
    

        After all, the so-called ""Trump bump"" was spurred by bets that the new administration would be defined by deregulation and tax cuts, nurturing a pro-business environment that would uplift markets.
    

        This optimism helped pull the S&P up over 7% from November to mid-February. Financials and other sector beneficiaries rose even higher, as did crypto, a regulation-burdened asset.
    

        While markets gained, so did corporate sentiment. According to the EY Parthenon CEO Outlook Survey published in January, 56% of CEOs cited plans to actively pursue M&A activity through 2025, up from 37% in September.
    

        But two months into Trump's presidency deregulatory efforts don't seem to be moving quickly enough to satisfy the market. Instead, Washington's sudden protectionist pivot has gone further than anticipated, with on-again-off-again tariffs on Canada and Mexico sending investors fleeing risk assets.
    

        To Michael Reynolds, vice president of investment strategy at Glenmede, an extreme tariff scenario could cancel out the boost to GDP stemming from higher business activity amid less regulation.
    

        Other parts of Trump's agenda are also being questioned.
    

        Consider the IPO market. While positive corporate sentiment led to Goldman Sachs' prediction of a coming IPO ""supercycle, it's yet to materialize.
    

        JPMorgan wrote in January that it found no evidence that Trump's win spurred higher corporate activity, with the fourth-quarter pace of IPOs remaining low by historical standards.
    

        ""People often look for a little bit of certainty on what government policy looks like before they start making big commitments like going public or engaging with M&A, and we have the feeling that a lot of C-suites are waiting for the dust to settle on what terms of trade look like,"" Reynolds said.
    

        These trends might not be helped by the fact that Washington's anti-trust arm is staying consistent with the previous administration's close scrutiny of corporate mergers. Dealmakers already seem let down by Trump's antitrust nominee for the Department of Justice, Gail Slater, another Big Tech skeptic.
    

        Even in areas where Trump has already pushed his deregulatory agenda, there's little to show for it in the market. A loosening of enforcement in the crypto industry hasn't translated into lasting upside for digital assets.
    

        Even as Trump got rid of restrictive regulation of crypto banking and dropped legal cases against major firms, bitcoin is still down 4.3% year-to-date.
    

        None of this says that the administration is waving off campaign pledges, only that policy sequencing matters. While markets are taking on tariff pains first, many still expect regulatory changes to buoy asset prices later in the year.
    

        ""We're only up to 50 days as a new administration, and there are review processes for taking existing regulations off the board,"" Reynolds told BI. ""It doesn't seem like we're getting a lot of new regulations, which, in and of itself, is a bit of a reprieve from the prior administration.""
    

        Glenmede expects the coming deregulatory boost to provide a modest tailwind to growth and highlighted that small-caps stand to benefit most from changing rules.
    

        Bank of America, in a note, also suggested that investors stay bullish on this theme and recommended investing in sectors most hard-hit by stringent regulation, including consumer discretionary, commodities, transport, and capital goods.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
60,2025-03-08,"We recently compiled a list of the 10 Hot AI News Updates Analysts are Monitoring. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc..."
61,2025-03-08,"Former Canadian Deputy Prime Minister Chrystia Freeland said Friday on CNN’s “Anderson Cooper 360” that President Donald Trump’s tariff plans for Canada were the “dumbest” in history.
Freeland said, “There have been more flip-flops than we can keep track of here in Canada. But what we do know is, you know, the prime minister is right the Wall Street Journal is right, these are the dumbest tariffs in history. This is utterly self-mutilating. It’s really a perverse approach, Anderson, because America is hurting itself, moving in this direction.”
She continued, “The president is killing the U.S. stock market. Your stock market is actually performing worse than the stock market in Europe or in Canada. You’re going to raise the prices on gas. You’re going to raise the prices on groceries. You’re going to make electricity more expensive. And all for what reason? Because Canadians aren’t nice enough. I mean, come on, this is just utterly absurd. America is hurting itself.”
Freeland added, “The end result has been to do something which is really hard to do antagonize Canadians. There is this wave of patriotism in Canada right now, the likes of which I have never seen in my life. We started off being really hurt by this because we know that we are really good friends to you, really good neighbors. We know that so much of America’s prosperity has been built on the foundation of having Canada, the best neighbor in the world, to your north. But now, I would say Canadians are getting really angry.”
Follow Pam Key on X @pamkeyNEN
Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.
  
 
 








Copyright © 2025 Breitbart"
62,2025-03-08,
63,2025-03-08,"

Although Stanley Kubrick was well-respected in his time, he didn't win as many Oscars as you'd probably think. Sure, he received Best Director nominations for ""Dr. Strangelove,"" ""2001: A Space Odyssey,"" ""A Clockwork Orange,"" and ""Barry Lyndon,"" but he didn't win any of those. One of his most acclaimed movies, ""The Shining,"" didn't even receive any Oscar nods at all. (The Razzie awards, on the other hand, were happy to ""honor"" the film, which says more about the Razzies than Kubrick's horror classic.)
Kubrick's only Oscar win was for Best Special Visual Effects for his 1968 sci-fi film, ""2001: A Space Odyssey."" The movie competed against ""Ice Station Zebra,"" an espionage thriller starring Rock Hudson that released to mixed reviews and a middling box office performance. If the Academy had some sort of grudge against Kubrick, as some fans of his suspect, they still couldn't deny that ""A Space Odyssey"" deserved the win here; even more than half a century later, the movie looks fantastic.
What must've sealed the movie's win in this category was the Star Gate sequence in the final act, where David (Keir Dullea) witnesses a nine-minute sequence of trippy lights. To make this scene work, Kubrick's ""2001"" collaborator Douglas Trumbull had to invent a special ""slit-scan"" machine, which would later be used in shows like ""Doctor Who"" and ""Star Trek."" With a sequence this visually stunning, there was simply no way the Academy could avoid recognizing the movie in this category.


""2001"" was also nominated for Best Original Screenplay, but lost out this time to Mel Brooks' ""The Producers."" I think this decision's pretty understandable, given how dialogue-light Kubrick's film was compared to ""The Producers,"" but not everyone agreed. Critic Giles M. Fowles wrote in the ceremony's aftermath, ""I can think of only one all-out travesty — the selection of 'The Producers' as best original screenplay. It was a very funny sketch, but clumsily ill-suited to its medium.""
Meanwhile, Kubrick lost that year's Best Director race to Carol Reed, who won for ""Oliver!"" (the British period musical drama based on the Charles Dickens novel, ""Oliver Twist""). ""Oliver!"" also won Best Picture that year, a category ""2001"" was excluded from entirely. In hindsight, this seems like the obvious wrong choice, given how much more widely ""2001: A Space Odyssey"" is remembered today. But even at the time, some critics seemed pretty disappointed by this outcome. As Giles M. Fowles wrote in an article after the ceremony:
""Perhaps the worst blow from my standpoint, was the choice of Carol Reed as best director. Reed cannot be faulted for his work, which was excellent, but he did not approach the stunning inventiveness of Kubrick in '2001.' [...] I hereby swear not to give the Academy awards another thought or watch them again, ever. Until next year.""
Kubrick himself never seemed to care much for awards, however. When he won his Oscar for the visual effects in ""2001,"" he wasn't even there at the ceremony to pick it up. Fans can debate what movie Kubrick deserved to win the Best Director Oscar for, but the actual filmmaker simply never put a lot of stock into how his pictures were received in the period immediately after their release. As he once put it during an interview with film critic Michel Ciment:
""From the very beginning, all of my films have divided the critics. Some have thought them wonderful, and others have found very little good to say. But subsequent critical opinion has always resulted in a very remarkable shift to the favorable. [...] But, of course, the lasting and ultimately most important reputation of a film is not based on reviews, but on what, if anything, people say about it over the years, and on how much affection for it they have."""
64,2025-03-08,"In case you missed it, Apple announced two new iPads, the M3 iPad Air, and the new iPad 11th generation. As an iPad first user, these iPads just add to the excitement because they allow you to get even more power for at a cheaper price point! Another nice asp…"
65,2025-03-08,
66,2025-03-08,
67,2025-03-08,
68,2025-03-08,
69,2025-03-08,"We recently compiled a list of the 10 Stocks Trade Weaker on Disappointing News. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Samsara Inc. (NYSE:IOT..."
70,2025-03-08,Why the latest report is giving job hunters the jitters: longer stretches of unemployment and more part-time work.
71,2025-03-08,"
As you can see from the screengrab above used Sony A1II cameras are currently being sold for nearly $10,000 on Amazon (Click here). No US or European store has any A1II in Stock right now: BHphoto, Amazon, Adorama, BestBuy, FotoErhardt, FotoKoch, Calumet, WexUK, Clifton, CameraPro. Sony Australia. And according to latest Adorama info the camera will ship out in May only if you reorder it today.
PetaPixel had a chat with Sony manager Masaaki Oshima at the CP+ show. He said:
Professional photographers love our evolution from the original Alpha 1 to the Alpha 1 Mark II. We can’t deliver enough of them.
Sony told PetaPixel that much of the camera’s popularity comes down to its reliability, and that means not only reliability in terms of its build quality and operability, but its performance. “That’s why we think the a1 II is a hit to the right creators,” Oshima explained. The “right creators,” in this case, are photographers for whom a series of relatively minor improvements add up to a massive change. The sum is greater than the parts. Even though Sony thinks highly of its flagship camera, as the company should, it was surprised by how much photographers valued the a1 II’s upgrades. Demand was “a lot more” than expected.
My take on the A1II and future A7V:
First of all, I am surprised that the demand is so high. When the camera was launched in November, many people complained that it was only a small improvement on the original Sony A1. But apparently the professionals are interested in the many small improvements that have been made to this generation. Perhaps this will convince Sony to do the same with the future Sony A7V: Keep the same sensor and incorporate the same improvements as the Sony A1II: New body, new AI chip and so on. Will that be good enough for the market?
Also, the fact that the Sony A1II is in high demand is another reason why Sony will wait to introduce the new A7V. Until they can make enough Sony A1IIs, it makes no sense to make things worse and launch a new A7V, which will probably be in even higher demand than the A1II.
What do you think about it? Did you expect the Sony A1II to be such a great sales success?
 
 
Click here to share a rumor or news anonymously!
Check your inbox or spam folder now to confirm your subscription.
        
 
sonyalpharumors@gmail.com
**This page contains affiliate links and I will be compensated if you make a purchase after clicking through my links.
SonyAlphaRumors is participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
SonyAlphaRumors is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.de, Amazon.es, Amazon.it, Amazon.fr
Disclaimer: SonyAlphaRumors has no affiliation with any of the equipment manufacturers mentioned on this site. Please visit their official websites by typing the specific brand name and adding .com after it in your browser. All trademarks and brands belong to their respective owners.
Here is the definition of the word “rumor” according to Merriam Webster dictionary:
Pronunciation: \ˈrü-mər\
Function: noun
Etymology: Middle English rumour, from Anglo-French, from Latin rumor clamor, gossip; akin to Old English rēon to lament, Sanskrit rauti he roars
Date: 14th century
1: talk or opinion widely disseminated with no discernible source
2: a statement or report current without known authority for its truth
3 archaic : talk or report of a notable person or event
—-
Content Copyright If you want to use any image from this website you have to ask for permission. You cannot copy more than 20 words from any of our posts. And you have to define the source with “Source: SonyAlphaRumors.com” (working link).
Read the full SonyAlphaRumors privacy and cookie policy by clicking here.
As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.
RUMOR= Rumor I got from more solid sources  (51-90% it’s correct)
WILD RUMOR= Totally unverified and therefore unreliable rumor (10-50% chance it’s correct)"
72,2025-03-08,"The gaslighting from the liars on Fox trying to deflect the damage Trump is doing to the economy onto Biden continues. We've watched this nonsense from Newt Gingrich, Larry Kudlow and countless others, and this Friday it was Maria Bartiromo and Charles Payne's turn.
As Mediaite reported, this was just ahead of the jobs report they knew was going to be awful being released during a week where Trump already tanked the stock market with his idiotic trade war and wobbling threats on tariffs.

CHARLES PAYNE: We are already in a labor crisis and we don’t see it on the front end. You won’t see it on Thursdays initial jobless claims. You see it through attrition. People are leaving work and no one is being hired. And that’s what ADP also backed up.

Also, hours work hours are getting longer and wage growth is getting slower. That’s where the labor crisis is going to show up. And that’s where it’s going to start to hurt us.
And I think already the street’s looking at three rate cuts this year. Maybe [Jay] Powell says something that makes him think that could be the more. Between the jobs report and Powell’s comments. We could even see even more, because that’s going to be one of the things that pulls this market out of out of a tailspin.
MARIA BARTIROMO: Yeah, but if you’re expecting three rate cuts that look, if we get three rate cuts by the fed, that means you’re talking about a dire financial situation. You’re talking about recession! Three rate cuts– recession!
CHARLES PAYNE: Right now with with just 10% of the population buying 50% of the goods and all of the so-called excess cash. Long gone from the bottom bottom, you know, 75% of this country, most people are already in a recession. Most people have been in a recession. And when I went to the polls in November, they were in a recession.
So a lot of this stuff doesn’t show up in official data. Almost every economic data point that we use needs to be rejiggered. And relooked at.
The GDP number that do you why why do we even talk about U3 when we should be looking at the U6 employment number? Almost everything that we use to measure our economy is so way off that there’s a massive disconnect between Wall Street economists and Main Street, and that’s why you get the things that we got in November.
MARIA BARTIROMO: All right. We’ll see if Joe Biden’s recession shows up. 

For over 20 years we have been exposing Washington lies and untangling media deceit, but social media is limiting our ability to attract new readers. Please give a one-time or recurring donation, or buy a year's subscription for an ad-free experience. Thank you.
To become an ad-free subscriber please select one of the following two options. Once you click your selected plan a window will open taking you to Admiral, our ad-free partner.
If you don't mind the ads and would rather donate, please select one of the options below:"
73,2025-03-08,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
74,2025-03-08,"Tight end Mike Gesicki will not hit the open market. 
According to multiple reports, Gesicki has agreed to a three-year deal to stay with the Bengals. 
The initial reports indicate the contract is worth $25.5 million. 
Gesicki is No. 81 on PFT’s list of the top 100 free agents in 2025.
Gesicki, 29, signed a one-year deal with Cincinnati last offseason. He ended up being a key piece of the team’s offense, catching 65 passes for 665 yards with two touchdowns.
Appearing in all 17 games, Gesicki was on the field for 46 percent of the team’s offensive snaps.
A Dolphins second-round pick in 2018, Gesicki has played 115 games with 44 starts for Miami, New England, and Cincinnati. He has only missed one regular-season game in his career, which occurred in 2020.
He has 325 career receptions for 3,526 yards with 22 TDs.
A Division of NBCUniversal.
DISCLAIMER: This site and the products offered are for entertainment purposes only, and there is no gambling offered on this site. This service is intended for adult audiences. No guarantees are made for any specific outcome. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, please call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Ⓒ 2024 NBC Universal"
75,2025-03-08,Android 16 beta users have encountered some catastrophic bugs
76,2025-03-08,"Tariffs Could Help Him by Hurting Rivals More?

 
 
 
 (Top headline, 2nd story, link)

 

 

 
 Related stories:Anger at Musk turns violent with molotov cocktails and gunfire at TESLA lots...
Elon Making Republicans Sweat and Giving Dems New Target..."
77,2025-03-08,"

Home > Piracy > 


 
                    New research on ad-funded piracy centers on manga site Tu Manga Online (TMO). After switching to a new domain 'zonatmo.com' around September last year, it took just 90 days to transform a new start into half a billion visits per month.  According to the research, the site's revenue generating scheme is an open secret. Yet, for unknown reasons, nobody tries to stop it.
        




Tranco publishes an updated ranking list of a million domains every day. 
In today’s report the usual suspects dominate the top slots –  google.com, microsoft.com, mail.ru and facebook.com. After scrolling through a 22mb .csv, monosurveys.com eventually completes the million.
Zonatmo.com can be found at #1576 but, until this week, the domain had yet to appear on our radar. During a brief visit to the site lasting less than 20 seconds, there were two attempts to redirect us to well-known malicious IP addresses registered to a host in the UK. That raises immediate questions over the domain’s insane level of traffic and why millions of visitors just keep going back.
According to research conducted by DeepSee.io CEO Rocky Moss, Zonatmo.com is no ordinary domain. First and foremost it presents as a manga piracy site, and a very successful one too. In November 2024, Zonatmo and affiliated sites together generated a cool one billion views, all the more impressive for a domain that made its debut just 90 days earlier.
Moss says that Zonatmo is the latest new domain for a platform called Tu Manga Online, a manga content directory aimed at the Spanish-speaking market. Before Zonatmo.com, the site reportedly used Visortmo.com, lectormanga.com, and before that, lectortmo.com. Other domains are involved too.
“When we talk about piracy that’s supported by programmatic display / videos ads, we’re often talking about traffic laundering. In a laundering scheme, there are two classes of domains involved,” Moss explains.
• Directories: when you type in something like ‘watch free movies,’ or ‘read manga online,’ chances are you’ll be taken to a directory. These are sites that connect you to the pirated content you’d like to consume. They are often easy to find using search (by necessity; they have to change domain names often)
• Laundering fronts: These appear as ‘clean’ when you visit them directly, but are usually actively managed by the folks behind the directories. They have hidden behaviors that only present themselves if you visit via some prescribed source (the directory). These sites are often able, for at least a short time, to monetize using CPM based ad products [advertisers pay a fixed rate per thousand impressions] such as display / video / audio ads.”
Moss says this scheme has been running for years and over that time, 112 domains have been used to launder site traffic, typically with one or two dozen active at a time.
To show that these domains are all linked to the same business, Moss says that a key signal is when domains share 100% of their ads.txt files with each other; in this case, those files have around 15K lines. Further support of collaboration can sometimes be found in joined privacy policies. 
That’s where another unusual feature becomes evident; there appears to be little or no effort to obscure the name of the company or people involved. Moss describes Nakamas Web SL as a Spanish company responsible for both the main manga site and the ‘clean’ front sites.
“Clearly Nakamas Web has found a roster of managers / sales houses / resellers who don’t look too closely at the quality of the inventory they bring to buyers, and thus they’ve had luck laundering their traffic for years,” he notes.
“At a high level, it appears the site operators have had to adapt every few months, or every year at least, in order to find a new roster of sellers who don’t know/care about the way their traffic is sourced.”
Moss goes into considerable detail on the various players involved and specifics relevant to the advertising market. Those details include whether various rules may have been skirted or ignored, and how certain scenarios may have helped the scheme to last for so long. 
Links to the research, an explanatory video, and a fairly hefty spreadsheet, can be found below. That leaves the big question; is a scheme like this profitable and if so, what’s the best estimate?
In broad terms, the formula takes the billion views generated in November across all sites, and factors in a 50% ad-blocking rate. Based on two ad units per a page and an industry hunch here and there, Moss emerges with a conservative estimate of $200,000 per month revenue. He does concede, however, that it could be ten times that amount.
“[We could be] talking tens of millions, certainly some of that goes to server costs and they have to, you know, always be rotating their demands. It’s not trivial to do this but clearly the juice is worth the squeeze,” he adds.
“It’s been going for years and it has not been stopped so what is it with this ‘Open Secret’ and why is allowed to thrive? My projection is that by the end of the year, it will not.”
The research is available here and the spreadsheet here.

Piracy
Piracy
Anti-Piracy
Submit a correction or tip.






Breaking news stories
Social media followers
RSS subscribers

Copyright
            
            ·                                    Privacy Policy
            
            ·                                    VPN Providers
            
            ·                                    About TorrentFreak
"
78,2025-03-08,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
79,2025-03-08,"St Patrick's Day is associated with its fair share of traditions, from wearing a sprig of shamrock, to attending a church service, to sipping one (or several) pints of stout.
For politicians from the island of Ireland, there's one other annual tradition - a visit to Washington DC.
Every March, dozens of people including politicians, businesspeople, and lobbyists from the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland descend on the capital of the United States.
This year, a number of Northern Ireland politicians are refusing to make the trip over Donald Trump's policies.
But what is the point of the events in the week running up to St Patrick's Day? And if they didn't happen, would anyone back home notice any difference?
Two of the main things that governments in Dublin and Belfast - as well as businesses - want to see come out of the trips, are US investment and strong trading relationships.
Two men who have been to Washington several times as part of St Patrick's Day events say there is no doubt the trips deliver results.
Steve Aiken took part in St Patrick's Day trips as the chief executive of the British-Irish Chamber of Commerce, and later as leader of the Ulster Unionist Party.
The Stormont assembly member said it was impossible to build relationships and to improve business and political ties without meeting face to face.
""It is all about the ability to talk to people you do not normally get the chance to talk to,"" he said.
""As we learned during Covid, doing business over Zoom is not really doing business.
""You need to be in a room to do it, and if you want to influence you have to be there to talk the talk; you cannot do it from 3,500 miles away.""
Aiken said that contrary to what the perception might be, it was not ""a holiday"".
""You need to be over your brief and able to talk authoritatively and you need to have the answers to those questions – and you will be asked lots of questions and you will have a lot thrown at you,"" he said.
Former Sinn Féin politician Máirtín Ó Muilleoir knows about both the benefits of being in the room and the disappointment of missing out.
The publisher of the Irish Echo attended the White House twice in that role, but did not travel to Washington during his time as Northern Ireland's finance minister, after the Stormont Executive collapsed two months before the 2017 festivities.
He said the mood in the United States in the run-up to St Patrick's Day made it the ideal time for Irish politicians and businesses to make their pitch.
""You think of the biggest companies in the US, they will all have promotions linked to St Patrick's Day,"" he said.
""You will go to a city in the US where there will be adverts everywhere.
""That means they are already doing some of the work for you.""
He said he believed there would be a major financial services announcement for Belfast in the coming days. 
One of the eye-catching parts of the St Patrick's Day schedule in Washington is when the taoiseach (Irish prime minister) hands over a bowl of shamrock to the US president in the Oval Office.
It is a tradition that dates back to 1952 and was part of a move by the Irish ambassador at the time to improve relations between the two countries after they had soured over Ireland's neutrality in World War Two.
The tradition has continued and is an opportunity for the leader of a country as small as the Republic of Ireland to meet the US president face to face.
Apart from helping to develop a positive relationship between the Republic of Ireland, Northern Ireland and the United States, it is slightly harder to pin down direct outcomes from the yearly visits - after all, there is a lot more to the relationship than just St Patrick's Day.
In the 1990s, in particular, the visits were seen as important in the process that eventually led to the signing of the Good Friday Agreement in 1998, which largely ended the worst of three decades of violence known as the Troubles.
In 1995, the then Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams attended the White House - a year after President Bill Clinton intervened to grant him a US visa  - a move opposed by the UK government. 
Five years later, and two years after the 1998 Belfast Agreement, Adams posed for photos at the White House with President Clinton and then UUP leader David Trimble - a reflection of how times had changed.
Both Aiken and Ó Muilleoir say the visits are key for investment and US jobs in Northern Ireland.
In 2024 there were 285 US firms in Northern Ireland employing 31,915 people - up from 140 firms and 21,270 employees in 2010.
But Esmond Birnie, senior economist at Ulster University, said a direct link could not be drawn.
""It is impossible to quantify whether these political visits actually lead to investment or sales, so you cannot really prove it one way or another,"" he said.
""On balance, the benefits are likely to be smaller than the fundamentals of training, skills, innovation and productivity and so forth.""
Dr Birnie said factors such as Northern Ireland's location in both the UK and the European single market, relatively low labour costs and relatively low-level and unobtrusive regulations by continental European standards all made US companies keen to invest.
There was once a time when Irish-Americans were prominent at the top of US politics, with figures such as Senator Teddy Kennedy and House of Representatives Speaker Tip O'Neill promoting Irish interests in the corridors of power.
This was partly the result of years of high levels of emigration from Ireland to the US - the 1930 US census recorded 923,600 residents who were born on the island of Ireland. 
By the turn of the century that had fallen to 169,600.
The end of the Troubles also meant fewer headlines about Northern Ireland.
""One of the problems every politician or influencer from the island of Ireland has – north or south – is to keep people interested in what is going on,"" Aiken said.
""With everything else going on in the world, we are quite far down the list.""
Ó Muilleoir, however, said Ireland still had a privileged position in the US.
""I once met the consul of Switzerland in Manhattan and I was bemoaning the sense we did not have as much influence in New York anymore,"" he said 
""He said he had walked from Wall Street to Central Park and every block he saw an Irish flag – but he did not see any Swiss flags.""
Sinn Féin is boycotting events this year over President Donald Trump's stance on the Israel-Gaza conflict, meaning Northern Ireland First Minister Michelle O'Neill, the party's deputy leader, will not be present.
The Social Democratic and Labour Party also said it would not attend if invited, and the Alliance Party is taking a similar stance.
Deputy First Minister Emma Little-Pengelly, of the Democratic Unionist Party, has said she will go to Washington DC, saying it was important to ""maintain long and rewarding"" relationships with the US.
Ó Muilleoir said politicians had to weigh up the pros and cons.
""This is probably the most difficult time to be in the White House on St Patrick's,"" he said.
""We are not the only people with moral dilemmas; it is for everybody to make their own choice.""
The US president says peace efforts are ""very much on track"", a day after Russia's president declined to agree a full ceasefire.
The University of Pennsylvania says it has not been told of the plan to block $175m in federal funding. 
The first reception to mark St Patrick's Day has been held at Downing Street.
Experts praised a move towards transparency, but there are no major revelations in the documents - and some still have yet to be released.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
80,2025-03-08,"Coast wanted.
Frontier's first Unlocked livestream of 2025 has unveiled what Planet Coaster 2 players can expect when Updates 3 and 4 roll out over the next couple of months.
Update 3 - expected to go live on 20th March - includes a new tutorial and Act 1 Career levels coming in Sandbox Mode, random rotation and scaling for scenery items, the return of the Vector Inverting Suspended coaster from the original Planet Coaster game, improved staff and guest behaviour, and ""a bucket-load of flume improvements"".
That's not all, either - Update 3 also brings the ""highly-requested"" return of the Western theme.
As for Update 4? Frontier's still being coy, but so far it's revealed players will able to build their own restaurants in which you'll have to ""satisfy multiple guest needs and tolerances"", Frontier Workshop extra features such as a Featured Creators list, alerts, and a What's Hot list, plus career maps in Sandbox mode in Act 2.
Check out our updated Spring Roadmap! 🤩📆We shared more details of what's to come in February's Frontier Unlocked! 🔓🔗 https://t.co/6iikPaEXxi pic.twitter.com/f58kF8asjG
We can also expect stock coasters (part 3), an as-yet-unannounced additional ride, plus ""franchise mode improvements"" and ""ongoing stability and performance enhancements"". Expect more details as we get closer to April.
The theme park sim sequel received its first major free update back in December, alongside its first paid DLC, whilst February introduced new features like custom video billboards, custom speakers, synchronised coasters, and interchangeable coaster cars.
""Planet Coaster 2's flexible creation tools are as compulsive as ever, but the fun butts up against an exhausting UI, uninspired management gameplay, and conspicuous content gaps that feel like cynical spaces for DLC,"" Matt wrote in the Eurogamer Planet Coaster 2 review, awarding it 2 out of 5 stars.

        Eurogamer is better when you sign in
      

        Join our community of gamers and get access to personalised reading recommendations and much more!
      
Eurogamer.net is owned by Gamer Network Limited, an IGN Entertainment company and subsidiary of Ziff Davis.
  © 2025 Gamer Network Limited, 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. Company number 03882481.
All rights reserved. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission."
81,2025-03-08,
82,2025-03-08,
83,2025-03-08,
84,2025-03-08,"We recently published a list of 11 Stocks That Will Go to the Moon According to Reddit. In this article, we are going to take a look at where NVIDIA Corp..."
85,2025-03-08,"Use your smart TV's USB ports for media transfer, extra control options, and more"
86,2025-03-08,One of the biggest names in free agency is off the market.
87,2025-03-08,"
					I shared a controversial take the other day at an event and I decided to write it down in a longer format: I’m afraid AI won't give us a ""compressed 21st century"".
				

					The ""compressed 21st century"" comes from Dario's ""Machine of Loving Grace"" and if you haven’t read it, you probably should, it’s a noteworthy essay. In a nutshell the paper claims that, over a year or two, we’ll have a ""country of Einsteins sitting in a data center”, and it will result in a compressed 21st century during which all the scientific discoveries of the 21st century will happen in the span of only 5-10 years.
				

					I read this essay twice. The first time I was totally amazed: AI will change everything in science in 5 years, I thought! A few days later I came back to it and while re-reading I realized that much of it seemed like wishful thinking.
				
  
					What we'll actually get, in my opinion, is “a country of yes-men on servers” (if we just continue on current trends) but let me explain the difference with a small part of my personal story.
			

					I’ve always been a straight-A student. Coming from a small village, I joined the top French engineering school before getting accepted to MIT for PhD. School was always quite easy for me. I could just get where the professor was going, where the exam's creators were taking us and could predict the test questions beforehand.
			

					That’s why, when I eventually became a researcher (more specifically a PhD student), I was completely shocked to discover that I was a pretty average, underwhelming, mediocre researcher. While many colleagues around me had interesting ideas, I was constantly hitting a wall. If something was not written in a book I could not invent it unless it was a rather useless variation of a known theory. More annoyingly, I found it very hard to challenge the status-quo, to question what I had learned. I was no Einstein, I was just very good at school. Or maybe even: I was no Einstein in part *because* I was good at school.
			

					History is filled with geniuses struggling during their studies. Edison was called ""addled"" by his teacher. Barbara McClintock got criticized for ""weird thinking"" before winning a Nobel Prize. Einstein failed his first attempt at the ETH Zurich entrance exam. And the list goes on.
			

					The main mistake people usually make is thinking Newton or Einstein were just scaled-up good students, that a genius comes to life when you linearly extrapolate a top-10% student.
			

					This perspective misses the most crucial aspect of science: the skill to ask the right questions and to challenge even what one has learned. A real science breakthrough is Copernicus proposing, against all the knowledge of his days -in ML terms we would say “despite all his training dataset”-, that the earth may orbit the sun rather than the other way around.
			

					To create an Einstein in a data center, we don't just need a system that knows all the answers, but rather one that can ask questions nobody else has thought of or dared to ask. One that writes 'What if everyone is wrong about this?' when all textbooks, experts, and common knowledge suggest otherwise.
			

					Just consider the crazy paradigm shift of special relativity and the guts it took to formulate a first axiom like “let’s assume the speed of light is constant in all frames of reference” defying the common sense of these days (and even of today…)
			

					Or take CRISPR, generally considered to be an adaptive bacterial immune system since the 80s until, 25 years after its discovery, Jennifer Doudna and Emmanuelle Charpentier proposed to use it for something much broader and general: gene editing, leading to a Nobel prize. This type of realization –""we've known XX does YY for years, but what if we've been wrong about it all along? Or what if we could apply it to the entirely different concept of ZZ instead?” is an example of out-side-of-knowledge thinking –or paradigm shift– which is essentially making the progress of science.
			

					Such paradigm shifts happen rarely, maybe 1-2 times a year and are usually awarded Nobel prizes once everybody has taken stock of the impact. However rare they are, I agree with Dario in saying that they take the lion’s share in defining scientific progress over a given century while the rest is mostly noise.
			

					Now let’s consider what we’re currently using to benchmark recent AI model intelligence improvement. Some of the most recent AI tests are for instance the grandiosely named ""Humanity's Last Exam"" or ""Frontier Math"". They consist of very difficult questions –usually written by PhDs– but with clear, closed-end, answers.
			

					These are exactly the kinds of exams where I excelled in my field. These benchmarks test if AI models can find the right answers to a set of questions we already know the answer to.
			

					However, real scientific breakthroughs will come not from answering known questions, but from asking challenging new questions and questioning common conceptions and previous ideas.
			

					Remember Douglas Adams' Hitchhiker's Guide? The answer is apparently 42, but nobody knows the right question. That's research in a nutshell.
			

					In my opinion this is one of the reasons LLMs, while they already have all of humanity's knowledge in memory, haven't generated any new knowledge by connecting previously unrelated facts. They're mostly doing ""manifold filling"" at the moment - filling in the interpolation gaps between what humans already know, somehow treating knowledge as an intangible fabric of reality.
			

					We're currently building very obedient students, not revolutionaries. This is perfect for today’s main goal in the field of creating great assistants and overly compliant helpers. But until we find a way to incentivize them to question their knowledge and propose ideas that potentially go against past training data, they won't give us scientific revolutions yet.
			

					If we want scientific breakthroughs, we should probably explore how we’re currently measuring the performance of AI models and move to a measure of knowledge and reasoning able to test if scientific AI models can for instance:
			


					Challenge their own training data knowledge
					Take bold counterfactual approaches
					Make general proposals based on tiny hints
					Ask non-obvious questions that lead to new research paths					
			

				We don't need an A+ student who can answer every question with general knowledge.
				We need a B student who sees and questions what everyone else missed.
			

					PS: You might be wondering what such a benchmark could look like. Evaluating it could involve testing a model on some recent discovery it should not know yet (a modern equivalent of special relativity) and explore how the model might start asking the right questions on a topic it has no exposure to the answers or conceptual framework of. This is challenging because most models are trained on virtually all human knowledge available today but it seems essential if we want to benchmark these behaviors. Overall this is really an open question and I’ll be happy to hear your insightful thoughts.
				
	
				PPS: Many have been proposing ""move 37"" as evidence that AI has already reached Einstein-level intelligence, so I'd like to expand on this specific example.
			


				Move 37, while impressive, is still essentially a straight-A student answer to the question posed by the rules of the game of Go.
			


				Similarly, I'm quite convinced AI models will soon be able to come up with at least one formal mathematical proof that will be considered much more elegant than those developed by the best mathematicians to date.
			


				But I don't think these truly qualify as the paradigm shifts we're discussing.
			


				I believe an Einstein-level breakthrough in Go would involve something more fundamental, like inventing the rules of Go itself—exploring the vast landscape of possible game rules to create something genuinely more compelling than existing games.
			


				Or in mathematics (a more apt analogy since games are human constructs unlike natural science), it might involve ""discovering connections between previously unrelated mathematical fields to propose a new area of fruitful mathematical research"" (which typically forms the basis of Fields Medal-winning work).
			


				The bar for what constitutes an Einstein-level scientific paradigm shift remains really high in my opinion.
			"
88,2025-03-08,"BySpencer Elliott

BySpencer Elliott
, Contributor. 
Palm Beach County’s luxury real estate scene remains as alluring as ever, buoyed by a fresh wave of ... [+] affluent arrivals from across the country and beyond. But these big-time buyers are in no hurry.
Real estate rarely rewards the patient. For many, a home is the most significant purchase of a lifetime, and that often demands urgency. Yet for the world’s wealthiest, there’s a different script. When you command hundreds of millions—or billions—urgency becomes optional. Why settle when you don’t have to?
In Palm Beach County’s most moneyed echelons, this patient mindset is reshaping the market. Inventory for luxury listings, while improved from pandemic lows, remains modest—about three to four months of supply versus the six months that would mark true balance. Sellers still hold an advantage. But affluent buyers don’t feel pressured to rush. They scour the listings—waterfront mansions, freshly built estates or the occasional teardown turned modern marvel—and wait until they find the one. Once the stars align, they move decisively.
Waterfront mansions and modern new builds continue to command attention—and top dollar.
Vince Marotta, an agent with Illustrated Properties, witnessed this shift firsthand in October 2024, when he and developer Tony Hernandez closed a record-breaking $30 million sale in Jupiter Inlet Colony. The ultra-contemporary estate, perched directly on the Intracoastal Highway, wasn’t just another waterfront home—it was exactly what today’s deep-pocketed buyers are holding out for.
“Palm Beach is filled with people who have $200- to $600-million fortunes,” Marotta says. “They’ve done well enough that they can wait for what they want. And they know exactly what that is. Big, brand new and right on the blue water.”
While waterfront properties have long commanded premium prices, Marotta emphasizes that the home’s $30 million valuation wasn’t just about its location—it was about its modernity. “People love new construction, particularly because the focus is on larger, more open spaces, which invite in that Florida sunshine,” he explains.
Completed in 2023, the ultra-luxe mansion rose out of the demolition of its predecessor—a strategy ... [+] rapidly gaining favor across the Palm Beach County.
That growing preference for contemporary design has fueled a wave of redevelopment along Palm Beach County’s waterfront. Developers like Hernandez are purchasing older homes—sometimes built as recently as 2007—for $4–$5 million, then tearing down and replacing them with sleek, amenity-rich estates designed to meet the demands of this new wave of ultra-wealthy buyers. Mike Pappas, CEO of Illustrated Properties, says this trend is a driving force behind the county’s steady influx of wealth.
“Tony Hernandez has a knack for finding the best locations,” Pappas says. “There are only so many waterfront properties in Palm Beach County, so when you pair that with modern construction, it’s a magnet for high-net-worth buyers.”
While prime oceanfront lots remain scarce in Palm Beach County, the Intracoastal corridor expands ... [+] the playing field for those craving the sea.
This influx of capital is visible in the rise of all-cash deals, which account for between 53 and 57 percent of high-end transactions in the Jupiter area. Such figures starkly contrast with pre-pandemic norms and underscore how deeply capitalized these buyers truly are. Marotta adds that many of these wealthy purchasers are relocating from the Northeast, seeking Florida’s tax advantages, warmer climate and reduced urban congestion. An eternally appealing lifestyle equation.
The luxury market has also seen an extra boost following the U.S. presidential election in November 2024. In January 2025 alone, contracts on single-family homes priced at $5 million or above tripled compared to the previous year. Thirteen deals exceeded $10 million that month—up from just three in January 2024.
High-profile builds—like this upcoming $22 million Bears Club estate—continue to nudge luxury ... [+] inventory upward, a welcome shift for buyers who once scrambled to snatch any listing at first sight.
Despite the excitement, the market is no longer mired in the frenzy of 2021–22, when it wasn’t uncommon for properties to sell within days at or above asking price. Today, many buyers prioritize value. They’ll pay top dollar if a listing meets their standards—but they’ll also refuse to chase inflated prices. Indeed, recent data from Illustrated Properties shows a growing percentage of luxury properties closing below the original listing price—often still at sizable sums but evidence of greater restraint. And this measured approach hasn’t softened prices across the board: the county remains a seller’s market, and overall luxury values remain near historic peaks.
Looking ahead, the signs point to ongoing strength in this refined corner of the market. Inventory might continue to edge up, giving buyers more options and reinforcing patience as a winning strategy. But if a brand-new estate with direct water access hits the market at a justified price, don’t expect it to linger.
In Palm Beach County, the best of the best still sells quickly—just not with the musical-chairs fervor of two years ago. Instead, the transactions unfold like a choreographed dance: buyers circle, evaluate and when the music’s just right, they swoop in.
Illustrated Properties is a member of Forbes Global Properties, an invitation-only network of top-tier brokerages worldwide and the exclusive real estate partner of Forbes."
89,2025-03-08,"ByPaul Tassi

ByPaul Tassi
, Senior Contributor. 
House of David
It may be getting completely lost among the larger pop culture conversation surrounding the most popular shows on TV, but Amazon Prime Video’s House of David is quietly putting up solid numbers for the streaming service, behind only its two monster shows, Reacher and Invincible, both in the middle of airing new seasons.
House of David is an adaptation of well, the Bible. It’s a rare, Christianity-based series on a high profile streaming service, and it’s further proof there’s a market for such a thing. We’ve only seen shows like this with any amount of traction a few times before. The highest-profile one would be The Chosen, also on Amazon, which has clearly realized there’s a larger market for this type of production. The Chosen has run for four seasons now, and if there is something emblematic of this trend, it would be the fact that this does not have enough critic reviews for a Rotten Tomatoes score, but it has a 97% audience score, and an incredible 9.2/10 on IMDB. There’s quite the disconnect there.
House of David does have…five critic reviews in, giving it a 60%, but the show has an 89% audience score. Not quite as well-received as The Chosen. House of David may return for season 2, but it’s not clear yet if that’s going to happen.
Amazon Top 10
House of David cast the totally unknown Michael Iskander as David, where this is his first credited role. It also stars hulking bodybuilder Martyn Ford as all-important David foe, Goliath, where that confrontation will be the season finale. At 6’8, tattooed and exploding with muscle, Ford is something to behold. The only “name” I recognize from this cast list is Avatar’s Stephen Lang as Samuel. Aylet Zurer is Queen Ahinoam. You might not know her, but she was Superman’s mother in Man of Steel, way back when.
There is a big market for Christian, Bible-based series. It’s just that we don’t often see them produced in Hollywood. Amazon seems to be starting to understand the market for this, plus they are widely watched paired with what has to be a relatively small budget compared to other series. Though, perhaps we should have seen this lesson learned back in 2004 when The Passion of the Christ made $611 million worldwide. Even Darren Aronofsky’s trippy, mostly Biblically-inaccurate Noah made $359 million in 2014.
I would expect to see Amazon, or even other streaming services, start to find more content in the Bible given its vast amount of stories, potentially low cost and obvious level of audience interest. For now, it seems to mainly be Amazon who get it.
Follow me on Twitter, YouTube, Bluesky and Instagram.
Pick up my sci-fi novels the Herokiller series and The Earthborn Trilogy."
90,2025-03-08,"
          POPULAR SEARCHES
        

          BROWSE BY
        
Who’s ready to bet basketball all day Saturday?
All right, maybe not all day, but conference tournament games start bright and early, we’ll see a champion crowned in the Ohio Valley, and it’s the last full weekend of regular-season play in a handful of leagues.
Sign me up for the Madness.  
Here’s the ""Saturday Trifecta"" for March 8.
’25 CBK Plays (3-6, -3.7 units)
St. John’s @ Marquette (-2, O/U 141.5)
This one should be a doozy on FOX. Johnnies' stock hasn’t been this high in decades and, naturally, I’m looking to bet against the hype and against Rick Pitino. Full disclosure: I’ll be a nervous wreck if he comes out in the Tony Montana white suit. Marquette is exceptional at protecting the basketball, which is how you beat St. John’s — don’t turn over that precious pumpkin. It also doesn’t hurt that the Golden Eagles are 14-2 at home this season.  
PICK: Marquette (-2) to win by more than 2 points
Houston (-4.5, O/U 131.5) @ Baylor
DraftKings opened Houston at -7.5 late Friday afternoon — just an awful opener by the way — and it got decked immediately. The market is currently sitting Cougars -4.5, and I still like the home 'dog. Baylor needs this game in the worst of ways and an outright victory would solidify a berth in the Big Dance. I’m not going to call my shot, but I do think the Bears fight down to the wire.
PICK: Baylor (+4.5) to lose by fewer than 4.5 points, or win outright
Duke (-11, O/U 158) @ North Carolina
Fading Duke isn’t exactly what people want to do these days and I understand. The Blue Devils are destroying everything in sight, and they’ve won their last seven games by an average of 32 points. That’s not a typo, either. And yet here I am deciding to take another crack at ‘em. North Carolina has quietly rattled off six straight wins and that’s a big number to give the Heels in their home finale. I expect a big game and timely shooting from senior RJ Davis.
PICK: North Carolina (+11) to lose by fewer than 11 points, or win outright
Sam Panayotovich is a sports betting analyst for FOX Sports and the BetMGM Network. He previously worked for WGN Radio, NBC Sports and VSiN. Follow him on Twitter @spshoot."
91,2025-03-08,Unprecedented cuts to the US government overseen by President Donald Trump's billionaire advisor Elon Musk are sending thousands of federal workers and contractors back to the labor market -- but experts warn that hiring is low at this time.
92,2025-03-08,"Artificial Intelligence(AI)
Java Programming with ChatGPT: Learn using Generative AI
By - Metla Sudha Sekhar, IT Specialist and Developer
Artificial Intelligence(AI)
Basics of Generative AI: Unveiling Tomorrows Innovations
By - Metla Sudha Sekhar, IT Specialist and Developer
Artificial Intelligence(AI)
Generative AI for Dynamic Java Web Applications with ChatGPT
By - Metla Sudha Sekhar, IT Specialist and Developer
Marketing
Performance Marketing for eCommerce Brands
By - Zafer Mukeri, Founder- Inara Marketers
Artificial Intelligence(AI)
Mastering C++ Fundamentals with Generative AI: A Hands-On
By - Metla Sudha Sekhar, IT Specialist and Developer
Finance
A2Z Of Money
By - elearnmarkets, Financial Education by StockEdge
Artificial Intelligence(AI)
Master in Python Language Quickly Using the ChatGPT Open AI
By - Metla Sudha Sekhar, IT Specialist and Developer
Office Productivity
Zero to Hero in Microsoft Excel: Complete Excel guide 2024
By - Metla Sudha Sekhar, IT Specialist and Developer
Artificial Intelligence(AI)
AI and Analytics based Business Strategy
By - Tanusree De, Managing Director- Accenture Technology Lead, Trustworthy AI Center of Excellence: ATCI
Technology
Certified Jenkins Professional
By - Vskills, India's Leading Certification Body
Astrology
Vastu Shastra Course
By - Sachenkumar Rai, Vastu Shashtri
Data Science
SQL for Data Science along with Data Analytics and Data Visualization
By - Metla Sudha Sekhar, IT Specialist and Developer
Web Development
A Comprehensive ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Project Guide for 2024
By - Metla Sudha Sekhar, IT Specialist and Developer
Office Productivity
Mastering Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and 365
By - Metla Sudha Sekhar, IT Specialist and Developer
Marketing
Digital marketing - Wordpress Website Development
By - Shraddha Somani, Digital Marketing Trainer, Consultant, Strategiest and Subject Matter expert
Web Development
Mastering Full Stack Development: From Frontend to Backend Excellence
By - Metla Sudha Sekhar, IT Specialist and Developer
Finance
Financial Literacy i.e Lets Crack the Billionaire Code
By - CA Rahul Gupta, CA with 10+ years of experience and Accounting Educator
Leadership
Business Storytelling Masterclass
By - Ameen Haque, Founder of Storywallahs
Marketing
Future of Marketing & Branding Masterclass
By - Dr. David Aaker, Professor Emeritus at the Haas School of Business, UC Berkeley, Author | Speaker | Thought Leader | Branding Consultant
Strategy
ESG and Business Sustainability Strategy
By - Vipul Arora, Partner, ESG & Climate Solutions at Sattva Consulting Author I Speaker I Thought Leader
(Catch all the Business News, Breaking News, Budget 2025 Events and Latest News Updates on The Economic Times.)
Subscribe to The Economic Times Prime and read the ET ePaper online.
(Catch all the Business News, Breaking News, Budget 2025 Events and Latest News Updates on The Economic Times.)
Subscribe to The Economic Times Prime and read the ET ePaper online.

Amazon's secret weapon against Blinkit, Zepto and Instamart in Q-commerce race
Is Acme Solar chasing the sun or flying too close to it?
Stock market will recover, will your portfolio?
Elon Musk effect: How a social media tussle is messing up space exploration
Hexaware’s PE investors have made money. Will the retail reap benefits too?
Weekly top picks: These stocks scored 10 on 10 on Stock Reports Plus
President Trump pledges to make US the world’s crypto capital
'Get to the table right now...', Trump warns Russia on Ukraine attacks
Interesting days ahead’ with Iran: Trump
Trump dismisses question on reported clash between Musk, Rubio
Israeli military attacks mosques in West Bank
Dhaka: Banned Terror org 'Hizb ut-Tahrir' holds 1st open rally
Putin mocks Macron's nuke proposal for Europe
US Lawmakers slam Trump’s trust in Putin over Ukraine
Hamas’ chilling response to Trump's final ultimatum
LIVE | Cyclone Alfred Updates: Thousands ordered to evacuate...
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Slideshow
Top Prime Articles
Top Definitions
Most Searched IFSC Codes
Top Story Listing
Private Companies
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 35% off on ETPrime






90 Days Prime access worth Rs999 unlocked for you
Stories you might be interested in"
93,2025-03-08,"The Browns have plenty of needs to address on offense, not limited to finding their next quarterback."
94,2025-03-08,"MLB Trade Rumors
By Nick Deeds | March 7, 2025 at 7:16pm CDT 
Last week, a poll of MLBTR readers revealed an overwhelming consensus about who of the remaining hitters left on the market is the best. More than 59% of respondents selected veteran slugger J.D. Martinez as the best hitter still available in free agency, and it’s not difficult to see why. The 37-year-old is a six-time All-Star who’s been an above average hitter in ten consecutive 162-game seasons, and there aren’t many players in baseball who can offer a resume that includes 331 homers and more than 1,700 hits.
Even so, he’s lingered on the free agent market into March for the second consecutive offseason. Much of that could simply be about his position—or, rather, lack thereof. While it’s certainly not unheard of for clubs to employ a full-time DH, the overwhelming majority of clubs prefer to either rotate regulars through the DH slot in the lineup as a form of rest or utilize a player with some ability to play elsewhere on the diamond there. Martinez does not offer that luxury, having last started more than one game in the outfield back in 2021 and last getting into even 50 games as an outfielder back in 2018.
That inherently restricts his market by blocking him from joining clubs who have regulars at DH already, and it also makes it more difficult for Martinez to fit a club in a bench role. While Justin Turner has similarly acted primarily as a DH in recent years, his ability to play first base or even a little third base in a pinch made him a viable addition to the Cubs’ bench to complement Michael Busch at first and act as a secondary DH option on days where Seiya Suzuki is in the outfield. Martinez lacks that sort of flexibility, and it’s all but impossible for a club to justify carrying a pure DH without a clear pathway to at least semi-regular at-bats.
Another concern is Martinez’s weak platform season. 2024 was Martinez’s worst campaign in years, as he hit just .235/.320/.406 (108 wRC+) with a 28.5% strikeout rate and just 16 homers in 495 trips to the plate for the Mets. Martinez’s expected numbers suggest that poor fortune may have played a role in his down season, particularly in a second half where he hit just .199/.282/.340 (79 wRC+) despite similar strikeout and walk numbers to his first half (130 wRC+) and a strong 13% barrel rate. While the underlying numbers suggest a bounceback season is likely for Martinez in 2025, players in their late 30s often face additional scrutiny in free agency and clubs may have reservations about Martinez’s ability to rebound completely at his age.
That’s not to say there should be no market for Martinez’s services, of course. As previously mentioned, the veteran’s underlying numbers suggest he’s still got the tools necessary to be a well-above average regular. What’s more, even simply repeating last year’s lackluster season would be an upgrade for a number of clubs. 15 teams garnered a wRC+ lower than Martinez’s 106 from their DH mix last year, and a handful of clubs still have questions in that corner of the roster. The Yankees have reportedly been in contact with the slugger with incumbent DH Giancarlo Stanton ticketed for a potentially lengthy absence due to elbow soreness. However, Jon Heyman of The New York Post wrote last night that the Yanks seem to have limited desire to spend at this point of the offseason.
They’re the only club to be publicly connected to Martinez amid a quiet offseason for the veteran, but it’s easy to see a fit for the slugger on clubs like the Giants or Padres that lack a regular option at DH. Meanwhile, the Tigers are reportedly pondering playing Kerry Carpenter in the outfield this year and have a need for additional right-handed thump in their lineup, the Reds got the weakest production in all of baseball out of their DH mix last season, and it’s even possible to imagine teams like the Cardinals and Guardians who have young, left-handed bats locked in at DH having interest in Martinez as a right-handed complement to those players.
Where do MLBTR readers think Martinez will ultimately land? Have your say in the poll below:
MLBTR Originals MLBTR Polls J.D. Martinez

Buckner 
2 weeks ago
He is just not that good any more.
Sorry.

luckyh 
2 weeks ago
That’s why yhe yanks will sign him.

Pickles McGee 
2 weeks ago
He’s a year removed from a .893 ops, 33 HR in 113 games for LA.  His statcast for 2024 doesn’t look bad, he’s still burning a lot of hot red on his card. Seattle should take him.

LaFleur 
2 weeks ago
I see him signing with the Royals

This one belongs to the Reds 
2 weeks ago
El Segundo Devil Dogs

WadeBoggsWildRide 
2 weeks ago
I think that “The Unemployment Line” should be an option in the survey.

dennispruder 
2 weeks ago
No unemployment line for JD. He’s already signed a pro contract for Pickleball once he’s done with MLB.

martevious 
2 weeks ago
What are you talking about? As far as the Mariners go, he would immediately make them better which, of course, says more about their terrible offense, than it says about JD.

Jdt8312 
2 weeks ago
The Yankees aren’t going to sign him. He can’t play a position, and he’s not a left handed bat. I think he officially retires.

astros_fan_84 
2 weeks ago
He could get a nice payday in either Japan or South Korea too. As an expat in Asia, I can testify that these places are actually really nice.

martevious 
2 weeks ago
I don’t think he retires. There are lots of players that he is still better than

Jdt8312 
6 days ago
The reason why I think he retires is because he started a family. He and his wife have a child now, and he was considering retirement to be home. This was something he talked about last year. He said it would have to be an ideal situation for him. I just don’t think the Yankees have any real use for an aging right handed power hitter who can’t really play a position anymore. Just to get him on the field last year, he needed a shot in his back to get rid of the pain. I just think those 2 factors will put him out of the game. He’ll be a hitting instructor for someone in a few years.

RonDarlingShouldntBeInTheHallOfFame 
2 weeks ago
I could see Preller signing him as a platoon piece at DH with Ornelas/Arraez

Butter Biscuits 
2 weeks ago
I could see that too but for how much?

RonDarlingShouldntBeInTheHallOfFame 
2 weeks ago
I’d guess JD won’t get more than maybe a 1yr 3m deal..maybe with some fairly easy to reach incentives? Hard to say..
Could just as easily be the same deal Profar got last year 1yr/1m..
But would he take that?

rememberthecoop 
2 weeks ago
Yeah, that’s where my vote went.

LaFleur 
2 weeks ago
I was just thinking “add a bat or two”
I’d also think the Royals, Yankees, Detroit, or Seattle

nyr2k2 
2 weeks ago
He was legitimately good up until July last season. As the article notes he still had some encouraging underlying numbers even after his game fell off a cliff. I definitely think he warrants a spot on someone’s roster. He’s also a good clubhouse guy and there were lots of reports about him helping some of the Mets’ young hitters like Vientos. If the Mets had an opening I wouldn’t mind bringing him back, but they don’t.

Buckner 
2 weeks ago
“good up until July”
He started the season in AAA and was called up in May.  That’s two months of not-even-every-day play.  
He seems like a good guy, but he probably would be a better hitting instructor now.  I hope a team gives him that opportunity.
It appears to me, a very non-expert, that his playing days could be over.
But what do I know?

Pickles McGee 
2 weeks ago
He signed late and had 20 A ball and 8 AAA PA before playing for the Mets.  He’s not quite ready for instructor status yet in my opinion, the old man style got game.

Buckner 
2 weeks ago
With some players, it’s a slow, steady decline.
With others, it’s like falling off a cliff.
He looked terribly exposed — with zero bat speed — in August, September & October last year.  I don’t think there’s a team in the MLB that would take a chance on a guy like Martinez.  It’s a young guy’s game.  
He would be a great guy on an MLB broadcast team.
Or, as mentioned earlier, a hitting instructor.

wbz41 
2 weeks ago
He can still hit.

rememberthecoop 
2 weeks ago
Even us old guys still got wood!

Ashleyr 
2 weeks ago
The sad reality of baseball is the fact that teams only carry 26 players. When thirty teams add a rookie to the lineup that they have to carry all year, it means an automatic 30 players are forced out of the majors, onto disabled lists, or into retirement. Martinez, plus other players are just casualties of the game and they have already earned their wealth to last the rest of their lives. It allows new players to start their careers and the facts state if someone signs an old player, it subtracts one roster slot for a player fans want to see in the majors, not in the minors. Fans can choose to see Martinez or one of the top twenty prospects in baseball. They can’t have both.

This one belongs to the Reds 
2 weeks ago
Works that way in the minors too.

tigerdoc616 
2 weeks ago
Should have been an option to say none.  I think he still has something left in the tank but a DH only hitter just doesn’t have that much value to most teams.  So not sure he’ll sign anywhere this year, at least this spring.

JackStrawb 
2 weeks ago
Especially a DH-only who may not be worth anything any more. 
I can see someone signing him on an incentive-laden deal based on PAs as a form of ‘if you’re not good right away, so long’ contract, but with $154m in earnings he may not be a guy who signs up for that. 
If he doesn’t sign this spring, I wouldn’t expect him to come back at all.

Buff Barnacles 
2 weeks ago
A modern day Kirk Gibson for the Tigers!

AFrenchBullDog 
2 weeks ago
Get him over to GABP.

dodgers69 
2 weeks ago
Who cares…..guy is washed

Man What Runs With the Football 
2 weeks ago
Reds are going to sneak in and sign him and he’ll have 40+ home runs in GABP. First base and DH if Spencer Steer continues to have shoulder problems.

JackStrawb 
2 weeks ago
From June 25th to the end of the season he hit .194 with a .618 OPS and 7 HR in 268 PA, iirc. 
4 singles in 18 AB in the postseason, plus 6 BB, which isn’t nothing, but the power was gone. .On  base 10 times and scored once. This is not a guy who’s going to hit a lot of doubles at 37.

Man What Runs With the Football 
2 weeks ago
Jack- In GABP he doesn’t have to hit doubles, just get it up in the air. If nothing else he can bop 15 homers and the Reds can get something at the trade deadline.

JonathanWB 
2 weeks ago
8% think the Tigers will sign him. That would be the surprise of the decade. Detroit has too many others who will DH.

Ford2110 
2 weeks ago
That many people voted for the Red Sox? They have more DHs than they know what to do with!

This one belongs to the Reds 
2 weeks ago
If he could still play outfield, those 66 votes would actually make sense.  As a DH, not so much.

Acoss1331 
2 weeks ago
Towards the end of the season with the Mets, he looked cooked. Father time might have caught up with him…

This one belongs to the Reds 
2 weeks ago
Father Time is undefeated.

sad tormented neglected mariners fan 
2 weeks ago
Nationals are a sleeper since they want to “contend” without actually spending money
Same with pirates

kyredsox17 
2 weeks ago
For some reason..I think Jumbo Dong is heading to Cinci

In nurse follars 
2 weeks ago
Time for this vampire to fly away.

Basketball geek 
2 weeks ago
Looking at that list of teams, not many teams need him…. Maybe with injuries during the year a team will reach out…DH is such an interchangeable spot, you can bring up a prospect from AAA, why bother with JD…

Pickles McGee 
2 weeks ago
KC, Seattle, Cinci, Pittsburgh lead the list of teams that could use him at DH.  Heck, I’d rather Cleveland had his bat for less money instead of Santana and put Manzardo at 1B.    
All depends on what he’d settle for.  Brandon Belt decided he’d rather sit than take less and not be treated well.  JD may do the same, he’s earned enough.

Rally Goose 
2 weeks ago
Just to be clear, we are talking about JD Martinez, one of the best hitters in baseball?

Buckner 
2 weeks ago
Right.  He had (past tense) a nice career.
But that part is over now.

Pickles McGee 
2 weeks ago
If the underlying data to his lackluster season bore that out it might be easier to dismiss him but it does not.  His .351 xwOBA puts him in the 86th percentile, his xSLG of .471 in the 87th.  He may be done but given this some team should take a look.

Rally Goose 
2 weeks ago
r/whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooosh

DugoutJester 
2 weeks ago
Where’s the retire option?

That guy you argue with on the Internet. 
2 weeks ago
Rockies should sign him. Bryant most likely is going to get hurt and if not still need time off to avoid getting hurt. Put J.D. in good platoon advantages, hope he posts some strong numbers, wait for a contender that is somewhat desperate, and flip him for a flier or two.

oldgfan 
2 weeks ago
A place for mom.

Buff Barnacles 
2 weeks ago
The one franchise since their debut in Major League Baseball that could always find a spot for a pure DH
J.D. Martinez and his Tampa Bay (Devil) Rays

GarryHarris 
2 weeks ago
JD Martinez is not going to DH for the 2nd ranked on this poll Tigers.  They have too many DHs.  There’s no need for another RH hitter who can’t play the field.

degrominator34 
2 weeks ago
Would make sense for pirates. As Mets fan I will say he was key to turnaround (one of) his June and July were great.  Aug and Sept were bad tho

Jaysfansince92 
2 weeks ago
I wouldn’t mind seeing the Blue Jays take a flyer on him.

CWeb555 
2 weeks ago
Too much for the cheapass Pohlads !

Well said. 
2 weeks ago
Somebody will have an injury and will need a right hand power hitter.  I think he could still play in the field if needed.  Probably could be signed pretty cheap for someone to take a chance.

BloodySox 
2 weeks ago
Dodgers just cuz

RedSoxFan04 
2 weeks ago
As a long-time Red Sox fan, I can say with confidence that when you sign J.D., you actually get two things — his bat — and, that with all his experience, pitcher/game knowledge, his generosity and his incredible work ethic, he makes all the other hitters in the lineup better. J.D. is, one day, going to make an incredible hitting coach, if he chooses to go that route.

MLBTR needs to hire editors 
1 week ago
There shouldn’t be a comma before “rather” in the second paragraph.
Please login to leave a reply.
Log in Register
 
MLB Trade Rumors is not affiliated with Major League Baseball, MLB or MLB.com

Username or Email Address



Password


 Remember Me




Register"
95,2025-03-08,"If not listed, please contact your TV provider.
Even though it feels like we're just coming off the heels of the Philadelphia Eagles taking down the Kansas City Chiefs in Super Bowl LIX, the NFL offseason is about to come on hot and heavy. 
On Monday, the negotiating period begins where teams will be able to discuss the parameters of contracts with unrestricted free agents and agree in principle on deals. That leads up to the official start of the new league year on Wednesday. It's at that juncture where free agents will be able to officially put pen to paper on contracts with new teams, sending this latest rendition of the NFL's game of musical chairs fully into motion. 
This free agent cycle, quarterbacks and wide receivers are expected to dominate the headlines with a number of intriguing names soon hitting the market. That said, don't sleep on the crop of tight ends set to be free agents.
Already, the position group is making waves with the Cincinnati Bengals reportedly agreeing on a three-year deal with tight end Mike Gesicki that will prevent him from entering the free agent fray. However, there's still plenty of names worth keeping an eye on.
Below, we'll dive into the notable free agent tight ends this offseason, rank them, examine what their market value could be and what teams could make for logical fits. 
Tight ends' listed ages are as of Sept. 4, the opening night of the 2025 NFL season, and their seasons of experience include the upcoming 2025 season.
Age: 30 | Season: 10th | 2024 team: New England Patriots
While the Patriots offense left a little to be desired throughout the 2024 campaign, Austin Hooper was a steady outlet in the passing game. The veteran caught 76.3% of his targets, finishing with 45 receptions, 476 yards, and three touchdowns while suiting up in all 17 games. That production should fetch him a better contract than the one-year, $3.1 million contract he inked with New England last offseason, and he could prove to be a solid No. 2 tight end in a more potent passing offense. 
Age: 30 | Season: 8th | 2024 team: New York Jets
Conklin won't change the fortunes of an offense upon arrival (no TE in this class can do that), but he's a very safe signing for any unit looking to bolster the position. He can help with protection and is a solid check-down option in the passing game. He won't break off a monumental gain but will give the offense the necessary yards to help move the sticks. In a struggling Jets offense, Conklin did prove to be a reliable target for Aaron Rodgers, catching 51 balls for 449 yards and four touchdowns. 
Age: 34 | Season: 13th | 2024 team: Washington Commanders
Ertz isn't at the peak of his powers from when he was a Pro Bowl talent with the Philadelphia Eagles, but the veteran showed last season that he still has fuel left in the tank. With the Commanders, he proved to be a great outlet for Offensive Rookie of the Year Jayden Daniels, catching 66 of his 91 targets for 654 yards and seven touchdowns. Ertz ramped up in the playoffs, adding 18 receptions for 155 yards and a touchdown, helping Washington reach the NFC Championship Game. Given that rapport with Daniels, it would make sense for Ertz and Washington to seek a reunion, but he would also be a valuable piece to a contender looking for tight end depth. 
Age: 28 | Season: 6th | 2024 team: New Orleans Saints
Johnson might not be a household name, but that's largely due to the Saints not being particularly competitive throughout his tenure. However, if/when he shakes loose this offseason and lands in an offense with more consistent quarterback play, he could prove to be quite the addition. Unlike some of these other tight ends in the free-agent market, Johnson has the raw ability to rip off some chunk plays and is a highly athletic pass catcher. Even with topsy-turvy quarterback play from the Saints in 2024, Johnson is coming off a season where he notched new career highs in receptions (50) and receiving yards (548). 
Age: 31 | Season: 9th | 2024 team: Jacksonville Jaguars
Engram was a cap casualty with the Jaguars, who released him prior to the start of free agency. That coupled with a regime change in Jacksonville has the two-time Pro Bowl tight end on the market. Engram was limited to nine games last season, but has proven to be a highly productive pass catcher at the position, including his 114-catch season in 2023. Engram should be looked at as a veteran who can slot in with a contender and immediately provide a boost to the pass-catching unit. 
© 2004-2025 CBS Interactive. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

CBS Sports is a registered trademark of CBS Broadcasting Inc. Commissioner.com is a registered trademark of CBS Interactive Inc.

The content on this site is for entertainment purposes only and CBS Sports makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the information given or the outcome of any game or event. There is no gambling offered on this site. This site contains commercial content and CBS Sports may be compensated for the links provided on this site.

Images by Getty Images and Imagn"
96,2025-03-08,"
						By Luke Dormehl • 5:40 am, March 8, 2025

 March 8, 1997: Apple renames the forthcoming Mac OS 7.7 update, calling it “Mac OS 8.” It’s more than just a name change, though: It’s a sneaky sucker punch that ultimately knocks out Mac clones.
Unfortunately for Mac users, the updated operating system does not deliver the total top-to-bottom rewrite promised by Apple’s Project Copland. However, the renaming strategy turns out to be a brilliant (if underhanded) way of getting Apple out of terrible licensing deals.
Early 1997 wasn’t a good time to be an Apple watcher. Despite the return of co-founder Steve Jobs, Apple continued losing money hand over fist, suffering through some of its worst financial quarters ever.
One big challenge Apple faced at the time was the existence of clone Macs, which the company originally viewed as a way to save itself from Microsoft’s Windows 95 juggernaut. Starting in December 1994, Apple signed licensing deals with companies like Power Computing and Radius to produce Macintosh-compatible computers.
The goal? Make Mac competitive with Microsoft.
As Apple’s market share fell, long-time rival Microsoft steamed ahead, thanks to its software-licensing strategy. Cupertino execs envisioned clone Macs as a good way to secure Apple’s future.
Unfortunately, it didn’t quite work like that.
Apple CFO Fred Anderson worked out that the clone Macs strategy actually cost the company money. The $50 fee Apple received for every clone Mac sold proved far too low. The company failed to even recoup the money lost when a person chose a clone over an actual Mac.
Cupertino could not get out of the disastrous agreement if it kept updating System 7, the Mac OS licensed to clone-makers. However, if Apple released Mac OS 8, it could argue that the deal became null and void.
Apple made the switch, calling the new operating system Mac OS 8. Then Cupertino began negotiating new, more favorable terms with third parties licensing the Mac operating system. However, before Mac OS 8, Apple had been working on Copland OS, an ambitious but ultimately abandoned project that aimed to modernize the Mac operating system.
This inevitably led to consternation from Apple’s licensees. On August 5, 1997, Apple became locked in a standoff with Power Computing after the official launch of Mac OS 8. (You can read more about the feature set of Mac OS 8 here.)
Apple eventually agreed to acquire Power Computing’s customer list and Mac OS license for $10 million and an additional $100 million in AAPL stock. That covered all of Power Computing’s outstanding debts and costs. The clone-maker closed shop for good in early 1998.
Putting an end to Mac clones was one of the first major moves Steve Jobs made as Apple’s new CEO after his 1997 return, along with shutting down the Newton MessagePad division.
System 8 proved a hit in the marketplace, even though it fell short of expectations. Mac fans had to wait for OS X to see a major update, but System 8 marked the start of Apple’s turnaround.        
Daily round-ups or a weekly refresher, straight from Cult of Mac to your inbox.
Our daily roundup of Apple news, reviews and how-tos. Plus the best Apple tweets, fun polls and inspiring Steve Jobs bons mots. Our readers say: ""Love what you do"" -- Christi Cardenas. ""Absolutely love the content!"" -- Harshita Arora. ""Genuinely one of the highlights of my inbox"" -- Lee Barnett.
The week's best Apple news, reviews and how-tos from Cult of Mac, every Saturday morning. Our readers say: ""Thank you guys for always posting cool stuff"" -- Vaughn Nevins. ""Very informative"" -- Kenly Xavier."
97,2025-03-08,"BySimon Moore

BySimon Moore
, Senior Contributor. 
Jerome Powell, chairman of the US Federal Reserve, speaks during the University Of Chicago Booth ... [+] School Of Business Monetary Policy Forum in New York, US, on Friday, March 7, 2025. Powell acknowledged increased uncertainty in the US economic outlook, but said officials dont need to rush to adjust policy. Photographer: Yuki Iwamura/Bloomberg
The logic for potential interest rate cuts in 2025 may be changing as some early recession indicators pick up while disinflation remains possible. Current expectations are that the Federal Open Market Committee may cut again in May or June. Entering 2025, markets anticipated that inflation might trend closer to the FOMC’s 2% annual target and policymakers would patiently wait for that before cutting interest rates. That’s still a probable outcome, but now the FOMC might consider cutting rates in response to economic weakness, rather than cooling inflation.
Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell recently sounded a touch more cautious on the economy. He said, “Recent indicators point to a possible moderation in consumer spending relative to the rapid growth rate over the second half of 2024,"" at a speech in Chicago on March 7. Powell continued, ""further, recent surveys of households and businesses point to heightened uncertainty about the economic outlook. It remains to be seen how these developments might affect future spending and investment. Sentiment readings have not been a good predictor of consumption growth in recent years. We continue to carefully monitor a variety of indicators of household and business spending.” Overall this is not a major economic concern from the Fed chair, but it is less optimistic on the economy than recent statements.
Echoing this perspective is a recent spike in 2025 inflation risk from prediction market site Kalshi. Kalshi is forecasting that the most likely outcome is that a 2025 recession is avoided, but that inflation risks have picked up sharply in recent weeks.
Nonetheless, disinflation could still prompt rate cuts, Powell said, “The path to sustainably returning inflation to our target has been bumpy, and we expect that to continue. We see ongoing progress in categories that remain elevated, such as housing services and the market-based components of non-housing services. Inflation can be volatile month-to-month, and we do not overreact to one or two readings that are higher or lower than anticipated.” The next Consumer Price Index report will come on March 12. Expectations are for some disinflation, but even so a March interest rate cut is viewed as extremely unlikely.
Due to two potential motivations for interest rate cuts in terms of potentially cooling inflation and heightened risk of economic weakness, markets see roughly an even chance of an interest rate cut on May 7. If not, a cut is more likely than not on June 18. That’s according to the CME FedWatch Tool, which measures the implied expectations of fixed income markets.
Markets forecast lower interest rates in 2025. However, the economic uncertainty has increased. That’s in part because of the evolving scope of tariffs and government spending cuts, with both not fully reflected in recent economic reports given their recent occurrence.
With two possible motivations to cut rates, interest rate cuts are perhaps now a little more probable in the view of markets. Nonetheless, upcoming economic data will be important for two reasons: first, in determining if economic softness becomes more of a trend rather than a risk that some consumers and businesses are worried about; and second in revealing if expected disinflation plays out. The FOMC now has two potential paths to cutting interest rates, depending on what economic data holds."
