,date,content
0,2025-03-04,"By 


      Maria Aspan
    


                Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in the Financial District in New York City on Tuesday.
                
                    
                    Timothy A. Clary/AFP via Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

U.S. stock markets plummeted on Tuesday as a new global trade war began.
China and Canada announced new retaliatory measures on Tuesday after President Trump's long-promised tariffs took effect overnight. Trump imposed a 25% levy on most imports from Canada and Mexico, with a separate 10% tariff on Canadian energy exports. Tariffs on Chinese goods were increased from 10% to 20%.
U.S. investors continued a sell-off that had started on Monday after Trump announced that there was ""no room left"" for negotiation with Mexico or Canada. The Dow fell 1.55%, or about 670 points on Tuesday after already falling nearly 1.5% on Monday. 
Meanwhile, the S&P lost 1.2% while the Nasdaq lost 0.35%.
Canada, Mexico and China are the country's three largest trading partners. The escalating trade war is likely to result in consumers paying higher prices for a wide range of products, including fruits and vegetables, flat-screen TVs and auto parts.
Shares of major U.S. automakers Ford and GM also plunged on Tuesday. So did the shares of Best Buy and Target, as those large retailers warned that the new tariffs could increase the prices their customers pay.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
1,2025-03-04,"Business Insider Edition 
President Donald Trump isn't flinching from his sweeping tariff policy in the face of a sharp stock sell-off that has investors fleeing to safe havens this week.

        The president on Tuesday plowed ahead with his plan to levy tariffs on goods from Canada, Mexico, and China. The Samp;P 500 extended a decline that began on Monday when Trump announced there was no last-minute deal coming to avert the tariffs.
    

        The benchmark index fell by as much as 2% on Tuesday, erasing its postelection gains, before paring some losses and finishing the day 1.2% lower. It's now fallen roughly 6% from recent highs. The Nasdaq 100, meanwhile, entered correction territory in early trading before closing down 0.4%.
    

        During Trump's first term, such a sell-off would've been cause for alarm. After all, Trump frequently cited a strong equity market as evidence that his presidency was going well. He boasted about taking stocks to a ""different planet"" and regularly posted about the market being up ""massively.""
    

        But Trump and his team are sending a message to markets that they're OK with the fallout in stocks for now. They have a new focus: the 10-year Treasury yield, which has tumbled lately.
    

        In February, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent pointed to the 10-year yield as a barometer on the president's radar, emphasizing the focus on borrowing costs for Americans, which are often tied to government bond yields. He reiterated that view on Tuesday.
    

        ""Over the medium term, which is what we're focused on, it's a focus on Main Street,"" he told Fox News. ""Wall Street's done great, Wall Street can continue to do fine, but we have a focus on small business and consumers.""
    

        ""He and I are focused on the 10-year Treasury and what is the yield of that,"" Bessent said of Trump. ""He wants lower rates.""
    

        The yield on the 10-year bond slid by 4 basis points on Tuesday as concerns about tariffs' effect on economic growth overshadowed fears that a trade war would lead to higher inflation. It has fallen by 35 basis points in the past 10 days.
    

        The rally in bond prices, which move inversely to yields, means Treasurys have outperformed stocks since the election, according to Bloomberg data.
    

        The president's moves have also challenged the views of Wall Street forecasters who predicted that he'd step in if markets became too volatile.
    

        ""On election day S&P 500 closed at 5,783; we say this is first strike price of Trump put, below which 'Stocks Down Under Trump' headlines begin, below which investors currently long risk would very much expect and need some verbal support for markets from policymakers,"" Bank of America strategists wrote last week.
    

        On Truth Social, the president's recent posts have largely revolved around tariffs, his immigration policy, and progress on a peace deal between Russia and Ukraine, with no mention of the stock market.
    

        In what is perhaps the best example of how much validation Trump derived from the stock market, in 2020 he sent the Fox News host Lou Dobbs an autographed chart showing the Dow Jones Industrial Average's nearly 2,000-point rise the day Trump declared COVID-19 a national emergency.
    

        But the president has been quiet about the stock market lately, saying little to boost investors' mood even as stocks trade lower than when he won the election in November.
    

        Trump's team did not respond to a request for comment from Business Insider.
    

        Still, US stock futures ticked back up after Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick told Fox Business on Tuesday afternoon that Trump could announce tariff compromises with Canada and Mexico as early as Wednesday.
    

        New US tariffs against imports from Canada, China, and Mexico took effect on Tuesday. Ottawa and Beijing announced retaliatory tariffs in response.
    

        On Tuesday, Trump appeared to acknowledge uncertainties ahead, saying in his presidential address that tariffs could be disruptive.
    

        ""Tariffs are about making America rich again and making America great again. And it's happening, and it will happen rather quickly,"" Trump said. ""There'll be a little disturbance, but we're okay with that. It won't be much.""
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
2,2025-03-04,The S&P 500 decline has not played out. History suggests it will.
3,2025-03-04,
4,2025-03-04,"Business Insider Edition 
Swap, an e-commerce operating startup, has raised $40 million in Series B funding led by ICONIQ Growth. QED Investors, Cherry Ventures, Portfolio Ventures, and 9900 Capital also participated in the round.

        Founded in 2022 by Sam Atkinson and Zach Bailet, Swap provides a platform for direct-to-consumer, e-commerce brands to manage their logistics in one place. Brands typically rely on multiple providers for various parts of their business, like cross-border shipping, order tracking, return management, and inventory forecasting, Swap cofounder Sam Atkinson told BI. Swap brings all of these functions together into a single system, reducing the need for multiple service providers.
    

        ""The advantage there is that we get to consolidate a lot of the data that you get from these different products and different consumer interactions,"" Atkinson said. ""We're supporting brands through the whole lifecycle — from when a product is going to be bought by the brand to when it is sold to the customer to when it's returned.""
    

        Swap is also integrating artificial intelligence into its platform to enhance its inventory management and operational processes. The company's newest product, Swap Inventory, will use AI to help clients forecast trends and demand by analyzing data from brands' warehouses, Shopify stores, and return data from its own platform. The company also uses AI to help with cross-border tax filing and return processing. Swap is using ""a lot of different foundation models"" for its AI products, including Claude, Gemini, and ChatGPT, Atkinson said.
    

        Swap's ""sweet spot"" customers are brands generating between $5 million and $100 million in revenue, Atkinson said. With the new funding, the company aims to expand to serve larger customers gradually. Swap's current clients include fashion labels Nadine Merabi, Motel Rocks, and The Frankie Shop.
    

        Before cofounding Swap, Atkinson worked as a corporate lawyer and at business banking startup Juni. Atkinson met cofounder Zach Bailet at business school and started another e-commerce company with him before cofounding Swap. Bailet previously worked at Deloitte and Tefron, a textile manufacturing company.
    

        The new funding will support the 120-person company's ""biggest opportunity,"" helping brands sell internationally, Atkinson said. The platform assists with international sales by calculating duties and taxes at checkout, allowing customers to prepay these costs and avoid unexpected fees after delivery. Swap also uses AI to help brands determine international pricing strategies and partners with FedEx to manage international shipping for brands.
    

        The new capital will also help Swap expand into international markets such as Australia, Europe, Canada, and the US. The startup is using the funding to build out its sales team and open a fourth office in New York this year. Swap already has offices in London, Tel Aviv, and the Netherlands.
    

        The startup rivals a range of companies in the e-commerce logistics space. Its cross-border product competes with Global-E, a public company that also provides tools, like duties and tax calculations, that help brands sell their products internationally. Swap's inventory management software goes up against companies such as Syrup and Autone, which both also offer AI-based forecasting for merchandising teams.
    

        ""Even small merchants have to cobble together a handful of tools in order to solve all their operational challenges end to end,"" Seth Pierrepont, a general partner at ICONIQ Growth based in London, said. ""Swap took a very different view to that. They're like, 'we're going to solve it all in one single platform.'""
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
5,2025-03-04,"AST SpaceMobile has been attracting positive attention, boosted by launch milestones and a raft of partnerhips."
6,2025-03-04,"Business Insider Edition 
Nvidia, the company behind the GPUs that enable AI chatbots like ChatGPT and Grok, releases its earnings quarterly.

        Typically, Nvidia CFO Colette Kress walks investors through the quarterly results.
    

        Then, co-founder and CEO Jensen Huang answers questions on the calls, offering insights into the underlying trends of artificial intelligence, data centers, and gaming.
    

        The calls usually cover topics like Nvidia's stock price moves, and the revenue of Nvidia's GPU chips, which are transitioning to the next-generation Blackwell architecture.
    

        Here's a breakdown of Nvidia's recent earnings.
    

        During Nvidia's Q4 earnings call, the chipmaker reported a surge in business, reporting year-over-year revenue growth of 78% at $39.33 billion for the quarter, beating estimates of $38.25 billion.
    

        While Nvidia beat analyst's revenue and profit forecasts and raised its forward-looking guidance, that wasn't enough to meet Wall Street's sky-high expectations.
    

        The potential impact of DeepSeek—a lower-cost AI model from a Chinese startup—on Nvidia's future chip demand was top of mind for investors. Nvidia said DeepSeek was driving an increase in demand for its inferencing solutions.
    

        One concern for investors was the company's profit margins, which were slightly weaker than expected due to its ramp in production of its Blackwell GPUs. Nvidia said it did not expect its profit margins to recover until the second half of the year.
    

        There are also concerns that Nvidia's growth is slowing and top cloud customers could be nearing a peak in their capital expenditures for AI chips. Nvidia's stock price sold off following the earnings results.
    

        Fiscal Q4 ended on January 30, and Nvidia's earnings call took place on February 26.
    

        The chipmaker delivered another strong quarter, according to Nvidia's Q3 earnings call, where the company declared ""the age of AI is in full steam"" as sales of its popular semiconductor chips rose.
    

        The company reported third-quarter revenue of $35.08 billion — a 94% year-over-year increase — beating the consensus analyst estimate of $33.25 billion.
    

        Investors focused on commentary about the company's rollout of its Blackwell chips, which were expected to meaningfully pick-up in the fourth quarter, as well as the potential impact of Trump's planned tariffs.
    

        ""Whatever the new administration decides, we will, of course, support the administration"" and ""fully"" comply with any new regulations, Huang said.
    

        Shares of Nvidia sold-off slightly following the results.
    

        Fiscal Q3 ended on October 31, 2024, and Nvidia held its earnings call on November 20.
    

        As reported during Nvidia's Q2 earnings call, the chipmaker notched $30.04 billion in revenue for the past quarter, outpacing consensus estimates of $28.86 billion. However, it was a slimmer revenue beat than recent quarters.
    

        Shares of Nvidia declined slightly after the earnings release, but eventually recovered its losses.
    

        Analysts were disappointed that Nvidia's guidance on its upcoming Blackwell chips failed to meet the most lofty expectations on Wall Street.
    

        But Huang assured investors that demand for its Blackwell GPUs was ""incredible.""
    

        Fiscal Q2 ended on July 31, 2024, and Nvidia's earnings call was on August 28.
    

        In fiscal Q1 of 2025, Nvidia announced a massive earnings beat, an increase to its dividend, and a 10-for-1 stock split.
    

        The company reported a 262% surge in year-over-year revenues at $26.04 billion, driven by the continued success of its AI-enabled GPU chips, mainly the H100.
    

        The company also reported adjusted earnings per share of $6.12, beating analyst estimates of $5.59.
    

        ""We are poised for our next wave of growth. The Blackwell platform is in full production and forms the foundation for trillion-parameter-scale generative AI,"" Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said at the time.
    

        Nvidia currently plays a quarterly dividend of $0.01 per share.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
7,2025-03-04,The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite was on track to close in correction territory — defined as a drop of 10% from a recent high — on Tuesday.
8,2025-03-04,"Salesforce launches AgentExchange, a new AI marketplace that lets businesses deploy automated AI agents to streamline work, enhance productivity, and tap into the $6 trillion digital labor market."
9,2025-03-04,"President Trump is due to give a State-of-the-Union-style address on Tuesday night, in which he’s expected to talk up his handling of the country’s economy, even as one gauge for the economic outlook — the U.S. stock market — has been losing steam."
10,2025-03-04,"You can diversify away from the S&P 500 to reduce risk, based on stocks’ prices to expected earnings and on expected earnings growth rates — at the same time."
11,2025-03-04,"If you buy something using links in our stories, we may earn a commission. This helps support our journalism. Learn more. Please also consider subscribing to WIRED
8/10
It’s dangerous to have epiphanies while shaving. But in this case it was unavoidable: My epiphany was about shaving.
For the past few weeks, my bathroom routine has been a little like George Clooney in O Brother, Where Art Thou?, minus the smelly Dapper Dan. I’ve been lathering shave soap with a brush and bowl and shaving with an old-fashioned single-blade, single-edge, unmedicated safety razor.
Specifically, I’m using the Leaf Thorn—a stylish and well-marketed and self-avowedly “aggressive” single-edge razor whose house blades are so wafer-thin the company imprints them with the words “I am not plastic.” The less aggressive Leaf Single Edge Razor is called the Twig, and it's meant to be more gentle than the Thorn. It’s all very cute.
But what I learned, after weeks of baby-smooth shaves with the Thorn, is that I’ve been doing shaving wrong.
The epiphany was something that seems obvious at first: The best and safest blade is always the sharp one. The best kitchen knife is the one you keep sharp. The same goes for scissors and for the blades you put on your own face. The Leaf’s low-tech, simple single-blade was cutting as closely and well as any fancy cartridge blade setup I’ve tried. The reason was mostly that it was still sharp.
Because here’s the thing: It doesn’t matter if you’ve got a 15-layer stacked blade cartridge with whistles, lights, and responsive AI. Dull blades are awful, and all blades get dull with use. And when blades get dull, they start to yank on my hair instead of cutting it, irritate my skin into aggravation, and cause little nicks when the skin pinches up. Alas, the modern cartridge-based shaving blades that dominate the supermarket are expensive and often inconvenient to constantly replace: around $30 or $40 for a pack of 10.
The price adds up. Time magazine knew this game already in 1927: “As everyone knows, safety razor manufacturers derive the bulk of their profit, not from razors, but from the replaceable blades.” The old business-school yarn that King Camp Gillette devised a get-rich scheme to lose money on safety razor handles to make money on the blades is a bit of a myth, but the business logic of shaving remains inexorable: The money’s in the blades.
So I resist swapping out for too long. And then pay the price. Even as Gillette and other razor makers advertise that their blade cartridges are good for weeks’ worth of shaves, my own coarse, evil, steel-clad stubble tends to eat through a cartridge a whole lot sooner than I want to replace it. So either I keep paying blade installments or pay my tax in the form of a no-good, very-bad shave.
The Leaf offers an opposing theory of shaving: The money’s in the handle. The blades are instead cheap, small, and ubiquitous. The Thorn is at heart an old-fashioned safety razor. It’s compatible with pretty much any good old-fashioned safety blade, whether the classic Astra Platinum (you’ll have to snap the double edge in half) or Leaf’s own blades. Packs of a hundred are less than a $20 bill.
Single-Edge Razor
Rating: 8/10
If you buy something using links in our stories, we may earn a commission. This helps support our journalism. Learn more. Please also consider subscribing to WIRED
Each blade is a wafer-thin piece of recyclable stainless steel, which takes up no space in the medicine cabinet. There’s basically no opportunity cost to keep you from swapping out. And so, perhaps paradoxically, the low-tech blade is sharper and therefore better for the simple reason you'll likely change it more often.
The Leaf Thorn and Twig single-edged razors have the benefit of being elegant, with a short profile and a pleasing heft, available in colors from rose gold to chrome to “fig.” (Mine's just black.) Unlike older-school double-edged safety razors—and their awkward T-bone geometry that makes the under-chin a blind swipe—the single-edge Leaf will have a familiar asymmetric slant that aids in catching crannies wherever they may be.
The Leaf feels, in fact, like a razor you paid $60 for, which is a good thing, because that's what it costs. The savings come in over the life of the blade, as blade replacements remain vanishingly cheap: between a dime and a quarter apiece.
Note that the Dollar Shave Club operates on a similar business model, but with modern cartridge blades. They remove the inconvenience (and also the choice) surrounding blade replacements. If the blades just show up unbidden, you’re more likely to replace them often, and thus have sharp blades. Note, however, that the Dollar Shave Club is now more like $6 to $9 a month. Inflation comes for us all, even those of us named after dollar bills.
A sharp single blade is different, however. It requires a learning curve.
The Leaf safety razor comes in “Twig” and “Thorn” varieties. Of the two, the Thorn–which is designed to mow down coarse stubble like mine—is more “aggressive.” Aggressive means the blade gap is 0.2 millimeters larger, exposing more blade and thus offering the chance to potentially nick your Adam's apple if you're playing it loose. The first time I used it, I did indeed give my apple a little bird peck.
Single-Edge Razor
Rating: 8/10
If you buy something using links in our stories, we may earn a commission. This helps support our journalism. Learn more. Please also consider subscribing to WIRED
But this was a hiccup. By the next time I used the Thorn, I didn’t just jam it haphazardly against my neck the way I would a Gillette or an electric. I shaved in single, deliberate swipes. One swipe down, one swipe up, using gentle soap made from actual lathering with an actual brush, and my skin was as smooth as it had been since junior high, with less irritation than I’d get from most cartridge blades. It's also a much more mindful ritual, in the modern parlance of self-care—one that I came to value.
Still, if I were shaving legs or more concerned about avoiding the merest possibility of nicks, I’d probably just spring for the less aggressive Twig.
The Leaf’s most important design distinction from others in the long history of safety razors isn’t the blade gap, however. It’s the easy and pleasant swap-out mechanism. A double-edged safety blade tends to unscrew at the top. You take the whole top off, put a blade down, and then screw the thing back together. This is something that would cause me to be less likely to swap out the blade, and then eventually suffer a bad shave.
To swap out a blade on the Leaf Twig or Thorn, you just turn counterclockwise on the bottom of the handle. As you turn, the top of the Thorn corkscrews away from the blade, which slips right out. The process is almost fun, like clicking a Bic pen until it annoys your teacher.
The danger, unfortunately, is that doing so carelessly lets the blade slip a few degrees out of alignment with the safety edge—which hasn’t caused any effect I’ve noticed, but seems both solvable and less than ideal.
The plus side is that the ease and pleasantness of swapping blades encourages me to do so. And then I have a sharp blade. And (say it with me) the best blade is the sharp one.
Single-Edge Razor
Rating: 8/10
If you buy something using links in our stories, we may earn a commission. This helps support our journalism. Learn more. Please also consider subscribing to WIRED
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
12,2025-03-04,"Last year, we’ve featured a super cheap smart ring – BLE, accelerometer, heart sensor, and a battery, all in a tiny package that fits on your finger. Back when we covered it, we expected either reverse-engineering of stock firmware, or development of a custom firmware outright. Now, you might be overjoyed to learn that [Wesley Ellis] has written a Python client for the ring’s stock firmware.
Thanks to lack of any encryption whatsoever, you can simply collect the data from your ring, no pairing necessary, and [Wesley]’s work takes care of the tricky bits. So, if you want to start collecting data from this ring right now, integrate it into anything you want, such as your smart home or exoskeleton project, this client is enough. A few firmware secrets remain – for instance, the specific way that the ring keep track of day phases, or SPO2 intricacies. But there’s certainly enough here for you to get started with.
This program will work as long as your ring uses the QRing app – should be easy to check right in the store listing. Want to pick up the mantle and crack open the few remaining secrets? Everything is open-source, and there’s a notepad that follows the OG reverse-engineering journey, too. If you need a reminder on what this ring is cool for, here’s our original article on it.
Interested. The ring is a good form factor for something like this for someone who already wears a watch pretty much 24/7
What we need now is someone to write a simple customizable open source app so we don’t have to use a questionable and buggy chinese app that could, at any time, be updated to spy on you.
A big thank you to everyone who’s worked on reverse engineering these rings! It’s much appreciated!
You will be happy to learn about gadgetbridge (which partially support this ring !)
https://gadgetbridge.org/
Hey Chris! I am using the nightly version of Gadgetbridge and it works out of the box! Feel free to test it (https://gadgetbridge.org/)
Thanks everyone! I’ll check it out!
Bumped into one today. Already tested with my cheap colmi ring. works well so far. https://gadgetbridge.org/
Nice to see it being further Reversed!
Make sure to also check out the newer Ring with an LED Segment display inside for just a little more money
https://youtu.be/xOw-6uMfOjc
That looks like it has some much more potential… although I still can’t think of anything genuinely useful to do with it.
Autopost to social media whenever the user flips someone off.
e.g. HaHa flipped off a tourdefrog LARPing cyclist on Watt Ave near PitStop BBQ at 12.52.12.55 local time.
Needs camera.
OK not useful per se.
air enough.
The flipoff cam though.
Always ready to go.
Instinctual way to capture vid.
Use on alt finger in Germany and other nations without freedom of speech…I digress.
While I think the work done on this is plenty cool, hackvalue indeed, I also think what about the disposable nature of these things? How long do they last? How long do electronic devices in general last, especially “smart”-anything? Sure, they are really small, so the impact is probably small.
Still.
The attitude of just throwing stuff away to get a new shiny because, hey, shiny! is problematic. I know that many of us love to extend the usable life of devices as much as we can, but with this thing a battery replacement is out of the question.
Nothing has zero cost.
e.g. How often do you replace the stick up your…?
It’s small and cheap. Live a little. Stomp that throttle.
Could this ring possibly be paired to the flipper zero so you can use it to execute things on the flipper?
“ Thanks to lack of any encryption whatsoever, you can simply collect the data from your ring, no pairing necessary”
… that sounds bad? Does that mean accelerometer and heart data freely accessible to anyone in BLE range? This kinda data you probably do want encrypted.
I feel like this really stretches the term “smart”. If it had some kind of haptic feedback, maybe. The ability to communicate with the user wearing it would make it really useful. But as it is right now, it’s just a data collection device. And I’m not convinced that the accelerometer data collected from a finger would be very useful as fingers move around so much.
I bought one of these and the newer one with the OLED display: not that impressed. I ended up giving them away. The one with the display couldn’t even be set up to rotate the display 180° so the touch sensor was continually activated, let alone something as simple as brightness levels.
The ring in the article was fine for heartbeat measurement but steps & sleep recording were completely out of whack and the software wouldn’t even allow manual corrections.
These are novelty toys and fun for a few weeks but without a decent program to control/monitor them they’re nothing more.
I would be so appreciative if someone used this cmdline tool or its underlying client library to create a HomeAssistant addon for colmi rings. We’re tantalizingly close to a world where I can control my smart house with hand gestures on a $10 ring.
Please be kind and respectful to help make the comments section excellent. (Comment Policy)
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

						By using our website and services, you expressly agree to the placement of our performance, functionality and advertising cookies. Learn more"
13,2025-03-04,"The S&P 500 took a sharp hit on Tuesday as newly implemented tariffs rattled investors’ confidence and continued a selloff that has now fully erased the market’s gains since the election of President Donald Trump in November.
Trade war concerns prompted the S&P 500 to drop to an intraday low of 5,732.59 during a widespread market selloff, falling well below its  close of 5,929.04 on Nov. 6, the day after the election. The index, after having its worst day of the year on Monday, finished Tuesday with a loss of 1.2%.
“This is the first market day we’ve had in which investors have been saying they’re really afraid of an economic slowdown,” Chris Grisanti, chief market strategist at MAI Capital Management, told Quartz.
Trading was very unusual on Tuesday, with industrials and banks way off.
Other major indices, such as the Nasdaq Composite, shed 0.35%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 670 points or 1.5% by the end of the day in New York.
Tesla (TSLA+5.27%) stock declined on Tuesday due to rising fears about tariffs among investors — car prices may be driven higher by the duties. The company also has a large presence in China, including a major assembly plant, and so may be vulnerable to retaliation by Beijing.
Additionally, Bank of America (BAC+1.91%) reduced its price target for the stock to $380 from $490 while maintaining a Neutral rating. Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas yesterday had designated Tesla stock as a “Top Pick” in the U.S. automotive sector and raised his price target to $430.
Target’s (TGT+0.54%) stock fell after it said it expects a “meaningful” year-on-year decline in first-quarter profits compared and CEO Brian Cornell warned that the new tariffs may prompt the retailer to increase prices as soon as next week. The company’s fourth-quarter earnings beat Wall Street’s expectations.
Best Buy (BBY+1.11%) stock dropped 12% after company executives warned that the duties could increase the prices of goods it sells and could reduce its comparable sales if they stay in place for a full year. The electronics retailer reported fourth-quarter results that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations.
Chipotle (CMG+2.64%) shares declined due to concerns about the restaurant chain’s dependence on avocados that are 50% sourced from Mexico. The company has said its diverse supply chain could help it withstand the tariffs.
— Francisco Velasquez and Josh Fellman contributed to this article.
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
14,2025-03-04,"TCL is bringing AI smarts to $200 phones with a little help from the cloud.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

At MWC 2025, TCL unveiled its expanded 60 series lineup and shared its plan to bring advanced AI features to budget-friendly phones worldwide.
TCL stands out by making tech more accessible instead of chasing the high-end market. TCL differentiates itself from premium brands by offering phones with flagship-like features at a price point of around $200. That also means bringing AI to its devices requires a fresh, straightforward approach.
Instead of packing pricey AI chips into every phone, TCL is going all-in on the cloud. This lets the company roll out AI features no matter what hardware a user has.
The TCL 60 series made its debut at CES 2025 in January, kicking off with the TCL 60 XE NXTPAPER 5G, a $200 phone set to hit the U.S. market later this year. But that’s just the start. TCL plans to expand the lineup with a mix of NXTPAPER-equipped devices and standard displays, rolling them out across Asia, Europe, and Latin America to cover all the bases.
TCL's NXTPAPER tech mimics the feel of real paper, making screens easier on the eyes. The 2025 lineup debuts NXTPAPER 4.0, which cuts down on glare, filters blue light, and delivers spot-on colors to ease eye strain and make every glance at the screen a little nicer.
Leading the pack is the TCL 60 NXTPAPER, featuring TCL’s signature eye-friendly display for around €200, but you’ll only find it in Latin America and Asia-Pacific. Next up, the TCL 60 SE NXTPAPER 5G brings 5G support at a slightly lower €190 and expands availability to Europe.
If you just want 5G without the NXTPAPER perks, the TCL 60 5G lands at €170 and is rolling out in Europe and Asia-Pacific. The TCL 60 SE, also priced at €170, gets an even wider release, hitting the Middle East and Africa too.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
For budget-conscious buyers, the TCL 60R 5G is priced at just €120 and widely available. And finally, the most affordable of the bunch, the TCL 605, comes in at €110, launching in the same regions as the 60 SE.
Jay Bonggolto always keeps a nose for news. He has been writing about consumer tech and apps for as long as he can remember, and he has used a variety of Android phones since falling in love with Jelly Bean. Send him a direct message via Twitter or LinkedIn.
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.
Samsung's Exynos woes might negatively impact its Galaxy Z Flip FE future
The Motorola Razr Plus (2024) just crashed well below its Black Friday price, but there's a catch
Gemini is taking over Chromebooks, leaving Google Assistant in the dust

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
15,2025-03-04,"Split in two by a highway—as communities of color often are—the Greenwood District of Tulsa, Oklahoma, was once known as America’s Black Wall Street. At the start of the 20th century, Greenwood was home to one of America’s most affluent Black communities, including a notable density of doctors, lawyers, bankers, and entrepreneurs. I didn’t fully appreciate the neighborhood’s significance when I pulled up to the Greenwood Cultural Center during my first visit to Tulsa in January 2019. With its quiet streets and empty parking lots, Greenwood seemed like so many of the places I’d been to before. But small commemorative plaques on the sidewalks where businesses once stood hinted at an overlooked and extraordinary history.
I was there because the George Kaiser Family Foundation had invited me to town to consider working with them on an economic development project. GKFF is a multibillion-dollar philanthropy that combats intergenerational poverty in Tulsa, making it one of the largest foundations in the United States dedicated to improving lives in a single city. At the time, I was living in Manhattan and leading the cornerstone of Mayor Bill de Blasio’s jobs plan—Cyber NYC, an initiative of the New York City Economic Development Corporation. The New York Times called this public–private partnership “among the nation’s most ambitious cybersecurity initiatives,” and GKFF reached out to gauge my interest in helping Tulsa develop its own cyber ecosystem.
My trip happened to coincide with a visit by former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg. He was in Tulsa to award the Greenwood Cultural Center a million-dollar grant for a public arts project depicting the 1921 Tulsa Race Massacre that destroyed Black Wall Street. I arrived before the event and wandered around the center, browsing the photographs and news clippings from the tragedy: a White mob attacked Black residents, burned down more than a thousand of their homes, and ruined nearly 200 businesses. I was horrified by the images of charred houses, dead bodies, smoke billowing in the air, land scorched and flattened, rubble drenched by fire hoses. The mob killed as many as 300 Black Tulsans, devastating what legendary sociologist W. E. B. Du Bois called the most “highly organized” Black community he’d ever seen. It was America’s worst episode of racist violence in the 20th century, and its impact lingers to this day.
Buy This Book at:
If you buy something using links in our stories, we may earn a commission. This helps support our journalism. Learn more.
Understandably, the event at the center had a religious solemnity to it. There were prayers for the victims and moments of silence. Speakers reflected on all that was lost in 1921 and again during the period of urban renewal when, in the late 1960s and early ’70s, the community was torn apart for a second time by I-244, the highway that runs through Greenwood today. At the center, there were pleas for neighborhood investment, hope of revitalization, and murmurs about reparations. Speeches reminiscent of Sunday sermons joined with the political rhetoric of local elected officials, such as City Councilor Vanessa Hall-Harper and Mayor G. T. Bynum, who had just authorized a search for unmarked graves to determine the massacre’s total number of victims.
Juxtaposed against these grim remarks were the flashing cameras, news media, and public excitement that accompany the presence of not just one but two of America’s wealthiest men. Mayor Bloomberg was joined that day by another billionaire, George Kaiser, a lifelong Tulsan and the founder of GKFF. The mix of Black trauma and White philanthropy created a peculiar vibe in the event space, at once somber and thrilling, mournful and hopeful. The dramatic tension in the air mesmerized me, and it caused me to wonder about how Black trauma is often portrayed as spectacle; how White philanthropists relate to the diverse communities they seek to serve; how Greenwood reflects the contemporary effects of past injustice; and what it would take to create economic opportunities for Tulsa’s Black, Indigenous, and White working-class citizens.
The event helped me see a cultural kinship that I hadn’t expected, one that would begin pulling me inexorably toward Tulsa. Listening to Tulsans talk about racism, poverty, and trauma, the need for Greenwood’s redevelopment, and the city’s broader desire to change economic course transported me back to my childhood in New Orleans—growing up in a White working-class family with a single mom, wrestling with feelings of alienation, and living through Hurricane Katrina. I was a stranger in Tulsa, but I felt at home. For me, Greenwood could have easily been the Lower Ninth Ward. I gravitated toward Tulsa’s trauma because it resembled my own, and I understood the city’s need to reckon with it because I had undergone a similar journey myself.
I sensed that both Tulsa and I had chips on our shoulders. Underestimated, we both had something to prove, and I realized that this underdog city had so much more potential than people gave it credit for. A few months later, in September 2019, I packed up my life on the Upper East Side and again lit out for the territory of northeast Oklahoma—this time for more than just a visit.
In January 2020, right before Covid-19’s emergence in the United States, I founded Tulsa Innovation Labs with GKFF’s support. Our organization kicked off a citywide effort to build Tulsa’s innovation economy from the ground up. Like too many places, Tulsa had become complacent with its economy, relying on its oil and gas legacy without investing in a tech ecosystem that could create startups or more durable jobs. For decades, Tulsa struggled to reverse the spiral of economic decline and brain drain initiated by postindustrialism, and it became isolated from the US innovation system—a network of tech companies, venture capital, and research and development. And with automation projected to displace one in four jobs by 2030, disproportionately affecting Black and brown Americans, Tulsa needed to act immediately if it wanted to stay relevant in the 21st century. Tulsa was far from alone in this predicament; most of its midsize-city peers are facing the same challenges. But what made Tulsa unique was the unprecedented ambition to chart a new path forward.
At the same time, Tulsa provided an unlikely case study of economic transformation for another reason: It’s America in miniature. Indeed, when modern-day Don Drapers want to test a product’s national appeal, they get out of Manhattan and head to Tulsa. Tulsa’s mix of demographics and its cultural ambiguity—is it the Midwest or the South?—have made the city ideal for piloting new products for decades, from soft drinks to laundry detergents, pizza to draft beer. Reporting on research that found Tulsa’s demographics “match national averages more closely than any other city,” a 1993 article in the Oklahoman asks a curious question: “Toss the United States into a blender, crank it up and what do you get?” The answer, the article says, is a “big Tulsa puree.”
Of course, the country has changed a lot since the ’90s—economically and demographically. Over those years, Tulsa diversified as did America writ large, and the city became majority minority in 2021. The city’s present racial makeup demonstrates America’s own demographic evolution. Oklahoma represents the sad conclusion of the Trail of Tears, and Tulsa serves as the meeting point for tribal nations—the Osage, Muscogee, and Cherokee. The legacy of 1921 holds special resonance for the city’s Black communities. And a more recent influx of Asian and Hispanic residents has helped Tulsa maintain its status as one of the most representative cities in America.
If the city that embodies the American mosaic mirrors the country’s changing demographics, it also functions as a microcosm for a less positive pattern: Tulsa has fallen out of step with the innovation economies that have bloomed on the coasts, exemplifying a larger trend in the region of which it is a part—the American Heartland.
The Heartland is a political and economic organ that transcends geography, an idea shaped by our own worldviews. Calling “place” a projection, the midwestern novelist Jonathan Franzen asserts that the Heartland is “an idea that exists in a duality with the coasts,” with each representing what the other isn’t. For some coastal residents today, the Heartland may be a reactionary void, backward in thinking with nothing to offer the nation. For those who associate with the Heartland, they may see it as embodying community, faith, and humility. Cable news shows air dueling narratives about which is the “Real America.” But in recent years, there may be a shared understanding that the coasts offer an abundance of opportunity while the Heartland increasingly doesn’t.
What I discovered in Tulsa was that the Heartland encompasses the great middle of the country—not only in geographic terms but in societal, cultural, and even spiritual ones. For me, the Heartland represents midsize cities like Tulsa, middle-class citizens, and those striving to reach the middle class. “Whether the mythical heartland is celebrated or reviled,” historian Kristin L. Hoganson writes, “it fosters the perception that there is a gulf between the center and the edges, between the heart and the national body.” No matter its definition or borders, this perception is real: the Heartland does, indeed, represent a divide. We typically think of people lacking opportunities as marginalized, operating on the edges of society. But the Heartland rightly shows us that the metaphor is inverted—those on the margins of economic opportunity represent the vast middle, while coastal tech hubs, through their concentrated wealth, are in the minority and yet firmly in power.
Every city wants to become a tech hub, but only a handful on the coasts rule America’s innovation system—and that’s a problem. The Brookings Institution found that between 2005 and 2017, 90 percent of growth from the country’s innovation sector came from just five coastal metros. And from July 2022 through July 2023, six coastal cities accounted for almost 50 percent of all US job postings in generative artificial intelligence (AI), which is the cutting edge of today’s tech industry. Through the clustering of talent, industry, and capital and the agglomeration economics that result, big coastal cities like New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Seattle, Boston, and Washington, DC, have monopolized innovation and its myriad benefits. This narrow geographic distribution of the innovation economy leaves Heartland cities out and restricts opportunities for most of the population.
Consequently, the American Dream—the notion that through hard work everyone has an equal opportunity to lead a good and decent life so that successive generations are better off—is moving further out of reach for more people. In 2023, citing rising income inequality, the Harvard economist Raj Chetty said, “If we look at what has happened over time, we see a dramatic fading of the American Dream such that for children born in the middle of the 1980s and the 1990s who are entering the labor market today, it’s now become a coin flip, a 50-50 shot, as to whether you’re going to do better than your parents.” These are unacceptable odds that undermine faith in American democracy and capitalism, and they’re only going to get worse unless Heartland cities act with urgency to reset their economies.
Heartland cities like Tulsa can and must be actors in the innovation economy, which, despite its inequitable access, remains the best opportunity for long-term job and wealth creation. But they don’t need to compete with the big coastal hubs. Middleweights are in a class of their own, and they should strive to become the best version of themselves.
Midsize cities like Tulsa, with metropolitan statistical area populations between 1 and 3 million people, already have the foundation to support a tech ecosystem: population density, cultural amenities, as well as a relatively low cost of living that can de-risk entrepreneurship. Pandemic workforce trends have highlighted these advantages, as members of the creative class can now more easily search for a better quality of life and move away from coastal cities, where growth and equity too often work in opposition. Established tech hubs are driving out even the well compensated, and this cohort of mobile talent is finding benefits in unassuming places like Tulsa. This influx of talent creates an opportunity for any city that can attract and retain them.
Despite possessing many of the key elements for a tech eco system, too many Heartland cities have also shut themselves out of the innovation economy by clinging to outdated notions of economic development, by underinvesting in their communities, or by holding on to a nostalgic sense of culture—an aversion to change that has led to counterproductive policies that turn off outside tech talent and investors and do nothing to foster home grown ecosystems. While most change happens organically over time, skyrocketing domestic inequality and widening geographic disparities in tech have brought us to an inflection point as a country. Heartland cities need to pivot with intention and haste—or risk dying out.
Taken from Reinventing the Heartland by Nicholas Lalla Copyright © 2025 by Nicholas Lalla. Used by permission of Harper Horizon, a division of HarperCollins Focus, LLC.
In your inbox: Upgrade your life with WIRED-tested gear
Musk takeover: DOGE’s race to the bottom
Big Story: The bust that took down Durov and upended Telegram
WIRED’s favorite ‘buy it for life’ gear
Event: Join us for WIRED Health on March 18 in London
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
16,2025-03-04,"
Although Phillip Potthast has been reading Core77 since his time as an industrial design student, he never anticipated that he might one day appear in its pages talking about bees. ""I was more into automotive and car design, actually,"" he reminisces. ""And I've just pivoted, one hundred and eighty degrees, into tree hollows.""
Phillip Potthast's novel beehive design, HIIVE, evolved out of an industrial design thesis that originally sought to create a more ergonomic hive. After venturing into the field, however, Potthast witnessed first-hand the beekeepers' treatments against Varroa mites - a common honeybee parasite - and the aftereffects that these treatments had on the bees themselves. Ergonomics, he quickly realized, may not be the most pressing challenge that many beekeepers faced.
Enter a caption (optional)
Enter a caption (optional)
Enter a caption (optional)
When you're so happy with your molded parts you show them the beach at sunset.
Honey bees help to pollinate as much as three-quarters of all flowers, and a third of the world's crops. These crucial critters, however, now find themselves also facing modern stressors like climate change, pesticides, and industrial food systems. In response, Potthast's designs aim to improve a beehive's overall health by harkening back to the era before humans developed the squat, utilitarian, honey-farming bee boxes that now dominate your average apiary. Left to their own devices in nature, honeybees often set up shop in the hollows of centuries-old tree trunks.

""Bees actually behave a bit like a power plant,"" Potthast explains. ""In summer and winter alike, they manage a relatively complex thermodynamic and hydrodynamic system. They constantly create a microclimate, which we specifically support through our product."" Even when the outside temperature drops to freezing, this cluster of bees can maintain a core temperature as high as thirty degrees Celsius while safely nestled in HIIVE's 44-liter cavity. The bees enter through an angled ""flight hole"" at the bottom, which enables both easy entry and defense against intruders.



""The first prototypes, actually, had been just for the bees. It was a nightmare to use,"" Potthast recalls, sitting within arm's reach of a HIIVE in the company's offices, on the outskirts of Berlin. ""It only became human-centered and user-friendly in the second phase.""
Some of HIIVE's current design stems not just from human usage, but human regulation (under German law, for example, beehives must provide access to the breeding room to allow testing for American foulbrood, a spore-forming bacterium that can be fatal to colonies). Compared to classic hives, HIIVE also does not aim to maximize extraction of honey for human consumption. This novel model, however, has occasionally resulted in a significant learning curve for novice beekeepers.
""We have a really, really low Varroa mite pressure in our beehives,"" Potthast says, referring to the degree of infestation (for which beekeeping guidelines typically suggest a treatment every few months, to keep the infestation below two mites for every hundred bees). ""For some people, it's even hard to believe if they don't try it themselves. We have the customers thinking they don't have Varroa pressure, and therefore some of them think they don't need treatments. But you have to read the bees in a much different way than in a box."" Since its launch, HIIVE been working to release a full tutorial for their users: ""You can do so much wrong with bees,"" Potthast cautions.
Early on, Phillip Potthast found a willing collaborator in his partner, Fabian Wischmann, whose knowledge of business and startups became a key ingredient of HIIVE's success. Together, Potthast and Wischmann launched a Kickstarter in 2022 that exceeded their goals more than fifteen-fold - raising over 140,000 Euros, from hundreds of backers. Their success, however, did not come about purely organically. ""You really have to invest substantial amounts to gain necessary visibility,"" Potthast notes. ""It's a pay-to-win system. You need an advertising agency. Otherwise, you're just going totally under.""



The HIIVE team did, unfortunately, encounter multiple production delays over the following two years (suppliers that ordered the incorrect steel, for instance). But HIIVE remains quite satisfied with their partners: some of their 2023 updates, for instance, included videos of the injection molding at Irmamolde facilities in Portugal; the HIIVE's fabric cover, meanwhile, comes from a German mountaineering company, VAUDE, that already had experience making waterproof, UV-resistant PFAS-free gear (PFASs, or ""per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances,"" are a group of synthetic chemicals notorious as persistent organic pollutants, also known as ""forever chemicals""). Backers' orders began to ship early last year.
The vast majority of HIIVE's supporters - ninety-six percent, at HIIVE's count - consider themselves hobbyists. One such backer, Thomas Zimmerling of Frankfurt, has a day job as a managing director of a consulting firm, but happily testified to his experiences with the HIIVE after almost a year of use. ""The materials are extremely high quality,"" Zimmerling reported, in an email to Core77. ""HIIVE requires less effort [than traditional hives]: I can check the condition of the bee colony very quickly, don't have to worry about additional insulation in winter, and can treat against the Varroa mite very easily.""



Another one of HIIVE's most compelling features, however, is still waiting to be released. ""This is our sensor,"" Potthast says, dangling a small collection of circuit boards and wires in his fingers. ""It's beautiful,"" he muses, admiringly. ""A masterpiece of electrical engineering. The result of cross-disciplinary collaboration - which is not solely my achievement.""
Although each HIIVE can function without the sensor and accompanying gateway - a palm-sized device with three finger-sized antennas - the electronics would allow keepers to monitor a swarm's activity, arrival, or even level of vibrations within the hive (as a proxy for the brood's health and mood).
These electronic components, however, have taken significant time to perfect. ""The sensors have a runtime of one year,"" Potthast says. ""Taking something to such a low power is a lot of work, and also a lot of engineering."" HIIVE has also been saddled with having to certify three different radio signals - LoRaWAN, WiFi, and BLE - across multiple countries. This array of signals aims to cover multiple use cases - from HIIVEs kept within wifi range in a back garden, to a keeper who keeps them on a distant property and would utilize a GSM module (as used in cell phones) to monitor them from afar. As a result, HIIVE is currently in the process of launching a second Kickstarter - but this time, purely for the electronics.
Enter a caption (optional)


Going forward, Potthast feels especially excited to have their work officially assessed by animal scientists, whose research he'd heavily incorporated into HIIVE's design. ""All the bullet points from the scientists that they'd gathered over the years,"" Potthast explains, ""by observing tree hollows, the most natural home of honeybees: we took these scientific findings, shaped them, and turned this knowledge about bee tree hollows into a product/tool to make it accessible for beekeepers and their animals."" Just this year, HIIVE has partnered with a consortium of bee scientists who have undertaken observations on a set of ten hives, which would help grant legitimacy to the company's claims of having such low Varroa mite pressure.
""Normally, as an industrial designer, you take care of usability: things have to look nice, and shiny, and the most ergonomic,"" Potthast opines. ""But to mimic a 200 to 300-year-old tree hollow? That was quite a task."" 
Enter a caption (optional)
Enter a caption (optional)
Enter a caption (optional)
Enter a caption (optional)

Test it out; it only takes a single click to unsubscribe
Springtime is a creative force that develops exciting, sustainable and paradigm-shifting products, b...
Y Studios is an award-winning Industrial Design and Research consultancy in San Francisco with exten...
PENSA is an award-winning industrial design and consultancy firm that combines strategy, design, and...
Founded by an award-winning team with over 20 years of combined product design experience, Hatch Duo...
Datum3D is a one-stop shop product development company located in the Greater Boston Area. Founded i...
We're a full-service branding and creative agency. We specialize in building brands, companies and o...
What is your future in a connected world?

We create impactful strategies and build beautiful connec...

Don't have an account? Join Now
Create a Core77 Account
Already have an account? Sign In

        By creating a Core77 account you confirm that you accept the Terms of Use

Please enter your email and we will send an email to reset your password.
The Core77 Design Awards Final Deadline Is March 25"
17,2025-03-04,"Travel bag or photo workstation, you choose.
If you buy something from a Verge link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.
by  Thomas Ricker
If you buy something from a Verge link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.
Let me lay my cards on the table: I’m a big fan of Peak Design bags and have been for almost a decade. That’s why I jumped at the chance to review the company’s first roller bag with admittedly high expectations.
Like Peak Design’s new Outdoor Backpack I recently reviewed, the four-wheel roller bag didn’t elicit a great first impression. It’s just another wheeled carryon, I thought, and my god, the price! It took a 10-hour train ride to the French Alps, two bus rides, and 10km of dragging it over cobblestones, ice, snow, muck, gravel, curbs, and silky smooth walkways to understand how this bag improves upon the competition.
But I’m still not convinced by the $599.95 list price, and that’s before spending another $139.95 for Peak Design’s new XL Camera Cube. Fortunately, those prices are slightly improved during the company’s traditional Kickstarter launch cycle.
7
Verge Score
“Drawbridge” opening is the star Convenient external carry optionsWorks as travel or camera bagProtects like a hardshell with soft-shell features
ExpensiveThe Cord Hook retention system can be fiddlySlightly heavier than some competitors
Peak Design says the Roller Pro is made with “entirely-custom parts and assemblies” — not cheap off-the-shelf catalog components with sloppy tolerances — to maximize the usable interior space that, notably, can be expanded from 34L to 39L with a zip.
But my favorite aspect of this bag is how it opens. Instead of using a traditional clamshell design, requiring twice the footprint when splayed, it opens like a drawbridge. The hinged opening works with or without two nylon support cords that can be adjusted to better hold the lid when weighed down by heavy items in the pockets. This approach simplified access when in confined spaces like a train and my tiny hotel room. Conversely, it meant I had to stack items inside the bag, requiring some digging, but I was happy with this tradeoff.
I also like the versatility. I tested it as a travel bag, but given Peak Design’s heritage, it’s also designed as a gear bag for photographers that converts into a workstation upon arrival at your job site. The bag works with Peak Design’s ecosystem of camera and packing cubes, including the new XL Camera Cube which fills the entire cavity and able to fit a giant 400mm prime lens used by sports and nature photographers. With the drawbridge open, you have quick access to all your gear protected by the cube, and your cables, cards, batteries, and other accessories stored in the three translucent pockets of the organization panel.
The Roller Pro comes with a pair of elastic bands for Peak Design’s “Cord Hook” system. It’s the same approach used on the company’s Outdoor Backpack, and lets you lash items to integrated gear loops scattered all around the inside and outside of the bag. I found these to be super useful for carrying my helmet and / or snowboard jacket on top, for example, without blocking the handle or the drawbridge opening. Those bands can also secure a tripod to the side of the bag.
According to San Francisco-based Peak Design, the Roller Pro is designed to compete with high-end brands like Briggs & Riley, Tumi, Manfrotto, “and even Louis Vuitton” — bags that start at around $400 and peak well above $1,000 — not carry-on rollers from best-selling brands like Travelpro, AER, and Away that are priced closer to $300 and perform very well for most people.
There are so many more useful and thoughtful touches found on the Roller Pro — like a hidden pouch for Apple’s AirTag tracker; a plush front pocket for quick access to passports, chargers, keys, glasses, and earbuds; and a protected sleeve for a laptop/tablet — that it’s worth seriously considering Peak Design’s first roller bag if you can afford it and you’re already in the market for a new carry-on.
But there’s nothing here that would compel me to retire one of my current rollers, purchased for less than half the price and still going strong after ten-plus years of global travel. I’m also not a professional photographer and have long thought that Tumi bags are grossly overpriced.
The $599.95 Peak Design Roller Pro can be preordered with Kickstarter discounts starting today. The best deal will get you the Roller Pro for $425 with deliveries set to begin in August and beyond depending upon demand. If you don’t want to wait, then you can pay $525 to have a Roller Pro shipped in May from a batch of bags already produced. The XL Camera Cube is also temporarily discounted to $99.
Photography by Thomas Ricker / The Verge

A weekly newsletter by David Pierce designed to tell you everything you need to download, watch, read, listen to, and explore that fits in The Verge’s universe.
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved"
18,2025-03-04,"The ES90 is Volvo’s longest-range, fastest-charging, and most advanced EV ever.
The ES90 is Volvo’s longest-range, fastest-charging, and most advanced EV ever.
by  Andrew J. Hawkins
Volvo has pulled back the curtain on its upcoming ES90 electric sedan with 434 miles of range and a tech stack that includes Nvidia’s powerful Drive AGX Orin computer in a dual setup.
Volvo has been trickling news out about the ES90 over the past several weeks, but today’s announcement includes our first full look at the sedan and a full rundown on its specs, including an 800-volt architecture for fast charging and the aforementioned Nvidia system-on-a-chip.
The ES90 boasts Volvo’s longest range, fastest charging speed, and most advanced computing system of all its vehicles. The sedan will arrive with 700km of range (434.9 miles) based on the generous WLTP standard. (The EPA rating is likely to be less.)
The ES90 will come in three different variants. There’s the base model with a single motor mounted on the rear axle, with 245kW (329 horsepower) of power output and 354 lb-ft of torque. The dual-motor all-wheel drive version can put out 330kW (442hp) of power and 494 lb-ft of torque. And the dual-motor Performance ES90 can churn out 500kW (670hp) of power and 635 lb-ft of torque.
The single-motor trim sports a 92kWh battery, 88kWh of which is usable, and can accept up to 300kW of DC fast charging. Both dual-motor setups include 106kWh batteries (102kWh usable) and can draw in 350kW of fast charging.
The ES90 tops out at 112mph, as per Volvo’s policy of speed-limiting its vehicles. But the acceleration specs sound impressive, with a zero to 60mph time of 3.9 seconds for the Performance trim and 6.7 and 5.3 seconds, respectively, on the single- and dual-motor setups. 
In addition, the ES90 will showcase new battery management software, allowing it to gain 300km (186 miles) of range in just 10 minutes of charging, while a 10–80 percent charge will be completed in 20 minutes. The 800-volt system is unique in Volvo’s lineup, but it’s comparable to other fast-charging EVs, like the Hyundai Ioniq 5 and Kia EV6.
The acceleration specs sound impressive, with a zero to 60mph time of 3.9 seconds for the Performance trim.
The overall profile is tall and slightly boxy. Volvo said it wanted to purposefully blur the line between sedan and SUV, which is probably why the ES90 seems so reminiscent of the Polestar 2 fastback. (Polestar and Volvo are essentially cousins, both operating under the umbrella of parent company Geely.) Distinctively, it’s a high-riding sedan, with a height of 60.9 inches, placing it alongside other tall-ish sedans like the Toyota Crown (60.6 inches).
The ES90’s roofline is sleek, its door handles flush, and it has a lidar sensor mounted on the roof. The front end resembles the EX90, featuring Volvo’s signature “Thor’s hammer” LED headlights, with new C-shaped LED lights in the rear. There’s ample cargo space, with 424 liters of room that can grow to 733 liters with the rear seats folded down. The ES90 also features a 22-liter frunk (front trunk) for charging cable storage. The panoramic roof is electrochromic for adjustable transparency on sunny days, too. 
Like other Volvo EVs, the ES90 features Google’s built-in infotainment system, which includes native apps like Google Maps, Google Assistant, and Google Play. Qualcomm’s Snapdragon Cockpit Platform powers the 5G system. And the five-inch instrument cluster resides alongside a larger 14.5-inch center screen display. 
Like the EX90 SUV, the ES90 is built on Volvo’s new Superset tech stack, which includes dual Nvidia computers with the ability to perform 508 trillion operations per second (TOPS). This will come in handy when managing functionalities such as “AI-based, state-of-the-art active safety features, car sensors and efficient battery management.” 
The ES90’s roofline is sleek, its door handles flush, and it has a lidar sensor mounted on the roof.
The ES90 is built on Volvo’s SPA2 architecture and will be the second vehicle, after the EX90, to be based on the Superset tech stack. Superset is a modular engineering platform that the company says will be used to make safer cars more efficiently and to improve them over time through over-the-air software updates.
This is Volvo’s sixth all-electric vehicle, joining the EX90 SUV, EM90 van (China only), EX40 SUV, EC40 crossover, and EX30 compact SUV. The Swedish automaker had said it would be 100 percent EV sales by 2030, but it recently updated that timeline to reflect the global slowdown in EV sales. Volvo is now saying that it will rely on a mix of hybrids and battery-electric vehicles to reach its new goal of selling “90 to 100 percent... electrified models” by 2030. 
The ES90 is an interesting addition, especially considering most US automakers have dropped sedans from their lineups in favor of trucks and SUVs. Volvo is hoping its electric sedan can fill a gap in the market, though it could prove difficult. Volkswagen recently canceled plans to sell its own electric sedan, the ID.7, in the US.
The ES90 will join the recently facelifted gas-powered S90 sedan, which starts in the US at around $59,000. Starting today, the EV version is available to order in most European countries, though Volvo has yet to announce when it will be available in the US. The automaker also did not disclose the price.
“We will share additional details on the US ES90 offer at a later date, closer to customer deliveries,” Volvo spokesperson Sophia Durr said.

A weekly newsletter by David Pierce designed to tell you everything you need to download, watch, read, listen to, and explore that fits in The Verge’s universe.
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved"
19,2025-03-04,"Global stocks struggled on Tuesday as President Donald Trump’s latest batch of tariffs took effect, targeting Canada, Mexico and China. But even more troubling, according to some, was the reaction in the U.S. dollar."
20,2025-03-04,"Nvidia-backed Coreweave files to go public, while Amazon-backed Athropic announces a private-market valuation of $61.5 billion."
21,2025-03-04,U.S. oil companies see stock buybacks and dividend hikes as more attractive than boosting production.
22,2025-03-04,"No activation or trade-in required. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Forget the Galaxy S25 and iPhone 16e, if you're in the market for a new phone, I just found a Google Pixel 9 deal worth celebrating. For a limited time, Best Buy and a few other retailers have decided to suddenly carve $200 off the base model Pixel 9, no strings attached and no trade-in required. 
The Pixel 9 is an AI-boosted flagship with outstanding cameras, an elegant design, and seven years of OS/security updates guaranteed. Simply add the phone to your cart to enjoy the 25% discount instantly, or you can activate the phone through your carrier on Best Buy's site to receive an additional $100 discount. 
Google Pixel 9 128GB: $799 $599 unlocked | $499 with activation at Best Buy
The first great Pixel 9 deal of 2025 has landed. Order the popular flagship unlocked from Best Buy and you'll score a straight $200 discount, no strings attached, or activate the phone through your carrier to increase the discount to $300. 
The Google Pixel 9 is one of the best compact phones around, utilizing the powerful Tensor G4 chipset and a suite of innovative AI features to bring you peak Android performance all day long. You also get seven years of OS updates, 12GB of RAM, and a beautiful 120Hz AMOLED display. 
Google Pixel 9 128GB: $799 $399, plus one year of Unlimited for $180 at Mint Mobile
Would you like to pair your new phone with a fresh new wireless service? Check out this deal that carves $400 off the Google Pixel 9 AND drops a year of Mint Mobile's Unlimited plan down to only $180 when you pay for both at the same time. 
That means you could be getting a great Android phone and a full 12 months of one of our favorite data plans for only $579 (or $49 per month using affirm). Considering that Mint just removed the 40GB data cap from its Unlimited plan, there's never been a better time to join.
✅The Google Pixel 9 is recommended if: you want a stylish phone with great camera tech, AI features, and seven years of software support; you don't mind a smaller device. 
❌Skip this Google Pixel 9 deal if: you prefer large phones; you're looking for a trade-in opportunity; you can afford slightly better alternatives, such as the OnePlus 13, the Galaxy S25 Ultra, or one of Google's Pro models. 
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
After almost a decade of working in the e-commerce space, Patrick Farmer (he/him) began his career at Android Central as a Deals and Commerce Writer before moving into a new role as AC's eCommerce Editor in 2023. When he's not hunting down the best deals and offering shopping advice for our readers, you'll often find him listening to music, camping out at a brewery, or treating his cat like a human child. 
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.
Samsung's Exynos woes might negatively impact its Galaxy Z Flip FE future
The Motorola Razr Plus (2024) just crashed well below its Black Friday price, but there's a catch
Gemini is taking over Chromebooks, leaving Google Assistant in the dust

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
23,2025-03-04,Cybersecurity company’s stock falls in the wake of a larger-than-expected loss and disappointing profit guidance
24,2025-03-04,"
					
						
						Follow Slashdot blog updates by subscribing to our blog RSS feed


Nickname:



Password:



Nickname:



Password:



The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them.  We are not responsible for them in any way.

I have an EV.  My homes AC and Heat pump uses more power than my EV.  But no one is really complaining about home Climate Control as a drain on our power generation.  Heck power companies are saying we should switch to heat pumps.
As well normal conditions EVs charge during the night while energy consumption is low, and helps balance the demand of the power grid, to allow more efficient use of the existing grid.
What you really should be concerned about is the AI farms, the AI based server farms chew up a hec 
Go look at the efficiency of power plants and EVs. You will get more miles and less emissions out of putting the fossil fuels into power plants and charging EVs.
Sunlight and wind is literally free. As much as you like. But if you want to pay more for energy you can do that.
Agreed. Still have my eye on a 1978 C3 Stingray Corvette. ICE, ICE baby.

I'm still wanting to get and do a resto-mod of a 1976 Trans Am 455 4-speed.  Something that gets 10 gallons to the mile.

I'd love to get one and take off all the stuff they were doing at the end to restrict airflow and HP....and open that sucker up, with a modern suspension.

I also like that last year with the round headlights....real vintage looking with the screaming chicken.

I love the old Vettes too....but I had a new C5 6 speed wh 
and future generations won't care about what you thought was cool in 2025No one is buying a classic car for a future generation. People do what pleases themselves. There's no reason a classic car needs to remain in its original state other than for collection and resale value. The GP clearly intended to actually drive it.
and future generations won't care about what you thought was cool in 2025
No one is buying a classic car for a future generation. People do what pleases themselves. There's no reason a classic car needs to remain in its original state other than for collection and resale value. The GP clearly intended to actually drive it.
You must be a lot of fun at parties.
According to which tests? Euro, NHTSA, something else?
It helps BYD is a state funded entity.  Sell at losses globally as long as granpa Xi keeps funding the losses through government loans.  Any chinese company that supports the government agenda becomes a government department to keep going, no matter the P&LYes that has been analysed extensively and it was shown to make up 17% of the price of the car. That's why the EU placed this tariff on them. Unfortunately that doesn't cover the rest of the quality vs cost benefit of BYD. For that you need to look at the actual business practices of these companies such as having their own fully integrated vertical supply chain.
It helps BYD is a state funded entity.  Sell at losses globally as long as granpa Xi keeps funding the losses through government loans.  Any chinese company that supports the government agenda becomes a government department to keep going, no matter the P&L
Yes that has been analysed extensively and it was shown to make up 17% of the price of the car. That's why the EU placed this tariff on them. Unfortunately that doesn't cover the rest of the quality vs cost benefit of BYD. For that you need to look at the actual business practices of these companies such as having their own fully integrated vertical supply chain.
That's my understanding too.  It's not that they're super high quality, its that they're ""good enough"" and a LOT cheaper.
Which honestly is holding back EV adoption in western countries.  Many people can't afford a new car period - they shop used.  Of those that do buy a new car there are a lot of sales on relatively low priced budget cars (ie, the Toyota Corolla).  I know plenty of people who would scoff at the idea of putting more than $6k-$7k into a car (they're obviously in the buy used camp).
No EV's on 
I know plenty of people who would scoff at the idea of putting more than $6k-$7k into a car (they're obviously in the buy used camp).No EV's on the market can compete anywhere near the price point needed for mass adoption.And as a double whammy, the lower income people who wouldn't pay more than $7k for a car often also don't have means for home or work charging, so charging an EV is much more inconvenient than fueling up a gas car.  And since these people often are paid per hourly rather than salaried, there is sometimes a cost to spending 30 minutes for charging instead of 5 minutes for getting gas.
I know plenty of people who would scoff at the idea of putting more than $6k-$7k into a car (they're obviously in the buy used camp).
No EV's on the market can compete anywhere near the price point needed for mass adoption.
And as a double whammy, the lower income people who wouldn't pay more than $7k for a car often also don't have means for home or work charging, so charging an EV is much more inconvenient than fueling up a gas car.  And since these people often are paid per hourly rather than salaried, there is sometimes a cost to spending 30 minutes for charging instead of 5 minutes for getting gas.
Teslas are ""good enough"" for lots of uber drivers around here but they feel cheap and are always broken. They are like boxes on wheels, which the Prius taxis do just as well. I'm surprised that Teslas made in China were able to sell in China, or did they compete at the same price level?I haven't driven any Chinese EVs.
I think this is the one I read, https://www.taipeitimes.com/Ne...  [taipeitimes.com] there's https://apnews.com/article/tes... [apnews.com] and more with the search I used, https://duckduckgo.com/?q=Brak... [duckduckgo.com] 
Some of them are extremely good. And affordable as far as EVs go. Australia also loves yutes (pickups) so there are even some of those appearing and I bet they sell in far greater quantities than the shitty cybertruck, assuming it's even road legal in Oz.
Nope, not true.Yes, true.European *driver and passenger* safety standards require the presence of readily deformable front ends that will absorb energy to lessen the impact of a crash on a vehicle occupant.They sure do.
The Cybertruck meets US safety standards on crumple zone deformataion, so it meets European safety standards on the same.
American cars have famously had more stringent requirements in this regard (which is why US car collectors wanted European cars with their ridiculously unsafe bumpers, rather than American cars with their big safe ones)The Cybertruck’s rigid front end made of extremely non-deformable structural steel is one among many reasons why it’s not legal in Europe.Incorrect.
The specific requirement of deformable sections that pedestrians are likely to survive if it gives are why are where it runs afoul, like 
Nope, not true.
Yes, true.
European *driver and passenger* safety standards require the presence of readily deformable front ends that will absorb energy to lessen the impact of a crash on a vehicle occupant.They sure do.
The Cybertruck meets US safety standards on crumple zone deformataion, so it meets European safety standards on the same.
American cars have famously had more stringent requirements in this regard (which is why US car collectors wanted European cars with their ridiculously unsafe bumpers, rather than American cars with their big safe ones)The Cybertruck’s rigid front end made of extremely non-deformable structural steel is one among many reasons why it’s not legal in Europe.Incorrect.
The specific requirement of deformable sections that pedestrians are likely to survive if it gives are why are where it runs afoul, like 
European *driver and passenger* safety standards require the presence of readily deformable front ends that will absorb energy to lessen the impact of a crash on a vehicle occupant.
They sure do.
The Cybertruck meets US safety standards on crumple zone deformataion, so it meets European safety standards on the same.
American cars have famously had more stringent requirements in this regard (which is why US car collectors wanted European cars with their ridiculously unsafe bumpers, rather than American cars with their big safe ones)
The Cybertruck’s rigid front end made of extremely non-deformable structural steel is one among many reasons why it’s not legal in Europe.Incorrect.
The specific requirement of deformable sections that pedestrians are likely to survive if it gives are why are where it runs afoul, like 
The Cybertruck’s rigid front end made of extremely non-deformable structural steel is one among many reasons why it’s not legal in Europe.
Incorrect.
The specific requirement of deformable sections that pedestrians are likely to survive if it gives are why are where it runs afoul, like 
You appear to know absolutely nothing about European pedestrian safety standards for vehicle manufacture. You appear to barely know anything about US standards (eg that vehicle safety tests in the US largely focus on occupant safety and not pedestrian safety, that the US relies on self-certs rather than regulator-run crash tests, etc). You assert that meeting American safety standards on crumple deformation means that a vehicle also meets European safety standards on crumple deformation, but these standards are not identical. It is truly insane to say that American cars have had more stringent pedestrian safety standards than European. That might have been true decades ago, but US trucks are routinely unable to be imported into Europe because they don’t meet European pedestrian safety standards by, for example, having a trunk that is too high and long to meet visibility requirements. It’s not a coincidence that American pedestrian deaths have increased dramatically in the past few years, while European deaths have fallen.
On Cybertruck:
https://www.transportenvironme... [transportenvironment.org]
https://www.reuters.com/busine... [reuters.com]
You appear to know absolutely nothing about European pedestrian safety standards for vehicle manufacture.Just what I can read.You appear to barely know anything about US standards (eg that vehicle safety tests in the US largely focus on occupant safety and not pedestrian safetyThat was literally my point, lol.You assert that meeting American safety standards on crumple deformation means that a vehicle also meets European safety standards on crumple deformation, but these standards are not identical.Of course they're not. They're nowhere close to identical.
Particularly since the Euro standards literally include pedestrian safety considerations, and the US standards literally do not.
For one, US crash tests are conducted at 56km/h instead of 50km/h, and a 5 star rating means ""very little chance of harm to the passenger"" (What the Cybertruck was rated), while the European standards don't come anywhere close to that requirement (but then again, neithe 
You appear to know absolutely nothing about European pedestrian safety standards for vehicle manufacture.
Just what I can read.
You appear to barely know anything about US standards (eg that vehicle safety tests in the US largely focus on occupant safety and not pedestrian safetyThat was literally my point, lol.You assert that meeting American safety standards on crumple deformation means that a vehicle also meets European safety standards on crumple deformation, but these standards are not identical.Of course they're not. They're nowhere close to identical.
Particularly since the Euro standards literally include pedestrian safety considerations, and the US standards literally do not.
For one, US crash tests are conducted at 56km/h instead of 50km/h, and a 5 star rating means ""very little chance of harm to the passenger"" (What the Cybertruck was rated), while the European standards don't come anywhere close to that requirement (but then again, neithe 
You appear to barely know anything about US standards (eg that vehicle safety tests in the US largely focus on occupant safety and not pedestrian safety
That was literally my point, lol.
You assert that meeting American safety standards on crumple deformation means that a vehicle also meets European safety standards on crumple deformation, but these standards are not identical.Of course they're not. They're nowhere close to identical.
Particularly since the Euro standards literally include pedestrian safety considerations, and the US standards literally do not.
For one, US crash tests are conducted at 56km/h instead of 50km/h, and a 5 star rating means ""very little chance of harm to the passenger"" (What the Cybertruck was rated), while the European standards don't come anywhere close to that requirement (but then again, neithe 
You assert that meeting American safety standards on crumple deformation means that a vehicle also meets European safety standards on crumple deformation, but these standards are not identical.
Of course they're not. They're nowhere close to identical.
Particularly since the Euro standards literally include pedestrian safety considerations, and the US standards literally do not.
For one, US crash tests are conducted at 56km/h instead of 50km/h, and a 5 star rating means ""very little chance of harm to the passenger"" (What the Cybertruck was rated), while the European standards don't come anywhere close to that requirement (but then again, neithe 
The correct term is forced labour. It's different to slave labour in that they are not slaves, they do get paid and are not confined to the factory. It's just that they are obligated to take the job. A bit like how people are obligated to take a job or have their benefits cut here, but with the threat of jail and even violence if they refuse. It's part of an effort to destroy their culture by taking people away from working in traditional businesses, and forcing them to adopt Chinese culture instead.
Of cour 
I live in Oz.
there is bugger all places to service them, and you can be sure as shit it will be hard to get parts.I look after an Australia Wide vehicle fleet - we are sticking with Toyota's
there is bugger all places to service them, and you can be sure as shit it will be hard to get parts.I look after an Australia Wide vehicle fleet - we are sticking with Toyota'sMy parents and several of my friends have a BYD. What is this ""service"" you speak of? Is that like a gasoline engine thing that you need to do with Toyotas? /sJokes aside there's plenty of places to service them. One friend even had a fatal flaw with his car, the dealer arranged to have it towed to their workshop and fixed it under warranty. No problem with parts or supplies.No one is buying BYDs to go bush bashing out past the Oodnadatta track. For that you still want a Toyota. But if you're living in a ma 
there is bugger all places to service them, and you can be sure as shit it will be hard to get parts.I look after an Australia Wide vehicle fleet - we are sticking with Toyota's
My parents and several of my friends have a BYD. What is this ""service"" you speak of? Is that like a gasoline engine thing that you need to do with Toyotas? /s
Jokes aside there's plenty of places to service them. One friend even had a fatal flaw with his car, the dealer arranged to have it towed to their workshop and fixed it under warranty. No problem with parts or supplies.
No one is buying BYDs to go bush bashing out past the Oodnadatta track. For that you still want a Toyota. But if you're living in a ma 
No, its because we are seeing the cuntish behaviour of the current US government with their tariffs on everything now and refusing to buy American just because we can.
This website has so many times over the past 25+ years called for people to boycott products because of some behaviour or another - and thats whats happening right now with American goods, people are choosing other things now.
This is also bringing the US back more to parity with most other countries out there that for decades have been putting tariffs on US goods while the US had little to no tariffs on the goods coming from those countries.....I've seen this claim thrown around a lot recently. What was the tariff situation between the the US and the countries currently being targeted prior to Trump's actions? I honestly have no idea but you seem to.
This is also bringing the US back more to parity with most other countries out there that for decades have been putting tariffs on US goods while the US had little to no tariffs on the goods coming from those countries.....
I've seen this claim thrown around a lot recently. What was the tariff situation between the the US and the countries currently being targeted prior to Trump's actions? I honestly have no idea but you seem to.
 What was the tariff situation between the the US and the countries currently being targeted prior to Trump's actions? I honestly have no idea but you seem to.Canadian here.  We did this exact same thing 8 years ago.  We just all assume Trump forgets.
 What was the tariff situation between the the US and the countries currently being targeted prior to Trump's actions? I honestly have no idea but you seem to.Canadian here.  We did this exact same thing 8 years ago.  We just all assume Trump forgets.
 What was the tariff situation between the the US and the countries currently being targeted prior to Trump's actions? I honestly have no idea but you seem to.
Canadian here.  We did this exact same thing 8 years ago.  We just all assume Trump forgets.
Yup, you folks responded to US sanctions with sanctions of your own just like this time https://www.business-standard.... [business-standard.com] . What were you getting at with that?
Sorry, I didnt mean ""sanctions"". I meant tariffs.
Agreed. It's a little scary having him as president and I've never felt that way about one.
Not like this. We never had to worry over the Democratic transfer of power with him like we do with Trump. Nor did Bush Jr. ignore the courts. Nor did Bush Jr. coddle US enemies over our allies (that dust up with France was nothing on this). Nor did Bush Jr. do things that seem like they're purposely done to crash the economy.
Don't get me wrong, I wasn't a fan of Bush Jr. but I never worried over any of the above or any number of other things with him like I do with Trump.
sure because applying tariffs on raw materials you don't produce sure is going to work great.
sure because applying tariffs on raw materials you don't produce sure is going to work great.

So, we force ourselves to start producing them domestically...again in some cases.
So pissing off allies and formerly good trading partners is part of some brilliant strategy? I guess we can spin up a new automotive manufacturing facility in the next week or so...
80% of the potash critical to farming comes from Canada. https://archive.ph/SCYDU [archive.ph] Farmers would be up shit creek if that was shut off.
If potash becomes a critical situation; we are few DPA orders from having all we need available.  We can also easily accept lower yields by just using a lot less of the stuff.  The price of box of cereal can stay low, if we just stop USAID from competing for it.Meanwhile Honda is already moving production back to the US.We have trade deficits with most of these 'partners' aggregate American wealth isn't helped by these 'allies' for the most part.  Hell the 300B we have flushed down the Ukrainian hole, would do plenty to help the American family!Might want to check your numbers my friend. https://www.cfr.org/article/us... [cfr.org]We give way more to Israel and I seem to recall when republicans hating Russia back in the 80s. Ol' Ronnie Reagan is spinning in his grave now with orange jesus parroting Putin talking points.
If potash becomes a critical situation; we are few DPA orders from having all we need available.  We can also easily accept lower yields by just using a lot less of the stuff.  The price of box of cereal can stay low, if we just stop USAID from competing for it.
Meanwhile Honda is already moving production back to the US.
We have trade deficits with most of these 'partners' aggregate American wealth isn't helped by these 'allies' for the most part.  Hell the 300B we have flushed down the Ukrainian hole, would do plenty to help the American family!
Might want to check your numbers my friend. https://www.cfr.org/article/us... [cfr.org]
We give way more to Israel and I seem to recall when republicans hating Russia back in the 80s. Ol' Ronnie Reagan is spinning in his grave now with orange jesus parroting Putin talking points.
 The dreamMeanwhile Honda is already moving production back to the US. The realityIt now plans to build the new Civic model in Indiana from May 2028 with an expected annual production of around 210,000, one of the people said. Honda would look to import from nations not hit by tariffs if production in Indiana falls short of demand, one of them said. https://www.reuters.com/busine... [reuters.com] ... they will be spending the next three years preparing for production in a facility outside the US that isn't affected by the tariffs. This is like watching someone play chess against their dog. I don't know if it's cruel, enlightening, funny, sad, or who to cheer for. Can dumb be an emotion?We have trade deficits with most of these 'partners' aggregate American wealth isn't helped by these 'allies' for the most part. Hell the 300B we have flushed down the Ukrainian hole, would do plenty to help the American family!Aggregate American wealth? We have the largest GDP in the world. 1.5x the runner-up. Per-capita we're in the top ten, with a bunch of low population countries ahead of us. If you sincerely think you're a victim, in literally the richest country on Earth, that you're not getting your share, and you're willing to blame anyone outside this country for that, you're a straight up moron. I mean that with my heart. There is no way to sugar coat that. You stupid. We're swimming in money, I'm swimming in money, you're poor... oh it's that guy standing outside the pool, go blame him. How does that even work?We have not spent anywhere near $300 billion on Ukraine, where the actual fuck did you get that number, that's way the fuck off from what Congress authorized, not to mention the amount we've actually spent from that. Of the money we actually have spent, when we give Ukraine, Israel, etc. money to buy defense equipment from us, that stuff is made here, it stimulates our economy, it's jobs.
 The dreamMeanwhile Honda is already moving production back to the US. The realityIt now plans to build the new Civic model in Indiana from May 2028 with an expected annual production of around 210,000, one of the people said. Honda would look to import from nations not hit by tariffs if production in Indiana falls short of demand, one of them said.
 The dreamMeanwhile Honda is already moving production back to the US.
 The realityIt now plans to build the new Civic model in Indiana from May 2028 with an expected annual production of around 210,000, one of the people said. Honda would look to import from nations not hit by tariffs if production in Indiana falls short of demand, one of them said.
 https://www.reuters.com/busine... [reuters.com] ... they will be spending the next three years preparing for production in a facility outside the US that isn't affected by the tariffs. This is like watching someone play chess against their dog. I don't know if it's cruel, enlightening, funny, sad, or who to cheer for. Can dumb be an emotion?
We have trade deficits with most of these 'partners' aggregate American wealth isn't helped by these 'allies' for the most part. Hell the 300B we have flushed down the Ukrainian hole, would do plenty to help the American family!Aggregate American wealth? We have the largest GDP in the world. 1.5x the runner-up. Per-capita we're in the top ten, with a bunch of low population countries ahead of us. If you sincerely think you're a victim, in literally the richest country on Earth, that you're not getting your share, and you're willing to blame anyone outside this country for that, you're a straight up moron. I mean that with my heart. There is no way to sugar coat that. You stupid. We're swimming in money, I'm swimming in money, you're poor... oh it's that guy standing outside the pool, go blame him. How does that even work?We have not spent anywhere near $300 billion on Ukraine, where the actual fuck did you get that number, that's way the fuck off from what Congress authorized, not to mention the amount we've actually spent from that. Of the money we actually have spent, when we give Ukraine, Israel, etc. money to buy defense equipment from us, that stuff is made here, it stimulates our economy, it's jobs.
We have trade deficits with most of these 'partners' aggregate American wealth isn't helped by these 'allies' for the most part. Hell the 300B we have flushed down the Ukrainian hole, would do plenty to help the American family!
Aggregate American wealth? We have the largest GDP in the world. 1.5x the runner-up. Per-capita we're in the top ten, with a bunch of low population countries ahead of us. If you sincerely think you're a victim, in literally the richest country on Earth, that you're not getting your share, and you're willing to blame anyone outside this country for that, you're a straight up moron. I mean that with my heart. There is no way to sugar coat that. You stupid. We're swimming in money, I'm swimming in money, you're poor... oh it's that guy standing outside the pool, go blame him. How does that even work?
We have not spent anywhere near $300 billion on Ukraine, where the actual fuck did you get that number, that's way the fuck off from what Congress authorized, not to mention the amount we've actually spent from that. Of the money we actually have spent, when we give Ukraine, Israel, etc. money to buy defense equipment from us, that stuff is made here, it stimulates our economy, it's jobs.
The same thing the US did since WWII when countries/trade blocs imposed tariffs on America goods: nothing.
""American"" , stupid typoes.
The US got the benefit of the dollar acting as the world's reserve currency and the attendant economic stability.  In exchange, it was necessary for the US to run a trade deficit to ensure an outflow of US dollars.
What do we have to protect anyways? Most of the US auto industry is barely interested in electric.
What do we have to protect anyways?Terrible quality vehicles that would need a commercial drivers license in most of the world. We can fit SIX grocery bags into this Ford F-250!
What do we have to protect anyways?
Terrible quality vehicles that would need a commercial drivers license in most of the world. We can fit SIX grocery bags into this Ford F-250!
We can fit SIX grocery bags into this Ford F-250!

Hey, we like what we like....

The US is a LARGE country, with lots of roads,  cities, different terrains and well....the people have freedom to buy what they like and want.

Frankly, I myself am not a truck or SUV person...I've never owned anything in my life but 2-seater manual transmission sports cars.

But, I do swap keys with friends with trucks on the few times here and there I need something with hauling capacity....so, nice they are out there, but that' 
So these vehicles aren't poor quality, over priced, and over sized because freedom?
So these vehicles aren't poor quality, over priced, and over sized because freedom?

I dunno about the quality, like I'd mentioned, I've only owned 2-seater manual transmission sports cars all my life.....but my friends' truck and SUVs seem to be nice enough quality wise...they get the job done.  I find them nice to borrow when I need something with hauling capacity from time to time. (It's hard to carry 3-4 40lb sacks of live crawfish when I want to have a crawfish boil in my backyard to party with friends) 
Right, no one buys a large truck because of dumbshit identity stuff.
Right, no one buys a large truck because of dumbshit identity stuff.

Hey, a person likes what they like, eh?

What's wrong with that?

I mean, I doubt MOST people need a corvette or Porsche 911 Turbo.....but, nothing wrong with someone that wants one and drives one if it makes them happy.

Why would you care what makes them happy?
The hauling capacity is not overwhelmingly good with U.S. trucks. Instead, it is artificially made to look good by underrating the hauling capacity of cars. A Volkswagen Golf for instance is rated with zero towing capacity in the U.S. (towing not recommended), and the same Volkswagen Golf is rated with up to 1800 kg (nearly 4000 lb) towing capacity for braked loads in Europe. Truck beds are amazingly short and not well suited for instance for IKEA hauling - something my compact station wagon has no problem 
 The US is a LARGE country, with lots of roads, cities, different terrains and well....the people have freedom to buy what they like and want. 


What a unique country! Roads AND cities?

I think you missed the LARGE part of my statement....in that we have plenty of room to drive and park LARGE vehicles if we want them, and apparently a lot of US citizens want them.
What do we have to protect anyways?Won't somebody please think about the poor Elon?
What do we have to protect anyways?
Won't somebody please think about the poor Elon?
If we go into a war situation we are going to take those car factories and convert them into factories for building tanks and jets and other weapons we need.This isnt the mid 20th century anymore, this conversion would not work out very well. A simple retooling is not going to give these company's the ability to work with modern targeting systems and composite armors, Modern tanks are too complex nowadays for this to work.
If we go into a war situation we are going to take those car factories and convert them into factories for building tanks and jets and other weapons we need.
This isnt the mid 20th century anymore, this conversion would not work out very well. A simple retooling is not going to give these company's the ability to work with modern targeting systems and composite armors, Modern tanks are too complex nowadays for this to work.
""companies""
Yeah it wouldn't be as quick but it would save months of effort. In a wartime those to months are probably the difference.It's hard to find proper numbers but I very strongly dont think there would be anything to gain from trying to convert these factories. Doubly so for converting anything civilian into making modern war planes as you mentioned above.
Yeah it wouldn't be as quick but it would save months of effort. In a wartime those to months are probably the difference.
It's hard to find proper numbers but I very strongly dont think there would be anything to gain from trying to convert these factories. Doubly so for converting anything civilian into making modern war planes as you mentioned above.
More expensive actually because you're going to be replacing those tires a lot more often. Just because the torque is there doesn't mean you have to use all of it every time you are stopped at a red light.  Just don't drive like a maniac and the wear isn't that much worse.  In exchange, you get to say goodbye to oil changes and brake pad wear.
More expensive actually because you're going to be replacing those tires a lot more often.
Just because the torque is there doesn't mean you have to use all of it every time you are stopped at a red light.  Just don't drive like a maniac and the wear isn't that much worse.  In exchange, you get to say goodbye to oil changes and brake pad wear.
I went from volvo to nissan EV. The EV is way cheaper.  I track every detail in a spreadsheet. I drive less than 6000 miles per year. Most the savings are not buying gas. My road tax is double but even with my low amount of driving it's still lower than the gas tax for me.  Insurance is the same.  I save a bit over $1000 per year with the little I drive. Suspension and drive parts are like any other car but possibly the dealer is ripping me off on maintenance quotes- I do all that myself and literally pay 1 
Lay opinions aren't worth much as they do not see or engage with machinery the same as users.
What do skilled mechanics with extended experience on those BEV (including crash repair) think of them?  How is parts availability, durability and troubleshooting?
""...Australia, which has no domestic auto industry...""
Australia used to have something of a domestic auto industry.
Holden cars were rarely seen outside of Australia and New Zealand, but the name will still prompt men of a certain age to stare nostalgicically back into the 1970s and remember the stylings of the old Holden Kingswood which was a common sight in those days.
True story as told to me by a man who was a VP at General Motors in the 70s.  GM sent him to Australia to asses the potential threat of Toyota entering the American market.  He spent two weeks there and learned that that before Toyota arrived in their country, the dominant car maker had an 83% market share.  After Toyota arrived, that same car maker had a 3% market share.  He reported his finding to the GM board in New York.  They said ""That'll never happen here.""
There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead.
Citi Copy-Paste Error Almost Sent $6 Billion to Wealth Account
Apple Launches Legal Challenge To UK 'Back Door' Order
You are lost in the Swamps of Despair."
25,2025-03-04,"Stocks dropped again Tuesday as President Donald Trump’s tariffs sparked queasiness on Wall Street, sending two major indexes to their lowest levels since before the November election.
Traders work the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
The S&P 500, the most commonly cited U.S. stock benchmark, fell 1.2% Tuesday, the blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 1.6%, or 670 points, and the tech-concentrated Nasdaq dipped 0.4%.
The S&P and Nasdaq closed at their lowest levels since Nov. 4, the day before Election Day, while the Dow closed at its lowest level since Jan. 14.
The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), often referred to as Wall Street’s fear gauge as it tracks moves in S&P options trading, rose Tuesday to its highest level since mid December.
Equities came back in afternoon trading, as the Dow and S&P trimmed losses to just a 0.3% daily loss by about 3:30 p.m. EST, while the Nasdaq rose 0.7%, before all turned sharply negative.
Bank of America, Tesla, JPMorgan Chase and Disney were among the big name stocks which declined at least 3%.
The S&P suffered its worst loss of 2025 on Monday. Most of the selloff followed Trump’s confirmation he planned to enact his 25% tariffs on Canadian and Mexican imports and 10% additional tariffs on Chinese goods, levies which went into effect Tuesday morning.
“Markets dislike uncertainty,” Morgan Stanley Wealth Management strategist Daniel Skelly wrote in emailed comments ahead of the turnaround. In a prescient morsel of hope, Skelly continued, “it remains to be seen whether some of the bearishness surrounding these tariffs will dissipate now that they’ve actually been implemented.”

The Nasdaq was on the cusp of entering a 10% correction, trading as much as 9.9% below its record close last month. Following the afternoon recovery, the Nasdaq is down 8.8% from its peak.
Tesla, the electric vehicle firm run by Trump’s top lieutenant Elon Musk, also the world’s richest man, closed nearly 45% below its record high set in December.
Tariffs can hurt companies’ financial performance in several ways. If American consumers curtail spending in response to higher prices, that would eat into revenue. If companies absorb the costs of tariffs, that would cut into domestic profit margins. If companies’ goods sold abroad are priced less competitively in response to any retaliatory tariffs, that may hurt non-U.S. sales. Stocks are already valued at a historically stretched ratio compared to earnings, a recipe for vulnerability upon an event shaking market confidence.
The 10% duty on Chinese goods will boost U.S. core prices by 0.1% and the 25% levy on Canadian and Mexican imports will up core prices by 0.6%, estimated Goldman Sachs economist Alec Phillips in a Monday note to clients. A roughly 0.7% increase to core prices would reverse recent progress on inflation, which has been above the 2% ideal level for nearly four years straight.


One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service."
26,2025-03-04,"President Donald Trump’s broad-ranging tariffs went into effect earlier Tuesday, sending the market in a downward spiral. 
The United States will be enacting 25% duties on all Mexican goods and most Canadian goods, and 20% on all imports from China. 
Retaliatory tariffs followed promptly: Canada imposed 25% tariff on $107 billion worth of American goods, as China announced duties of up to 15% on agricultural products and targeted actions at more than 20 companies, including artificial intelligence startups and drone makers. Mexico’s President Claudia Sheinbaum said she will announce retaliatory measures on Sunday.
The tech industry is wary. Shares of Tesla (TSLA+5.27%), which owns a major assembly plant in China, were down more than 3% in Tuesday late afternoon trading. The stock gained back some of its losses from earlier in the day when several investors downgraded the stock due to tariff fears. Retailer Best Buy (BBY+1.11%) warned investors that the duties could increase the price of the electronics it sells.
“In terms of visibility of goods, I’d say Apple (AAPL+1.26%) and Tesla are probably the headliners,” D.A. Davidson head of technology Gil Luria told Quartz.
But the tariffs and their immediate impact is by no means unexpected by global markets as Trump made his fondness of tariffs clear even on the campaign trail. Tech analysts are more worried about how long the tariffs will last, as well as whether or not further escalation in reciprocals will occur — and if they’ll extend beyond tariffs on physical goods.
“It’s far more likely that this time, they’re going to hurt the U.S. where it matters,” Luria said, adding that the big tech companies are “the best target.”
If Canada, Mexico or China decide that the U.S. has taken a confrontational approach to tariffs, they can respond in kind by penalizing big tech companies like Microsoft (MSFT+1.32%), Google (GOOGL+2.90%), Meta (META+1.10%) or Amazon (AMZN+1.34%). This, Luria said, would be “the most meaningful and most broad in its impact.”
“In China, for instance, they can just eliminate the sales of iPhone altogether,” Luria said. “These are all things that any country that the U.S. is getting into a confrontation with could decide to do in order to exert pressure on the U.S. to reduce those tariffs.”
Following the first set of 10% tariffs on Chinese imports last month, Beijing was quick to retaliate with an investigation into alleged antitrust violations by Google while reportedly laying the groundwork for a formal probe into Apple’s App Store.
Last month, the Financial Times reported that the EU is ready to impose retaliatory measures on Big Tech companies in the case of a potential dispute with the Trump administration. Trump has threatened to use tariffs on the EU several times.
But some are optimistic that things won’t escalate to that point.
“As we navigated in 2018/2019 we caution this is all a game of high stakes poker to get other countries to the negotiating table and will very likely not last for an elongated period of time,” Wedbush’s Dan Ives wrote in Tuesday morning’s note.
An aggressive approach towards China and chip export controls is “the biggest risk” to the artificial intelligence trade, according to Ives.
Nvidia (NVDA+2.83%) stock closed down 8.7% on Monday after Singaporean police uncovered an illegal export operation aiming to take servers containing Nvidia chips to mainland China in violation of American chip export controls that the market fears the U.S. might now further restrict.
“Outside of the U.S., there’s been a surprising amount of openness to working on DeepSeek models, and the more the U.S. alienates its trading partners, the more likely they are to gravitate to Chinese models,” Luria said.
But any slowdown in the AI trade associated with these tariff-borne near-term risks will be short-lived, according to Wedbush analysts.
“Nvidia, Microsoft, Alphabet, Amazon, Palantir (PLTR+3.02%), Salesforce (CRM+0.59%), Tesla, Apple will remain the stocks to own and any weakness is a buying opportunity in our view given the fundamental demand picture,” Ives wrote. “This will be an ‘uncomfortable time for growth investors’... but ultimately this is not the time to run for the hills in the tech trade and instead own these tech AI winners.”
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
27,2025-03-04,"Two new concept devices from Xiaomi and Realme attach large lenses to small smartphones.
Two new concept devices from Xiaomi and Realme attach large lenses to small smartphones.
by  Dominic Preston
The cameras on our phones won’t stop getting bigger. Xiaomi’s new 15 Ultra is dominated by an enormous ring of cameras on the back, Nothing has rethought its camera layout from scratch to fit a periscope into the Phone 3A Pro, and consistent rumors suggest that even Apple is going to strap a big ol’ camera bar onto the back of its iPhone 17 Pro models later this year. But why stop there? What if you could get all of the heft and weight of a real camera and burden your phone with it? What if we could make your phone camera much, much bigger?
That’s what both Xiaomi and Realme have attempted to do at this year’s Mobile World Congress, with two very different concept phones that each attempt to bridge the gap between a smartphone and a DSLR.
Realme’s attempt is the most familiar. In fact, its “interchangeable lens concept,” which mounts a full DSLR lens onto the existing camera island of its concept phone, is remarkably similar to a concept that Xiaomi already showed off in 2022. The phone here is itself custom, not based on any of Realme’s existing smartphones, and includes two typical cameras on the rear, plus a third, customized one-inch-type sensor from Sony with no lens on top — at least not until you add your own via a proprietary lens mount. At its core, this is similar to the approach we’ve seen for years from companies like Moment, which sells small custom lenses that attach to your phone’s camera. But bigger means better, right?
Realme has designed its concept to work with two lenses: a 73mm portrait and a 234mm telephoto, and I got to try the latter. You won’t be surprised to hear that strapping an enormous telephoto lens to one end of a phone does throw off the balance somewhat, and I wouldn’t exactly call this practical. The ergonomics are challenging: because a phone is so much thinner and lighter than a camera body, I had no choice but to grab the lens fully by the barrel. All the weight rests there, leaving my left hand trying to simultaneously grip the lens tight enough to hold the whole thing up but loose enough to still rotate the zoom and focus, with my right hand essentially unable to help. It’s awkward.
The lens mount alone is a fairly substantial bit of kit, protruding an inch or so from the phone’s back, meaning there’s no way at all to make this experience a compact one — even a pancake lens is going to feel enormous here. Realme has used a standard M mount, so in theory you can attach any compatible lens, which would really be the appeal if this ever became a product. In practice it might not be so simple, as Realme has made some tweaks to its camera app to accommodate these two specific lenses. The mounting connection is a purely physical one as well, so for now there’s no way for this to handle autofocus lenses or anything else beyond the manual.
Xiaomi’s approach solves a lot of those problems, while introducing its own. Its Modular Optical System is built around a custom version of the Xiaomi 15 with a ring of MagSafe-esque magnets on the back. A separate lens attaches to that magnetic contact point in the center of the phone, but crucially it includes its own sensor, so you’re not limited by the hardware inside the phone. It’s a modern, magnetic version of Sony’s short-lived line of QX cameras that could clamp onto the back of any phone.
The one lens Xiaomi is showing off right now is a 35mm with an aperture of f/1.4, using a 100-megapixel 4/3-type sensor — bigger than you’ll find in any smartphone, including Realme’s concept. That means more light capture, and in theory better photos. Daniel Desjarlais, Xiaomi’s director of international communications, told me that the chance to include a bigger sensor is the main reason the company is exploring this form factor.
There are two contacts within the magnetic ring, which help with alignment but also handle both power and wireless data transfer over a 10Gbps optical transmission system that Xiaomi is calling LaserLink. Unlike Realme’s physical connection, that means this lens supports autofocus, though Xiaomi still included a manual focus ring for fine-tuning. Images go through the phone’s own image processing software, so you’ll get a style that’s similar to the phone’s other photos.
Alongside enabling a bigger sensor, the other benefit of building everything into the modular lens is that it can attach to the middle of the phone, rather than having to be built on top of the pre-existing camera module. That means this feels much better balanced, and more comfortable to hold and use. Attaching and detaching the lens is a single quick action, and with no intermediary mount this is more compact than Realme’s design could ever be. I can actually imagine shooting with this day-to-day, especially if there was also the option to attach something like the grip from Xiaomi’s 15 Ultra Photography Kit. 
There are downsides, of course. The magnetic attachment feels strong — Xiaomi encouraged me to hold the phone upside down by the lens and shake, and it survived the experience — but a proper camera mount will always be stronger. Desjarlais admitted to me that the magnetic connection probably rules out a full-size telephoto lens simply by virtue of the weight, though perhaps that’s for the best.
Lens options are the other downside. There’s an awful lot of proprietary tech in here, and no-one else is building modular magnetic lenses with sensors built-in. That means any version of this that ever came to market wouldn’t be interoperable with any existing lenses, which might kill half the appeal for the photographer audience it would hope to reach.
I haven’t spoken about image quality from either of these concepts yet. I wasn’t able to get my own sample photos from either device, and a few minutes at a trade show don’t give much scope for thorough testing. I absolutely believe that both will deliver better photos than a regular smartphone can, but that’s just a matter of physics — better lenses and bigger sensors result in nicer photos. The real question is whether they’d be improved enough to justify the hassle and cost a setup like this would always involve, especially as phones like the Xiaomi 15 Ultra have gotten closer and closer to DSLR quality. The reason I use my phone more than any other camera is because it fits in my pocket and it’s always there. The best lens for it will always be one that fits in my pocket too.
Photography by Dominic Preston / The Verge
A weekly newsletter by David Pierce designed to tell you everything you need to download, watch, read, listen to, and explore that fits in The Verge’s universe.
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved"
28,2025-03-04,"ByMayra Rodriguez Valladares

ByMayra Rodriguez Valladares
, Senior Contributor. 
Trump's tariffs caused U.S. stock market and dollar indices to decline significantly.
A slew of economic data is signaling that a recession is around the corner. The impending economic contraction, and possibly a recession, is primarily being caused by President Donald Trump’s tariffs imposed on Canada, China, and Mexico and the wave of retaliation which has now followed. Moreover, the chaotic layoff of federal workers will likely lead to a rise in unemployment and tightening of spending by those losing their jobs. Additionally, deportations of undocumented immigrants, as well as the fear thereof, is causing significant uncertainty in several important economic sectors such as construction, farming, hospitality, poultry, and small businesses.
On Monday, a closely watched model of gross domestic product level, the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta’s GDPNow, estimated significant decline of 2.8% in annualized growth for this quarter. This is a sharp contrast from a 2.3% increase last week. Unlike the quarterly GDP figure, which is a lagging indicator, GDPNow is the Federal Reserve’s running estimate of real GDP growth based on available economic data for the current measured quarter.
Evolution of Atlanta Fed GDPNow real GDP estimate for 2025: Q1 Quarterly percent change (SAAR) 
Other recent data and surveys are also showing troubling signs for the economy.
Foreign exchange traders and stock investors are showing that they are paying very close attention to the negative economic data. As soon as Trump announced that he would impose tariffs on Canada and Mexico, stock market and dollar indices plunged quickly. The U.S. dollar declined to a three-month low against a basket of major currencies, per MarketWatch’s Index. Traders sold the dollar due to fears of how tariffs will impact American companies and in anticipation that a weakening economy will lead the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates later in the year. Declines in interest rates cause domestic and foreign investors to sell U.S. treasuries and use those dollars to buy other assets including other currencies. If the dollar continues to decline, this could also signal that investors fear that the dollar is losing some of its safe-have status.
It is important to remember that the stock market is a leading indicator; investors are pessimistic about the direction of corporate earnings, so they are selling their investments now before stock prices fall even further. Both the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P 500 plummeted overnight into Tuesday. The DJIA lost more than 600 points overnight, while the S&P 500 has erased all of its post-election gains and is now back to its November 2024 levels. Since February 19, the S&P 500 index has lost $3.3 trillion.
Given how sensitive bank earnings are to interest rates, the level of the dollar, and stock market prices, it is no surprise that bank stock prices contributed to the overall stock market decline. America’s largest banks- Bank of America, Citibank, Goldman Sachs, and JPMorgan, also had stock price declines. Until recently, U.S. banks have been in good financial health, but with the adverse effect of Trump’s tariffs and likely bank deregulatory actions, banks’ capital and liquidity is likely to deteriorate in the coming months."
29,2025-03-04,"

      Greg Rosalsky
    


                President Trump talks to reporters from the Resolute Desk on Jan. 30.
                
                    
                    Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

This first appeared in the Planet Money newsletter. You can sign up here.
President Trump vs. the independent agencies. It's a battle for the history books — literally. To understand the significance of this showdown, we need to go back to history ourselves.
Historians generally agree that the first independent agency in the U.S. government was the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC). Founded in 1887, the ICC had a pretty revolutionary job: regulating the powerful railroad industry. Led by ""robber barons,"" the monopolistic companies that controlled the railroads were accused of price gouging and other abuses of power. The creation of the ICC was one of the opening salvos of the turn-of-the-century, bipartisan Progressive movement that sought to rein in big corporations and the excesses of free-market capitalism.
Because the railroads were so critical to the United States' economy and because the work of regulating the railroads was highly technical — think like crunching data to figure out what railroad rates should be — Congress wanted the ICC to be staffed by experts who operated above the fray of partisan politics. They designed it to be led by a board of commissioners from both major political parties. And, significantly, they decided to insulate the agency from presidential control.
The original law creating the ICC instructed, ""Commissioners can only be removed by the President for 'inefficiency, neglect of duty, or malfeasance in office.'"" In other words, the president couldn't just fire them willy-nilly. When the act creating the ICC was going through Congress in 1887, there was surprisingly little discussion about why the president was limited in this way.
The first iteration of the ICC had actually pretty weak regulatory powers. In 1906, however, Republican President Theodore Roosevelt signed a law greatly strengthening the ICC, including giving it the power to make rules regulating the railroad industry that had the force of law. This souped-up ICC became the prototype for many independent agencies to come.

                President Theodore Roosevelt works at his desk circa 1905.
                
                    
                    Hulton Archive/Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

Over the course of the 20th century, Congress designed and presidents signed into existence all sorts of independent agencies. These federal agencies regulate critical areas of the U.S. economy and society, including the stock market, product safety, fraud and corruption, the money supply, labor relations, monopolies, nuclear power, the media and elections. One common feature of these agencies is they have buffers against presidential control — like making it hard for presidents to fire their leaders; giving those leaders really long tenures, so new presidents don't necessarily appoint them when they take office; and allowing these agencies to make rules and regulations without a president's stamp of approval.
Lawmakers have offered many rationales for limiting presidential power over independent agencies (and given how many agencies there are and how different their missions are, it makes sense why there are so many reasons). These include insulating the agencies from political pressures, making their work less partisan, reducing turnover of agency leaders, promoting stability and predictability in agency decision-making, creating checks and balances within the federal bureaucracy and helping prevent corporate interference with these agencies' technocratic work serving the American public.
However, since their inception, there have been many questions over how these agencies fit within the U.S. constitutional framework. And many have opposed insulating these agencies from presidential control, particularly since the Reagan Revolution of the 1980s. Companies don't like being regulated, especially by unelected bureaucrats. Presidents don't like having their power limited. And many conservatives claim this whole system is antidemocratic.
Since taking office, Trump has been asserting extraordinary power over independent agencies and trying to rein in their autonomy. For example, he issued an executive order asserting that he, as the elected head of the executive branch, has authority over independent agencies and that their rules and regulations need his approval. And he has fired the leaders of the National Labor Relations Board and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, among others. (Much of this is being challenged in federal courts, and one court recently ruled that the president's firing of the head of an independent agency, the Office of Special Counsel, was unlawful.)
Democratic lawmakers and consumer advocates have criticized Trump's attacks on agency independence. ""Trump's illegal executive order on independent agencies aims to shield corporations from accountability and centralize more power with Trump and his minions,"" said Robert Weissman, a co-president of Public Citizen, a progressive consumer advocacy group, in a news release. Weissman stresses that this order will hurt the work of agencies like the Federal Election Commission, which he said ""is independent of presidential control so that it can serve its election integrity mission without partisan favor."" And he points to the potential effect on the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and Securities and Exchange Commission, which are supposed to protect investors, consumers and ""market integrity."" He says, ""Their independence is designed to enable them to perform these duties without undue political pressure from giant corporations, the super rich and the super-connected.""
It's interesting that Weismann used the word ""accountability,"" because that's the same word that many conservatives use when criticizing independent agencies. They condemn these agencies as not being accountable to the president, who is the only person in the government who is democratically elected by the whole country.
Many conservative legal scholars, especially those who believe in ""unitary executive theory,"" have long argued that independent agencies are really a part of the executive branch — and that therefore, under the Constitution, the president should have dominion over them, including the power to appoint and fire their leaders at will. In their view, independent agencies shouldn't be independent. Some in this camp go as far as arguing that these agencies are part of an unelected ""fourth branch"" of government — the administrative state, or ""deep state"" — which undermines the constitutional system and the democratic will of voters.
""For the Federal Government to be truly accountable to the American people, officials who wield vast executive power must be supervised and controlled by the people's elected President,"" Trump states in his recent executive order.
Trump's legal team seems eager to challenge the constitutionality of independent agencies, and conservatives on the Supreme Court have sent signals that they may be willing to play ball and declare them unconstitutional — despite legal precedents that go back at least 90 years. For instance, in 2020, the Supreme Court stripped the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau of its independence, ruling that because it was headed by a single leader, instead of a commission (like say the ICC or FTC), the president could fire its leader at will.
The most powerful independent agency is arguably the U.S. Federal Reserve, which is responsible for controlling inflation and helping make sure the economy is good enough so Americans can find jobs (to use econ jargon, its ""dual mandate"" is to ensure price stability and full employment).
Mainstream economists have long believed that central banks like the Fed should be independent because politicians care a lot about elections, which happen in the near term, and they'll be incentivized to make decisions about interest rates that serve their narrow, short-term electoral goals instead of the public interest of long-term economic growth and stability. For example, a president may want the Fed to lower interest rates before an election to juice the economy — but that could end up resulting in runaway inflation and ultimately be really bad for everyone.
Making the Fed independent, the thinking goes, helps solve this political problem by taking monetary policy out of the hands of political leaders, with their short-term election pressures, and putting it into the hands of nonpartisan technocrats (for more on this, check out this awesome Planet Money episode, ""Happy Fed Independence Day"").
Interestingly, in his recent executive order asserting his authority over independent agencies, Trump takes a mixed approach to the Fed. The Fed famously conducts monetary policy — like influencing how low interest rates go and how much money circulates in the economy — but it has another important job, which is overseeing and regulating the financial sector. Trump asserts authority over the Fed's regulatory work. But he makes clear his executive order asserting his power over independent agencies ""shall not apply"" to the Fed ""in its conduct of monetary policy.""
Many Fed watchers, however, are still worried. Legal scholars question what will happen to the Fed if the Supreme Court says independent agencies are unconstitutional. And during both his first and second terms, Trump has publicly pressured the Fed to lower interest rates. Trump reportedly even mulled the idea of firing Fed Chair Jerome Powell — whom he had appointed to head the Fed — after Powell refused to follow Trump's preferences for lower interest rates during his first term. Things got so heated back in 2018 that, according to The Wall Street Journal, Powell even prepared a plan to ""fight his removal if sought by the president."" Trump ended up backing off, but many wonder whether another clash between the president and the independent central bank is inevitable this term.
It's within this context that Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass. — who, prior to becoming a senator, was an architect of the now not-so-independent Consumer Financial Protection Bureau — recently wrote a public letter expressing concern about Stephen Miran, who is Trump's nominee for chair of the Council of Economic Advisers (CEA). Before working at a hedge fund, Miran got his Ph.D. in economics at Harvard University, where he studied under Martin Feldstein, who served as President Ronald Reagan's CEA chair. The CEA is an important body that advises the president on economic matters.

                Stephen Miran, who is President Trump's nominee for chair of the Council of Economic Advisers, testifies at a hearing of the Senate Banking Committee on Feb. 27.
                
                    
                    Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

In her letter, which she sent before Miran's recent Senate confirmation hearing, Warren basically demanded that the economist publicly commit to the Fed's independence. And she expressed concern about a March 2024 report that Miran co-authored at the Manhattan Institute titled, ""Reform the Federal Reserve's Governance to Deliver Better Monetary Outcomes,"" which is critical of the Fed and offers a plan for overhauling it, including handing the president — and also state governors — greater power over it.
Given that Miran — at the time of this writing — may be the next chair of the CEA, we figured it'd be worth reading through his proposal for overhauling the Federal Reserve. It's pretty fascinating, offering a comprehensive blueprint for a radically new kind of Fed that he and his co-author, Dan Katz, argue would ""ensure that it remains insulated from day-to-day politics while enhancing its accountability and democratic legitimacy.""
Miran and Katz begin their report by criticizing the Fed's recent conduct. They're critical of its large-scale purchases of assets, arguing it has distorted credit markets (this policy is known as ""quantitative easing"" — listen to this illuminating Planet Money radio segment about this here). They're critical of the Fed's response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which they argue ""contributed to two years of declining real incomes and the highest inflation in four decades."" They are critical of the Fed's work to address climate change and to increase the racial and gender diversity of its staff, suggesting these policies have been partisan. They are critical of what they call the Fed's ""revolving door,"" in which economists move back and forth between the executive branch and the Fed. And they accuse the Fed of falling victim to ""groupthink,"" which they suggest has undermined the efficacy of its policies.
""Scrutiny of Fed rhetoric and actions makes it clear that the Fed has moved beyond its traditional narrow, technocratic role and instead has pursued a much more expansive monetary and regulatory agenda that is more consistent with an explicitly political institution,"" Miran and Katz write in their Manhattan Institute report.
For these reasons and more, Miran and Katz ""propose a fundamental overhaul of the Fed's governance.""
Miran and Katz recommend a number of big reforms. ""The core"" of these reforms is their proposal to hand the president greater power over the Fed's leadership, the Board of Governors, and give state governors greater power over the Fed's 12 regional Reserve banks (read more about the Fed's structure here).
First, presidential power over the Fed. They propose that Fed leaders be ""subject to at-will removal by the president to ensure their accountability to the democratic process."" They also propose that Fed leaders serve shorter terms, which would give presidents more opportunities to appoint people to it.
However, Miran and Katz acknowledge that it's important to insulate monetary policy from short-term political whims. So they offer a counterbalance: ""To offset increased presidential influence on the Board of Governors, we recommend increasing the influence and independence of the regional Reserve Banks,"" they write.
While the Fed's Board of Governors is an independent government agency, the Fed's 12 Reserve banks are essentially private corporations that, Miran and Katz write, are currently ""controlled by local private banks, nonprofits, and corporations, without democratic legitimacy."" These Reserve banks are sometimes called ""bankers' banks"" because they do a lot of things for banks that banks do for consumers, like providing loans, processing electronic payments and so on. Their leaders also play a significant role voting on the Fed's monetary policy decisions, because a rotating group of them gets to vote on those decisions.
It's rare that you hear conservatives advocate for nationalizing — that is, the government taking over — anything. However, that's what Miran and Katz argue when it comes to the 12 Reserve banks.
""We propose nationalizing Reserve Banks, empowering governors of the states in their districts with the selection of their boards of directors, which, in turn, will continue to appoint Reserve Bank leadership,"" Miran and Katz write. ""Allowing Reserve Bank leadership to vote at every meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC)—the 12-member branch of the Federal Reserve that determines the direction of monetary policy—will balance increased White House control over the Federal Reserve Board of Governors.""
Essentially, Miran and Katz argue that the 12 Reserve banks should be government entities that are under the sway of state governors and that they should play a bigger role in determining policies that set interest rates and the circulation of money in the economy. ""Positioning the Reserve Banks as a check on the Board of Governors is a classic expression of American federalism, a formula that has proved successful for over two centuries,"" they write.
Miran and Katz argue their plan balances the needs of ""increased political accountability against the need to keep day-to-day politics out of monetary policy."" However, state governors also worry about elections — and it's unclear how much of a check they would provide against a president wanting to juice the economy with lower interest rates — so it's unclear how successful this plan would be at striking that balance.
As for the Interstate Commerce Commission, it was actually shut down in 1995. It might prove to be a pioneering independent agency in more ways than one.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
30,2025-03-04,"Business Insider Edition 
Canada and China swiftly retaliated against new tariffs from the Trump administration on Tuesday.

        After President Donald Trump doubled tariffs on Chinese goods from 10% to 20%, Beijing announced additional tariffs of 10% to 15% on some US imports starting March 10.
    

        Canada also was prepared for a quick response; the country's prime minister, Justin Trudeau, released a statement on March 3 saying that if Trump's tariffs go into effect, Canada will place a 25% tariff on $155 billion of American goods until Trump's tariffs are withdrawn.
    

        ""Because of the tariffs imposed by the U.S., Americans will pay more for groceries, gas, and cars, and potentially lose thousands of jobs,"" Trudeau said. ""Tariffs will disrupt an incredibly successful trading relationship. They will violate the very trade agreement that was negotiated by President Trump in his last term.""
    

        The retaliatory tariffs mark a new trade war under the Trump administration; Trump has vowed that his tariffs will remain in place until the countries he is targeting crack down on their drug and border policy, specifically surrounding the flow of fentanyl into the US.
    

        ""While President Trump gave both Canada and Mexico ample opportunity to curb the dangerous cartel activity and influx of lethal drugs flowing into our country, they have failed to adequately address the situation,"" the White House's fact sheet said.
    

        Mexico's President, Claudia Sheinbaum, said on Tuesday there was no justification for the US move and that would announce ""tariff and non-tariff measures"" on Sunday. Mexico was also hit with a 25% tariff from Trump.
    

        China's retaliatory tariffs include 10% tariffs on US soybeans, pork, and beef imports and 15% tariffs on chicken and cotton imports, according to the Commerce Ministry.
    

        Beijing also targeted American farm imports into China when US President Donald Trump started the trade war in his first term.
    

        Trudeau's statement did not outline specific goods Canada's tariffs are targeting. However, Trudeau said in early February, following Trump's initial tariff announcement, that Canada's tariffs will impact a range of goods shipped from the US to Canada, including fruit, clothing, shows, and household appliances.
    

        Beijing's speedy response on Tuesday — reminiscent of Beijing's swift response on February 4 against the US's first tranche of tariffs — is an indication that Xi Jinping's administration was prepared for the moves.
    

        Markets in Asia were broadly lower early on Tuesdaybecause of worries over the impact of the trade war. But losses were limited as investors were already prepared, analysts said.
    

        China's measures also appeared contained, Gary Ng, a senior economist at Natixis, told Business Insider. He said Beijing stuck to its ""playbook of retaliation,"" similar to the moves it used on February 4. Last month, the country announced tariffs on some US goods and imposed export controls and market access restrictions on select companies.
    

        Some US companies are already preparing for price increases in response to the latest tariffs. Target CEO Brian Cornell told CNBC on Tuesday that the tariffs could lead the company to raise prices on fruits and vegetables.
    

        ""Those are categories where we'll try to protect pricing, but the consumer will likely see price increases over the next couple of days,"" Cornell said, adding: ""If there's a 25% tariff, those prices will go up.""
    

China's markets have recently been supported by renewed interest in its tech stocks following DeepSeek's meteoric rise.
    

        At a press briefing on Monday, Scott Kennedy, a China specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said China felt it was in a ""much better position"" than during Trump's first term in office. Because of significant tech advances, Beijing is not ""desperate"" for a Trump deal, he said.
    

        ""If they're going to reach a deal, they want it to benefit China and not just be a one-way list of concessions from Beijing to Washington,"" Kennedy said.
    

        Trump is doubling down on tariffs just as Beijing holds its annual political meetings of the National People's Congress and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference known as ""Two Sessions.""
    

        Investors are watching for signs that China will step up stimulus measures amid heightened trade tensions, a prolonged economic downturn at home, and weak domestic consumption.
    

        Chinese Premier Li Qiang is expected on Wednesday to deliver the government work report that's set todetail top policy priorities and reveal China's 2025 GDP growth target.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
31,2025-03-04,"The deal ends Sunday, so act fast!

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

In case you missed it: Samsung just kicked off its big Spring Sale event yesterday, sharing a ton of outstanding smartphone deals for Android enthusiasts and budget-minded shoppers alike. While the offers on display are certainly impressive — especially if you're looking for a trade-in opportunity — there's one no-strings discount that you could easily miss if you aren't careful. Buy the 256GB configuration of the Galaxy Z Fold 6 in White and you'll score a massive $600 discount on the unlocked phone, totally destroying the current offers from retailers like Best Buy and Amazon. 
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 256GB (in White): $1,899.99 $1,299.99 OR from $599.99 with trade-in at Samsung
The Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 is a powerful foldable phone with two stunning AMOLED displays, a Snapdragon chipset, and all the useful Galaxy AI features that you could ever need. It's also quite expensive, which is why I was surprised to see the phone score a straight $600 discount during the Discover Samsung Spring Sale, but only if you buy the 256GB configuration in White. 
Although the deal doesn't require a trade-in, if you're looking to get rid of an old or broken phone, Samsung is also offering up to $1,000 of trade-in credit for the duration of the sale. 
💰Bundle opportunities: 25% off Galaxy Ring, 40% off Galaxy Watch 7
As I mentioned above, the only real catch attached to this deal is that you'll need to buy the phone with 256GB of storage AND in White to receive the savings. Not a fan of the color variant? Simply use some of that leftover cash to pick up one of the best Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 cases. 
Unlike a lot of the deals featured at Samsung this week, this Galaxy Z Fold 6 discount doesn't require a trade-in. That being said, if you do have an old phone to get rid of, the retailer is offering up to $1,000 of trade-in credit for eligible devices, such as the Galaxy Z Fold 4 and Z Fold 5. 
Easily one of the best foldable phones on the market today, the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 6 features two vibrant 120Hz displays with S Pen stylus support, the excellent Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 processor, and a bounty of AI-boosted software features. The biggest problem I have with the Galaxy Z Fold 6 is its steep price tag, but lucky for us, this Samsung deal has come along to lessen the blow. 
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
After almost a decade of working in the e-commerce space, Patrick Farmer (he/him) began his career at Android Central as a Deals and Commerce Writer before moving into a new role as AC's eCommerce Editor in 2023. When he's not hunting down the best deals and offering shopping advice for our readers, you'll often find him listening to music, camping out at a brewery, or treating his cat like a human child. 
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.
Samsung's Exynos woes might negatively impact its Galaxy Z Flip FE future
The Motorola Razr Plus (2024) just crashed well below its Black Friday price, but there's a catch
Gemini is taking over Chromebooks, leaving Google Assistant in the dust

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
32,2025-03-04,"ByCatherine Brock

ByCatherine Brock
, Contributor. 
You don't have to be an investing expert to buy stocks or funds. Chances are, you know enough to ... [+] make reasonable investing decisions by way of your work, lifestyle and hobbies.
The stock market can be unfriendly to newcomers trying to learn how to invest. There are dramatic headlines, nonsensical abbreviations and mysterious trends that seem to erase people’s money.
Yet, if you can look past these emotional barriers, stock market investing is the simplest and most reliable way to build wealth. Anyone with a budget, enough time and the right mindset can raise their net worth via investing.
Ready to learn how? Below are 11 expert-provided tips outlining how to invest safely and profitably. All points are taken from interviews with financial experts.
Steve Quirk, chief brokerage officer at Robinhood Markets, says, ""don’t be intimidated by the markets—you don't have to know everything.""
Quirk recommends investing first in familiar companies or industries. For ideas, think about where you work and what you like to do in your spare time. Then look for stocks and funds that invest in those areas.
For example, you may work at a retail store and brew beer at home. Chances are, you know enough about retailing and beer or beverages to make reasonable investing decisions. Start there and broaden your portfolio as you gain confidence.
""Diversification is the best tool used to combat uncertainty,"" according to Erica Nicole Grundza, financial planner at Betterment.
Diversification is the investing equivalent of not putting all your eggs in one basket. To diversify, invest in stocks and bonds across different industries and geographies. You can do this easily with funds or by owning at least 20 individual stocks alongside a bond fund.
An easy beginner’s approach is the two-fund portfolio, consisting of an S&P 500 fund and a U.S. Treasuries fund. An S&P 500 fund like SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) holds 500 of the largest and most successful U.S. companies. A bond fund like iShares U.S. Treasury Bond ETF (GOVT) invests in U.S. government debt securities with various maturities.
A bond's maturity is the length of time the bond is outstanding before it gets repaid. Short-term maturities, ranging from one year to four years, are the least risky. Long-term maturities, expiring in 10 years or more, are the riskiest.
""One of the best ways to learn is to get in the game and follow your investment,"" according to Patrick Kilbane, partner and wealth advisor at Ullmann Wealth Partners.
Tracking an investment's headlines and movements can help you gain confidence to invest more, says Kilbane. Or, you might learn you would prefer the guidance of a professional. Either way, you'll know more about your best path forward.
""Your ideal investing plan is one you really follow,"" according to Georgi Todorov, founder and CEO of Create & Grow. ""If you cannot be consistent, fancy plans have little use,"" Todorov continues.
You can build wealth simply through consistency. If you are short on time and money, set up an automated investment into a two-fund portfolio for $50 or $100 monthly. Raise the amount whenever you get a pay increase. In 10 years, you should be pleasantly surprised by your account’s value.
An easy program like this will always produce better results than a strategic stock-picking plan you never implemented.
Nicole Romito, partner at Private Vista LLC says, ""Investing in any part of the market is a recommended strategy for anyone with at least a five-year time frame before they need access to their money.""
You need five years of leeway to plan for the market’s normal ups and downs. The longer your timeline, the more flexibility you have to wait out a downturn—rather than selling when stock prices are at their lowest.
If you can’t leave your money invested for five years, Romito recommends a high-yield, FDIC-insured savings account instead. Rates in these accounts are currently ranging from 3.7% to 4.3%, according to Forbes Advisor.
Lukendric Washington, owner of Manifest Wealth Management, says, “A common mistake I see is people jumping to invest without having an earmarked emergency fund.”
Cash savings are your first line of defense against financial emergencies. Without a cash safety net, you may have to reach into your investment account to fund an insurance deductible or an unexpected health procedure. If stock prices happen to be down, this move undermines your returns.
Many experts recommend an emergency account balance large enough to cover three to six months of your living expenses. You can keep the funds in a high-yield savings account to maximize returns.
Ben Loughery, founder and CEO at Lock Wealth Management, describes investing as ""riding an escalator ... [+] while holding a yo-yo.""
Ben Loughery, founder and CEO at Lock Wealth Management, describes investing as ""riding an escalator while holding a yo-yo."" Loughery explains, ""The stock market moves up over time like an escalator, and daily price swings mimic a yo-yo moving up and down.""
Focus on the escalator. The long-term average growth of the stock market is about 7%, net of inflation. This 7% average includes the yo-yo of short-term volatility, which can introduce price changes of 30% to 50%. In other words, you can stay invested through these short-term price swings and still generate 7% annual returns over time. You won't gain 7% every year, but the good years should more than offset the bad ones.
Gloria S. Garcia Cisneros, CFP and wealth manager at LourdMurray, offers this advice: ""Don’t let headlines or your emotions dictate your investing decisions.""
Stock prices rise and fall. Headlines can position these normal cycles as world-ending or life-changing. They’re not. The lengthiest stock market downturns have remedied themselves in 15 years or less, according to an analysis by The Measure of a Plan. Most downturns are resolved within five years.
Cisneros notes that ""your behavior can impact returns more than the ups and downs of the stock market."" For example, selling during a market crash can lock in losses and prevent you from experiencing any gains when stock prices start rising again.
The better approach is to stay calm and do nothing when stock prices fall. The market will eventually recover and return to growth. Once your unrealized losses reverse, the downturn becomes irrelevant. Note that unrealized losses are negative positions on stocks you still own. The losses are not realized—that is, made permanent—unless you sell the stocks for less than you paid.
""In investments, particularly in the stock market, achieving average performance can make you rich,"" according to Robert R. Johnson, a professor of finance at Heider College of Business, Creighton University. Johnson continues, ""This is the entire premise of passive stock market index funds.""
You don't need to beat the market or buy into your neighbor's hot stock tip. You can get rich through consistent, ongoing market-level performance. The numbers prove it. You can amass about $570,000 by investing $500 monthly for 30 years. Increase the timeline to 35 years, and the ending balance rises to about $835,000. Both figures assume a stock market average annual return of 7%.
""Not investing is costing you more than investing,"" says Elizabeth Ralph, wealth strategist and intuitive investor at The Spiritual Investor.
""You don't need a lot of money to start,"" Ralph explains. ""If you invest small amounts consistently, it can grow into significant wealth over time."" On the other hand, if you choose not to invest, you are missing wealth opportunities with each passing day.
Technically, ""time starts now,"" is a quote from ""Chopped"" host Ted Allen. But the phrase captures the urgency of investing sooner rather than later. Ty Powell, financial advisor with Florida Financial Advisors agrees. In Powell’s words, ""Start investing now. Don't wait.""
The urgency relates to how compounding works. You start investing with a base amount, and then earn gains on top. The gains then produce more gains. The more you let this cycle repeat, the more wealth you can create—even if you never invest another dollar after the base amount.
The thing is, compounding takes time. Your results can be good in 10 years, impressive in 20 years, and incredible in 40 years. But if you don't invest today or this year, your opportunity shrinks—because your timeline gets shorter.
Learning how to invest shouldn’t delay your wealth program. Save to an emergency fund and start investing soon, even if your budget is small. A simple two-fund portfolio that delivers average results is enough. Invest regularly and stay in the market for the long haul—that’s the simple secret to incredible wealth creation."
33,2025-03-04,"Capital flows into Bank of America’s debt after investors moved away in recent days, as equity prices swoon."
34,2025-03-04,Conglomerate adds pump-maker business to its Energy and Sustainability Solutions (ESS) unit.
35,2025-03-04,"
    The superthin phone also features a 5,200-mAh battery, which means that if it were to be released, it wouldn't have to compromise on functionality.
  
This concept phone is wildly thin.
Amid rumors about a thinner iPhone, Tecno has unveiled a phone concept called the Spark Slim that's skinnier than a pencil. I got to hold it at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, and it's certainly the lightest and thinnest phone I've ever encountered (the company says it's just 146 grams). 
Typically, a narrower phone could mean compromising on things like battery life and camera, both of which phone buyers still rank among their highest priorities. But Tecno says the Spark Slim has a 5,200-mAh battery and two 50-megapixel cameras, one wide and one ultrawide. 
And if you're nervous about sitting on your phone and inadvertently turning it into a foldable, the company said not to worry, as the Spark Slim would use Corning's Gorilla Glass on the display and feature options for a ceramic or stainless steel backing. Tecno said that storage has yet to be determined since this is still just a concept. 
The company also showed off another concept called the Phantom Ultimate 2, a tri-fold phone that's 11 millimeters wide when folded and 3.5mm at its thinnest when unfolded. Its unfurled display measures 10 inches. Tecno says development on this device is so early that the company doesn't have any battery capacity or storage specs to share. 
The Phantom Ultimate 2 is another superthin phone concept from Tecno, this time in a foldable.
Thin phones are certainly having a moment, with the reveal of Samsung's Galaxy S25 Edge in January and the release of Oppo's superslim foldable, the Find N5. Apple is also said to be developing an ""iPhone 17 Slim"" that could be released in the fall. Whether the Tecno Spark Slim joins the party of real-world devices remains to be seen, but perhaps those chances aren't as slim as they may once have been. "
36,2025-03-04,Microsoft shares have fallen recently along with other once-hot technology stocks in an unraveling of the artificial-intelligence trade — but Evercore ISI analysts aren’t sure that Microsoft belongs among the tech carnage.
37,2025-03-04,"Business Insider Edition 
From Flickr to Grindr and Tumblr to The Weeknd, dropping an E has long been a way to signal youth and energy. But a 200-year-old investment firm that jumped onthe trend has reclaimed its vowels after facing widespread mockery for joining the E-free club.

        Standard Life Aberdeen rebranded as ""abrdn"" in 2021 under CEO Stephen Bird, saying it was part and parcel of being ""a modern, agile, digitally-enabled brand."" The decision sparked cackles at a straight-laced financial group seemingly trying to be cool and hip.
    

        Nearly four years later, it has rebranded once again as ""aberdeen,"" reinstating its three E's but stopping short of embracing a capital letter.
    

        CEO Jason Windsor wrote in the company's annual report on Tuesday that the move was aimed at ""removing distractions"" and described it as a ""pragmatic decision marking a new phase for the organisation.""
    

        The group's chief investment officer, Peter Branner, bemoaned the criticism of its shortened name as ""corporate bullying"" in an interview with Financial News last year. He derided the ""childish jokes"" and questioned whether those poking fun would do the same to a person.
    

        The asset manager reported a 6% fall in adjusted net operating revenue last year, to the sterling equivalent of $1.68 billion. Adjusted operating profit rose by 2% as Aberdeen reduced its adjusted operating costs by 7%.
    

        The company's stock price jumped by 9% in London on the news, taking its year-to-date gain to about 26%. It still trades about a third lower than it did when it last changed its name.
    

        Many corporations have changed their names over the years, often to herald a new strategic direction. For example, Weight Watchers rebranded in 2019 as WW after more than 50 years in business, and Dunkin' Donuts became simply Dunkin' the same year.
    

        Back in 2002, PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting rebranded as Monday, but it was acquired by IBM shortly afterward.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
38,2025-03-04,STORY: Chocolate maker Lindt & Spruengli found consumers had the taste for their products last year.It reported Tuesday (March 4) a better than expected full...
39,2025-03-04,"ByTrefis Team

ByTrefis Team
, Contributor. 
HEFEI, CHINA - JANUARY 17: Workers from Chinese electric vehicle (EV) company NIO inspect vehicles ... [+] in the final quality control area on the automated production line at the companys manufacturing hub on January 17, 2025 in Hefei, China. (Photo by Kevin Frayer/Getty Images)
 
Chinese luxury electric vehicle maker Nio stock reported delivering 13,863 vehicles in February. This figure represents a 62% increase compared to the same period last year, although it is approximately 5% lower than January’s deliveries. In contrast, Li Auto, the largest among China’s emerging EV manufacturers, delivered 26,263 vehicles in February—an increase of almost 30% year-over-year—while Xpeng sold 30,453 vehicles in February, which is over 6.5 times the 4,545 vehicles sold in the same month last year. The first few months of the year are generally sluggish for the Chinese automotive market due to the Chinese New Year festival, which typically falls between late January and mid-February. For a more accurate year-over-year comparison, it is useful to add January and February deliveries; in this case, Nio’s total for these two months was 27,055 vehicles, up about 49% from 18,187 units in the year-ago period.
Nio’s flagship brand delivered 9,143 vehicles in February—a 12.4% increase from 8,132 units in the same month last year and a 15% increase month-over-month. The Onvo subbrand, launched in the latter half of last year, contributed significantly to this year-over-year growth. However, Onvo deliveries dropped to 4,049 vehicles compared to January. Nio’s strategy with Onvo focuses on serving larger market segments while addressing niche needs. Its debut vehicle, the Onvo L60 – regarded as a rival to the Tesla Model Y – is priced between RMB 200,000 ($28,000) and RMB 300,000 ($42,000). The slowdown in Onvo sales is notable, especially since supply is not expected to constrain the L60; late last year, Nio announced plans to double production from 10,000 units in December to 20,000 by March 2025. That said, conditions might improve in the coming months. The new Onvo L90, a large SUV featuring three rows of seating, is expected to be unveiled in Q2 and go on sale in Q3 2025. Additionally, Nio introduced another brand, Firefly, late last year. Firefly will compete in the high-end compact car market against rivals such as BMW’s Mini and Mercedes’ Smart series in China. The company stated that pre-sales for the Firefly vehicle are open, with prices starting at 148,800 yuan (roughly $20,500). Although luxury compact EVs remain a niche in China, a substantial market exists for small EVs—especially in urban and congested areas—which could support Nio’s expansion as the market matures. Moreover, Firefly may also help Nio better compete in Europe, where compact cars dominate the market.
Although NIO stock has experienced modest growth in recent years, the Trefis High Quality Portfolio—a collection of 30 stocks—has delivered superior returns with lower risk compared to the benchmark S&P 500 index over the last four years, offering a less volatile ride as shown in the HQ Portfolio performance metrics. Given the current uncertain macroeconomic environment—with concerns over rate cuts and multiple conflicts—could NIO face a situation similar to previous years and underperform the S&P over the next 12 months, or will it recover?
Nio’s valuation appears quite attractive. The stock is trading at approximately $4.50 per share, or about 0.7x consensus 2025 revenues, which is low considering that revenues are projected to grow by over 40% in 2025 according to consensus estimates. In comparison, Tesla trades at around 9x revenues, even though its revenues are expected to grow by roughly 15% based on consensus estimates. For a detailed comparison of how Nio stock fares against its competitors Li Auto and Xpeng, see our analysis of Nio, Xpeng & Li Auto: How Do Chinese EV Stocks Compare?.
NIO Return Compared With Trefis Reinforced Portfolio 
Invest with Trefis
Market Beating Portfolios | Rules-Based Wealth"
40,2025-03-04,"Jack of all trades, master of none, as the saying goes, and that’s especially true for PCB prototyping tools. Sure, it’s possible to use a CNC router to mill out a PCB, and ditto for a fiber laser. But neither tool is perfect; the router creates a lot of dust and the fiberglass eats a lot of tools, while a laser is great for burning away copper but takes a long time to burn through all the substrate. So, why not put both tools to work?
Of course, this assumes you’re lucky enough to have both tools available, as [Mikey Sklar] does. He doesn’t call out which specific CNC router he has, but any desktop machine should probably do since all it’s doing is drilling any needed through-holes and hogging out the outline of the board, leaving bridges to keep the blanks connected, of course.
Once the milling operations are done, [Mikey] switches to his xTool F1 20W fiber laser. The blanks are placed on the laser’s bed, the CNC-drilled through holes are used as fiducials to align everything, and the laser gets busy. For the smallish boards [Mikey] used to demonstrate his method, it only took 90 seconds to cut the traces. He also used the laser to cut a solder paste stencil from thin brass shim stock in only a few minutes. The brief video below shows the whole process and the excellent results.
In a world where professionally made PCBs are just a few mouse clicks (and a week’s shipping) away, rolling your own boards seems to make little sense. But for the truly impatient, adding the machines to quickly and easily make your own PCBs just might be worth the cost. One thing’s for sure, though — the more we see what the current generation of desktop fiber lasers can accomplish, the more we feel like skipping a couple of mortgage payments to afford one.


Nice PCB holding jig !
“But oftentimes better than a master of one.”
That opening misquote always itches at me so here I am commenting… Shakespear said “Jack of all trades but master of none, oftentimes better than a master of none”. It’s a fine example of a quote that is totally now used to represent the very opposite of its intent! That said CNC and Fibre is a droolworthy combo.
“Shakespeare” even.
“one” even.
No, “one” odd. “Two” even.
Lol yup
“Shakespeare” even.
This one doesn’t count.  He spelled his own name a half-dozen different ways, himself.
Spelling back then was even more fluid than Modern American Internet Spelling is today, Noah Webster notwithstanding.
Citation needed.
master of one, not none. Else, effectively, the quote doesn’t make any sense.
Maybe instead of spreading misinformation you could have used google. https://www.phrases.org.uk/meanings/jack-of-all-trades.html
How is that misinformation? You’re defining the term “jack of all trades” whereas OP is talking about a quote from Shakespeare that includes this term: https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/11219058-a-jack-of-all-trades-is-a-master-of-none
The part master of none didn’t become a phrase until long after shakespeare had died, can you cite the work where shakespeare wrote that phrase?
Interesting. I never saw that phrase as having a negative connotation.
In my world, I’ve always taken that (partial) quote to mean that one is sufficiently proficient (“good enough”) at many things to get anything done, where a master can do only one thing.
Cross-functional knowledge is key to my survival and instrumental in the enjoyment of my hobbies and work (and frugality). Jack of all trades is aspirational to me. Master of none is aspirational to me. Adding the rest (“one”, not “none”) of the quote reinforces the meaning rather than negating it.
Today I learned that throughout my life, people have been insulting me and I was just too ignorant to notice. If only I were a master of literature, I’d have known. :-)
Shakespeare never said that. The “longer” version is a modern construction:
https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/408782/is-jack-of-all-trades-master-of-none-really-just-a-part-of-a-longer-proverb#508907
“Oftentimes better than a master of one”, not “none”
Breadth vs. Depth! Which of course it is all relative to the complexity of the problem to solve, or “trade” as it were. All variations can be valid and useful. I can see that for a collection of moderately complex jobs, a “Jack of all trades and master of some may sound better than the master of none as in hiring one guy to do multiple jobs decently well, seems attractive. On the other hand, I do prefer my surgeon or plane mechanics or pilots to be masters of solely one job!
We have a 1064 nm pulsed laser but never managed to properly cut copper or FR4 (it heavily chars the latter though). What wavelength and settings are used here?
hihi,
I’m Mikey the video author.
My experience was the same with FR1. The board chars and smokes, but even the 20W xTool F1 Ultra laser can get through  it. It was 3x slower than doing EdgeCuts on the CNC.
All the settings are on the github page under laser settings and called out in the video. Each step is using 30 kHz.
https://github.com/mikeysklar/cnc-fiber-laser-pcb
All the cuts and engraves in the video are 30 kHz. Details on the github page or video for power/speed/pass settings. Also a JSON config file is available for folks with the same model (xTool F1 Ultra).
https://github.com/mikeysklar/cnc-fiber-laser-pcb#laser-settings
aka Factotum.
https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/factotum
and at $4000+ price tag buy 5 so you have plenty to spare…….
Please be kind and respectful to help make the comments section excellent. (Comment Policy)
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

						By using our website and services, you expressly agree to the placement of our performance, functionality and advertising cookies. Learn more"
41,2025-03-04,"
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Inside IPO-bound Ola’s revenue model shift and lower take rate for cab rides
How Hang Seng is making Indian investors smile, and the risks you must weigh
Jaffar Express Bloodbath: How Balochistan Became Pakistan’s House of Cards
Is Indian Investor Faith in Equities on Test?
3 things EV makers should learn from Hero Electric insolvency proceedings
Saying AI to change, this is what Firstsource plans to do with its playbook
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Commodities
Top Definitions
Private Companies
Top Prime Articles
Top Story Listing
Top Slideshow
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 35% off on ETPrime






90 Days Prime access worth Rs999 unlocked for you
Stories you might be interested in"
42,2025-03-04,"ByTrefis Team

ByTrefis Team
, Contributor. 
NEW ORLEANS, LA - FEBRUARY 07: Lowe's has a fan section during the Super Bowl LIX Experience on ... [+] February 7, 2025 at Ernest N. Morial Convention Center in New Orleans, LA. (Photo by David Buono/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images)
 
Lowe’s (NYSE: LOW) shares have risen by 5% over the past week, surpassing the S&P 500 index’s decline of 0.8%. The stock performance of the home‐improvement retailer also outpaced that of its peer, Home Depot stock (NYSE: HD), which recorded a 4% gain during the same period. See Is Home Depot Stock A Buy After Q4 Earnings? Lowe’s recent momentum is a result of its Q4 earnings report, in which the company exceeded Wall Street expectations with sales of $18.6 billion and earnings of $1.99 per share. Notably, the retailer also registered a 0.2% rise in comparable sales, ending an eight‐quarter period of declines and outperforming analyst predictions of a 1.8% drop.
Since 2023, the customer mix at Lowe’s has disproportionately affected its results. DIY customers have shown less enthusiasm for spending on remodels and upgrades. Although there was a persistent decline in demand for larger discretionary DIY projects in Q4, this was partially offset by increased sales from rebuilding efforts after hurricanes Milton and Helene, along with robust performance in the professional and online channels. It is important to note that DIY customers account for approximately 70% of Lowe’s sales. Additionally, if you seek upside with less volatility than a single stock, consider the High Quality portfolio, which has outperformed the S&P and delivered over 91% returns since inception.
Lowe’s has managed a challenging environment in recent years, as the housing market slowed because of increasing interest rates. Since 2022, the Federal Reserve’s aggressive rate hikes (until September 2024, when it announced three consecutive rate cuts) intended to combat inflation have led to higher mortgage rates that have dampened home sales. Although mortgage rates have started to decline, reaching 6.76% as of February 27, they continue to be a major market factor. The gap between current borrowing costs and the lower rates enjoyed by existing homeowners has created a “lock-in effect,” causing homeowners to hesitate when selling and buying new properties. This diminished market activity has affected Lowe’s; however, homeowners will probably continue investing in property maintenance, which may offer some stability for Lowe’s.
The growth in LOW stock over the past four years has been inconsistent, with annual returns significantly more volatile than those of the S&P 500. Returns for the stock were 63% in 2021, -21% in 2022, 14% in 2023, and 13% in 2024. The Trefis High Quality Portfolio, which consists of 30 stocks, exhibits considerably less volatility. Moreover, it has comfortably outperformed the S&P 500 over the past four years. Why is that? Collectively, HQ Portfolio stocks delivered superior returns with lower risk compared to the benchmark index, resulting in a less volatile performance, as shown in HQ Portfolio performance metrics.
Lowe’s has released its financial guidance for fiscal year 2025, with total sales projected to range between $83.5 billion and $84.5 billion. This projection indicates a potential rise from the fiscal 2024 revenue of $83.67 billion. The company expects modest growth in comparable sales, projecting a year-over-year increase of 0% to 1%. Furthermore, Lowe’s forecasts its operating margin to be between 12.3% and 12.4% in fiscal 2025, which is a slight decline from the 12.5% margin recorded in fiscal 2024. Earnings per share are projected to be between $12.15 and $12.40, slightly lower than the fiscal 2024 EPS of $12.23.
We have updated Lowe’s Valuation to $253 per share, based on an expected EPS of $12.39 and a 20.4x P/E ratio for fiscal year 2025, which is nearly consistent (as of March 2) with the current market price. We project Lowe’s Revenue to reach $84.7 billion in fiscal year 2025, representing a slight year-over-year increase.
Review how other Lowe’s Peers perform on critical metrics. You can also explore additional comparisons for companies across various industries at Peer Comparisons.
LOW Return Compared With Trefis Reinforced Portfolio 
Invest with Trefis
Market Beating Portfolios | Rules-Based Wealth"
43,2025-03-04,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
Published onMarch 4, 2025
The new Grok 3 was launched a couple of weeks ago, and I’ve been playing with it ever since. I switched to it from Gemini, just to see how the two compare. And since Grok is currently only available to X Premium subscribers, I compared it with the Advanced version of Gemini that’s part of Google’s One AI Premium plan.
Grok 3 is said to excel at various things including coding, but I tested it out for my specific use case. I use chatbots to help me with work by finding typos in my writing, suggesting better headlines, and more. I also use them to analyze files and do research on all sorts of topics. So that’s going to be the focus of this comparison.
I tested both Grok 3 and Gemini side by side with the exact same prompts to see which one is better. I used two Gemini models — 2.0 Pro Experimental and 2.0 Flash — since they have different features. The Pro, for example, is the superior model on paper, but it doesn’t support file analysis, which is why I had to use the Flash model for that particular task.
I started off with a simple task of asking both chatbots to find typos in a long block of text. There were plenty of those inside, and while both did a decent job, Gemini pulled ahead. It found 72 typos while Grok highlighted 66. Grok missed a few basic ones, although Gemini also missed a few that Grok picked up, so neither of them did a perfect job here.
I also asked both chatbots to come up with a few headline ideas for a post, and they both did an excellent job. I then selected my favorite one and asked for five variations of it, and I was impressed with the results both Grok and Gemini delivered. However, this was to be expected, and I didn’t anticipate seeing major differences between them with such a simple task.
I then stepped it up a notch, and here’s where I saw the first difference between the two. When asked for a stock market summary that should include the top 10 companies that gained and lost the most in a specific trading day, Grok was way better. It provided me with a quick market summary followed by a list of the top 10 gainers and losers, along with the percentage changes and what caused them. The data provided was clear and concise.
When I asked Gemini the same thing, I got a rather strange response. The chatbot said it could not provide market data for the future and just gave me a hypothetical summary for demonstration purposes, as you can see in the screenshot above. I found absolutely no value in that. I then switched to the Flash model and asked the same question, and to my surprise, the answer was far better. Gemini provided me with a quick market summary in bullets and shared a list of four of the top gainers and losers. It’s better than nothing, but I asked for 10. What’s worse, it didn’t even provide the gains and losses in percentages, which is the data I’m interested in.
I then tried testing which of the two chatbots is better when it comes to analyzing files. I’ve uploaded a 100-page long document related to my recent real estate purchase and started asking questions. Here are just a few of the questions I asked, for reference:
In my opinion, Grok did a better job overall. Its responses were not only longer and more detailed, but also more accurate. For example, when askied about how many parking spaces there will be, Grok broke things down in detail, explaining how many there will be in garage 1, garage 2, and in front of the building. It then added up all three numbers for the total, which was correct. It even went a step further and mentioned all the spaces available for bicycles. Gemini, on the other hand, got the answer wrong. It didn’t take into account the parking spaces in the second garage for some reason, so the answer was off by quite a bit.
When asked about the number of apartments in the new complex, Gemini just gave me a one-sentence answer with the number, which was correct. Grok, on the other hand, went the extra mile and provided the number of apartments in each building that make up the new complex, alongside the apartment numbers for each building.
It’s worth mentioning that Grok’s longer and more detailed responses aren’t always a good thing, as it’s a matter of personal preference. So, while it does go into more detail, Gemini generally gives me the answers I’m looking for, but it sticks to the bare minimum. What’s better comes down to personal preference. While I generally like a longer response, especially on the topics I tested Grok 3 on, shorter ones are also suitable when nothing more than the basics is needed.
It wasn’t a clear victory for Grok, though. The chatbot didn’t find the answer to the question regarding the flooring installed in the apartments, saying that the document doesn’t contain that info, even though it does. Gemini was able to find it, though.
Grok also has the upper hand when it comes to questions about politics. Gemini doesn’t want to talk about this topic in most cases and refuses to answer questions like, “Who is the president of the US, and is he any good?” while Grok had no issue with that.
Grok 3 is great. It doesn’t get as much attention as Gemini, ChatGPT, or even the new DeepSeek, but it’s just as good. Better in some cases. Like my testing showed, it’s better than Gemini when it comes to researching topics like the stock market as well as when analyzing files. It’s also not as censored, so you can talk politics and other touchy subjects with it.
However, Gemini still has plenty of advantages over Grok 3, so it’s hard to proclaim one as the overall winner. For example, Gemini’s Imagen 3 image generator is better than Grok’s, even though the latter is more fun as it has fewer limitations.
Gemini also has Gems that let me customize the responses I get, Gemini Live that lets me have a real conversation that speeds things up, and extensions that work with Gmail, Maps, and other Google services. A Gemini Advanced subscription also includes access to NotebookLM Plus, which is one of the best AI tools out there.
So, for now, I’m sticking with Gemini for all the extra benefits it offers, despite the fact that Grok 3 has proven to be better in many cases during my testing. Your mileage may vary, though, since your use case may be different from mine. I wouldn’t dismiss Grok just because it’s not as talked about as its competitors, so try it out for yourself if you can to see if it suits your workflow better than rival chatbots like Gemini."
44,2025-03-04,"ByTrefis Team

ByTrefis Team
, Contributor. 
Web Summit attendees visit the Amazon Pavilion on the second day of the Web Summit in Doha, Qatar, ... [+] on February 24, 2025. (Photo by Noushad Thekkayil/NurPhoto via Getty Images).

 
Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) stock experienced a decline of over 3% on Monday, March 3, amid a broader Wall Street downturn. This sell-off was triggered by President Donald Trump’s tariff confirmation, which resulted in the Dow Jones falling 1.8% and the S&P 500 dropping 2.1%, marking its worst day of the year to date. Our take on market crash risk right now has more details on tariffs and its impact on the broader market.
At its current levels of $205, AMZN stock looks attractive but volatile — making it a tricky pick to buy. We believe there is minimal cause for concern with AMZN stock, which makes it attractive but highly sensitive to adverse events as its current valuation is very high. 
  We arrive at our conclusion by comparing the current valuation of AMZN stock with its operating performance over the recent years as well as its current and historical financial condition. Our analysis of Amazon.com along key parameters of Growth, Profitability, Financial Stability, and Downturn Resilience shows that the company has a very strong operating performance and financial condition, as detailed below. However, if you seek upside with less volatility than a single stock, consider the High-Quality portfolio, which has outperformed the S&P 500 and achieved returns greater than 91% since inception.
Going by what you pay per dollar of sales or profit, AMZN stock looks expensive compared to the broader market.
• Amazon.com has a price-to-sales (P/S) ratio of 4.0 vs. a figure of 3.1 for the S&P 500
  • Additionally, the company's price-to-operating income (P/EBIT) ratio is 41.4 compared to 24.4 for S&P 500
  • And, it has a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 22.3 vs. the benchmark’s 24.4
Amazon.com’s Revenues have seen notable growth over recent years.
• Amazon.com has seen its top line grow at an average rate of 14.3% over the last 3 years (vs. 9.8% for S&P 500)
  • Its revenues have grown 11.9% from $554 billion to $620 billion in the last 12 months (vs. change of 5.6% for S&P 500)
  • Also, its quarterly revenues grew 11.0% to $159 billion in the most recent quarter from $143 billion a year ago (vs. 7.2% change for S&P 500)
Amazon.com’s profit margins are around the median level for companies in the Trefis coverage universe.
• Amazon.com’s Operating Income over the last four quarters was $61 billion, which represents a moderate Operating Margin of 9.8% (vs. 12.6% for S&P 500)
  • Amazon.com’s Operating Cash Flow (OCF) over this period was $113 billion, pointing to a moderate OCF-to-Sales Ratio of 18.2% (vs. 14.4% for S&P 500)
Amazon.com's balance sheet looks strong.
• Amazon.com’s Debt figure was $135 billion at the end of the most recent quarter, while its market capitalization is $2.2 trillion (as of March 3, 2025). This implies a strong Debt-to-Equity Ratio of 5.4% (vs. 19.7% for S&P 500). [Note: A lower Debt-to-Equity Ratio is desirable]
  • Cash (including cash equivalents) makes up $101 billion of the $625 billion in Total Assets for Amazon.com. This yields a strong Cash-to-Assets Ratio of 15.1% (vs. 14.1% for S&P 500)
AMZN stock has been more resilient than the benchmark S&P 500 index during some of the recent downturns. Worried about the impact of a market crash on AMZN stock? Our dashboard How Low Can Stocks Go During A Market Crash captures how key stocks fared during and after the last six market crashes.
• AMZN stock fell 52.0% from a high of $170.40 on 3 January 2022 to $81.82 on 28 December 2022, vs. a peak-to-trough decline of 25.4% for the S&P 500.
  • The stock fully recovered to its pre-Crisis peak by Feb. 2, 2024.
  • Since then, the stock has increased to a high of $242.06 on Feb. 4, 2025, and currently trades at around $205.
• AMZN stock fell 22.7% from a high of $108.51 on 19 February 2020 to $83.83 on 12 March 2020, vs. a peak-to-trough decline of 33.9% for the S&P 500.
  • The stock fully recovered to its pre-Crisis peak by April 14, 2020.
• AMZN stock fell 65.3% from a high of $5.04 on Oct. 23, 2007, to $1.75 on 20 November 2008, vs. a peak-to-trough decline of 56.8% for the S&P 500.
  • The stock fully recovered to its pre-Crisis peak by Oct. 23, 2009.
In summary, Amazon.com's performance across the parameters detailed above are as follows:
• Growth: Very Strong
  • Profitability: Neutral
  • Financial Stability: Very Strong
  • Downturn Resilience: Strong
  • Overall: Strong
Hence, despite its very high valuation, the stock appears attractive but volatile, which supports our conclusion that AMZN is a tricky stock to buy.
Not too happy about the volatile nature of AMZN stock? The Trefis High Quality (HQ) Portfolio, with a collection of 30 stocks, has a track record of comfortably outperforming the S&P 500 over the last 4-year period. Why is that? As a group, HQ Portfolio stocks provided better returns with less risk versus the benchmark index; less of a roller-coaster ride as evident in HQ Portfolio performance metrics.
AMZN Return Compared With Trefis Reinforced Portfolio 
Invest with Trefis
Market Beating Portfolios | Rules-Based Wealth"
45,2025-03-04,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
46,2025-03-04,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
47,2025-03-04,"Trump stooge Larry Kudlow said today's stock market would collapse, so in yesterday's program, he immediately blamed President Biden for all of Trump's failures.
Since  Trump has continually promoted and implemented his economic-busting trade wars against our allies with fruitless tariffs, seeing the markets collapse was expected.
Yesterday Kudlow interviewed Trump's AI Barbie WH press secretary Karoline Leavitt.

KUDLOW: Last one, what's left of the Biden economy is slumping so badly. It's just slumping.
This is the legacy of the Biden economy. Will we hear? I want you to tell me, Caroline Leavitt.
I want you to say, Larry, we're going to have lots of talk about tax cuts and deregulation and energy production and economic growth in the State of the Union message tomorrow.
Upbeat. Very. I used to call it growthier. Karoline, we're going to have a growth of your speech tomorrow to keep those animal spirits going.
Tell me it's all true.
LEAVITT: It's all true, Larry.
I can confirm the president is going to talk about his economic agenda.
And truly, this administration is working around the clock to bring down the cost of living for the American people, to deregulate the regulations that Joe Biden put on every industry across the board.
And, you know, tax cuts are a huge priority for this president, and he'll be talking directly to Congress about that tomorrow night.
All right, great stuff.

When the AI Barbie doll says Trump is working around the clock to bring down the cost of living, that, of course, is a major lie. Trump's tariffs will increase inflation and drive up prices for the working class.
Every competent human being understood this, but the MAGA cult could care less since they just wanted to see Trump Jesus in office.
For over 20 years we have been exposing Washington lies and untangling media deceit, but social media is limiting our ability to attract new readers. Please give a one-time or recurring donation, or buy a year's subscription for an ad-free experience. Thank you.
To become an ad-free subscriber please select one of the following two options. Once you click your selected plan a window will open taking you to Admiral, our ad-free partner.
If you don't mind the ads and would rather donate, please select one of the options below:"
48,2025-03-04,"Business Insider Edition 
Amazon led the way in bringing live sports to streaming and disrupted the market last year when it rolled out ads by default to its Prime Video viewership. But it's facing stronger competition in 2025 from Netflix, Google-owned YouTube, and more.

        One advantage Amazon still has is its massive scale and trove of data.
    

        Krishan Bhatia, the NBCUniversal vet who was tapped as VP of ad sales for Prime Video last year, said reach was ""fundamental"" — especially when using ""data and targeting to optimize against audience segments.""
    

        Amazon touts a reach of 115 million monthly ad-supported viewers on Prime Video, which grows to 175 million when the rest of its TV offering is included.
    

        Another core part of Bhatia's pitch is making it easier to buy advertising across that audience. To help grow its share of advertisers' budgets, Amazon is rolling out a new tool called Complete TV. This tool lets advertisers view data from their streaming TV ad buys across Amazon and its competitors in one place. Complete TV can then give them AI-generated recommendations for how to spend more of their budgets (with Amazon, presumably).
    

        Bhatia spoke ahead of planned pitches scheduled with ad holding companies the week of March 3.
    

        Amazon's pitch may not satisfy some TV advertisers, who have told BI they don't want to be limited to using Amazon's ad-buying tech, which they say prevents them from holistically measuring their spending across media companies, although Complete TV pitches itself as solving for that request. They asked for anonymity when discussing business deals; their identities are known to BI.
    

        Bhatia talked up Amazon's live sports prowess, bolstered by the addition of the NBA this year, plus its customer data and ability to tie ads to outcomes.
    

        But beyond sports, Prime Video has more to prove to advertisers who want to be associated with shows people are passionate about. Amazon's share of TV viewing, at 3.7% in January, trails YouTube, Netflix, and Disney. It has broadly popular shows but hasn't had a mega hit with the cultural impact of Netflix's ""Squid Game"" or ""Stranger Things.""
    

        Bhatia pointed to the action TV series ""Reacher"" and sci-fi drama ""Fallout"" as examples of Amazon's popular entertainment.
    

        ""I think everyone wants to have hits,"" he said. ""There's no question about that. I think we've had our share of hits and our studio teams and content programming teams continue to be focused on finding great IP that scales in the US and scales globally as well.""
    

        Bhatia said Amazon is working to develop more audience insights for advertisers but that it wouldn't match Netflix in publicizing comprehensive viewership stats for shows and movies.
    

        ""When we serve the customer, we talk about the data that matters,"" he said. ""And they understand the performance, they understand the reach, they understand the audience insights that we're delivering to them. That's more important than the public bragging rights that may come along with them.""
    

        However, some advertisers tell BI they still want more data from streamers generally — particularly around which shows their ads appear on — similar to what they get on linear TV.
    

        Amazon also touts as a selling point that it relies less on interruptive formats by using shopping carousels and AI tools to soup up its ad targeting abilities.
    

        ""We've been committed from the outset to keep the interruptive ad load to a minimum,"" Bhatia said. ""That means that you're going to have a lower interruptive ad load on average. It's a balancing act, but our strategy is to have a diverse set of ad experiences that do not just rely on growing 15 and 30-second commercials.""
    

        Amazon pulled in $3.8 billion in streaming video revenue last year, to Netflix's $1.5 billion, EMARKETER estimated.
    

        But it faces increased competition.
    

        Netflix is making ads a bigger part of its growth plan and has shown it can convene large live audiences with two Christmas Day NFL games and the Jake Paul versus Mike Tyson boxing match late last year. YouTube has user data that rivals Amazon and has been the top TV viewing destination for two years running. Disney now has more TV viewing share than Amazon across Disney+, ESPN+, and Hulu combined.
    

        Ad insiders say thanks in part to Amazon flooding the market and driving down rivals' prices, buyers have more places to go and expect still more bargains — which they expect to use to extract further price cuts.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
49,2025-03-04,"As the nation’s economy absorbs the shock of tariffs broadly imposed this week by President Donald Trump, experts warn that housing is one area that could take a double hit.
Simon Buechler, an assistant professor at Miami University’s Farmer School of Business, said that tariffs on construction materials could impact housing costs,  “while financial policy shifts may affect lending and investment in the sector.” In other words, banks could become more restrictive on loans if the overall economic climate is roiled too much, which could chill housing.
But the biggest shock will be felt in the building materials for homes, said Andrew Latham, a certified financial planner and editor at Supermoney.com
“Tariffs on construction materials like lumber, steel, and drywall can drive up home prices by making building more expensive,” Latham said, noting that the present situation is not unprecedented.
“When the U.S. imposed tariffs on Canadian lumber in 2017, prices spiked nearly 80%, adding $30,000+ to the cost of a typical new home,” Latham said, citing the National Association of Home Builders. The tariffs will be felt most in the walls of the house.
“Since over 70% of softwood lumber comes from Canada and more than 70% of gypsum, used for drywall, comes from Mexico, tariffs on these imports hit builders hard, leading to higher home prices and fewer new homes on the market,” Latham said. Still, he added, countering that could be additional business for  U.S. industries which could help stabilize supply chains long term if domestic production increases.
The tariffs could also act as a brake in some markets where housing is hot, which is good or bad, depending on if you are buying or selling.
“Tariffs can also cool an overheated market by slowing demand—when prices rise too fast, fewer people buy, which can ease price spikes,” Latham said, noting that  in cities already dealing with housing shortages, higher construction costs will make homeownership even tougher.
“So the long-term impact depends on whether U.S. companies can step up production fast enough to offset rising costs and keep the housing market balanced,” he explained.
Some homebuilders are already bracing themselves.
“Tariffs are going to be especially impactful on manufactured elements of homes, such as appliances and pre-built roof joists. These items often cross the border more than once, and get hit with tariffs each time they do,” said Jonathan Palley, CEO of Clever Tiny Homes. Multiple tariffs will be especially problematic for his business, he said, since manufacturing is how they bring down costs.
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
50,2025-03-04,"NVIDIA's RTX 5070 review embargo has passed, and it seems that reviewers are finally fed up with NVIDIA's marketing. Here's what you need to know before buying.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

NVIDIA RTX 5070 reviews are in, and the reception for the delayed midrange graphics card is much more negative than I expected.
With the official launch date set as March 5, 2025, a day ahead of AMD's competing Radeon RX 9000 launch, it's clear that NVIDIA wanted to get information about the new card before Team Red could make its debut.
That strategy, however, has seemingly backfired, with negative reviews piling up for the $549 GPU that NVIDIA promised could perform at the same level as an RTX 4090.
At this point, after weeks of negative press surrounding NVIDIA's iffy performance claims, extreme stock shortages, missing ROPs, melting power cables, and faulty drivers — am I missing anything? — many were expecting the RTX 5070 to fall flat.
And indeed, most reviews make it seem like NVIDIA saved the worst for last.
Here's a roundup of RTX 5070 opinions from around the internet to give you a clear idea of what to expect when the GPU launches on March 5.

Despite the wave of negative and middling reviews, the RTX 5070 will undoubtedly sell out when it goes on sale on March 5. There's that much demand.
All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
NVIDIA has struggled to provide retailers with more than the bare minimum of stock, and that's not expected to change with the 5070.
That might not be bad, especially since the GPU seems to be a miss.
Echoing most of the reviewers I've quoted here, I urge you to hold off on buying any of NVIDIA's cards until we see what AMD has cooked up with its Radeon RX 9070 XT and RX 9070, set to launch on March 6.
If AMD can provide stock at or close to MSRP — and if performance claims turn out to be true — the RX 9070 XT and RX 9070 could prove to be a far better investment.
Cale Hunt brings to Windows Central more than eight years of experience writing about laptops, PCs, accessories, games, and beyond. If it runs Windows or in some way complements the hardware, there’s a good chance he knows about it, has written about it, or is already busy testing it. 
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
51,2025-03-04,Nordstrom will become a private company owned by its founding family and Mexican retailer El Puerto de Liverpool
52,2025-03-04,"
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

3 things EV makers should learn from Hero Electric insolvency proceedings
These mid-cap healthcare stocks have given the highest returns in a wobbly market
CBI closes in on NCLT cash-for-orders bribery ring
Is it time to dip your toes into small and mid cap stocks?
Can IndusInd Bank be the same again?
Tata Group’s presence poised to open a new chapter in India’s aircraft financing
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Slideshow
Top Performing MF
Top Prime Articles
Top Definitions
Top Story Listing
Top Commodities
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 35% off on ETPrime






90 Days Prime access worth Rs999 unlocked for you
Stories you might be interested in"
53,2025-03-04,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
54,2025-03-04,"It originally told us that the OnePlus Watch 3 would only get two years of software support, well short of Pixel and Galaxy Watches.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

When OnePlus originally told us and other sites that the OnePlus Watch 3 would stop at two years of security updates, it was a frustrating disappointment. But it appears to have been a simple miscommunication: OnePlus contacted us to confirm that both the Watch 2 and Watch 3 will receive ""3 years of quarterly security updates.""
They'll also receive ""3 years of software updates,"" though not three version updates: the OnePlus Watch 2 launched with Wear OS 4 and will stop at Wear OS 6 in 2026. The OnePlus Watch 3 will eventually receive Wear OS 7 in 2027.
Compared to other Wear OS watches, the OnePlus Watch 3 will match the Pixel Watch 3 with three years of security support — though the latter will get one more version update and speedier support. Samsung, meanwhile, promises four years of version and security updates for its Galaxy Watches.
The OnePlus Watch 3 has incredible battery life for a Wear OS watch at five days per charge, beating Google and Samsung for longevity. But two years of security support made the Watch 3 harder to recommend when Google, Samsung, and Apple watches would get patched with fixes and enhancements for much longer. With this misunderstanding resolved, the Watch 3 looks more appealing to Android users.
OnePlus will still have slower version updates than Google and Samsung. The Watch 2 and 2R are due to receive Wear OS 5 between July and September, about a year after the Galaxy Watch 7 and Galaxy Watch Ultra launched with it. But that seems to have become the norm for third-party Wear OS watches, and later is better than never.

I originally wrote about my confusion and frustration with the Watch 3's two-year update plan, since it suggested that it would stop receiving security updates before it got its last version update in 2027. So I'm relieved to have the issue clarified. And generally speaking, OnePlus's Watch 3 messy launch has distracted from how excited we are about this watch's potential.
OnePlus faced some amused mockery when someone spotted a ""Meda in China"" typo on the Watch 3's bottom. It eventually delayed the watch's release to April to fix the typo and sent the first batch of watches out with an apology letter, even though most people likely would never have noticed the tiny disclaimer hidden against their wrist.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
More importantly, OnePlus promised that they are ""working on"" fixing two key Watch 3 downsides ""this year."" Specifically, they know the 1.5-inch Watch 3 is too large for some wrists and are developing a smaller model; and they're talking with carriers to try and bring LTE cellular support to their watches outside of China.
If you look past the critiques and self-inflicted errors, OnePlus has plenty to be proud of with the Watch 3, from its eye-friendly display to the impressive battery life that dwarfs the competition, not to mention its blazingly fast charging speed. The Watch 2-to-3 upgrades are significant enough that we already consider the Watch 3 one of the best Android smartwatches on the market.
Michael is Android Central's resident expert on wearables and fitness. Before joining Android Central, he freelanced for years at Techradar, Wareable, Windows Central, and Digital Trends. Channeling his love of running, he established himself as an expert on fitness watches, testing and reviewing models from Garmin, Fitbit, Samsung, Apple, COROS, Polar, Amazfit, Suunto, and more.
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.
This hybrid smartwatch finally convinced me to ditch the Apple Watch
Pebble is so back as Core 2 Duo and Time 2 watches arrive for pre-order
Gemini is taking over Chromebooks, leaving Google Assistant in the dust

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
55,2025-03-04,"In-house chip rumors continue to surface as Samsung looks to get back into form.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Recent rumors suggest Samsung is getting a little more serious about a new in-house chip for next year's flagship series.
An FNNews (Korean) report claims the Korean OEM has created a ""performance improvement task force"" to oversee everything concerning the Exynos 2600 SoC (via SammyGuru). Samsung's Foundry business is supposedly feeling pressure to kick up the ""urgency"" about the chip's performance levels. Aside from performance, the report states the company is looking into enhancing the ""stabilization"" of the Exynos 2600.
Samsung's Foundry and LSI Divisions are said to be focusing all efforts on these key areas to prepare for its next-gen series and to better compete against other manufacturers.
The Korean publication states this ""task force"" was created ""preemptively to secure performance competitiveness compared to competitors' products."" Specifically, it's supposed insider claims this is about Qualcomm and MediaTek's respective flagship SoCs.
Meanwhile, the post reiterates a few aspects of the chip: it will likely be based off a 2nm process and Samsung could pop it into the Galaxy S26 series. The post states Samsung could look to enter mass-production of the Exynos 2600 by May. However, a final decision about its implementation in the Galaxy S26 will come ""by the end of this year.""

Samsung has had a rocky history with its in-house chips as of late, as a report last May claimed it would enter mass-production by 2025. Those early rumors stated the Exynos 2600, built on a 2nm process, could deliver a 12% increase in performance, a 25% in overall power efficiency, and a 5% decrease in total area. This was followed up by another South Korean report several months later, claiming Samsung was looking at the Exynos 2600 ""significantly"" for the S26 series.
The report claimed the company was interested in moving away from its reliance on other manufacturers, namely Qualcomm, for its flagship series. In short, this would help Samsung cut costs as its SoC comes from within. Costs were a point highlighted by the FNNews report, as well.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
That report about its significant use didn't explain which consumers were in an Exynos waiting room. However, looking at the Galaxy S24 series, it had an Exynos variant available in Europe, India, and the U.K. Speculation says Samsung might keep Qualcomm's next flagship SoC for its U.S. market, but that remains to be seen.
Nickolas is always excited about tech and getting his hands on it. Writing for him can vary from delivering the latest tech story to scribbling in his journal. When Nickolas isn't hitting a story, he's often grinding away at a game or chilling with a book in his hand.
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.
Samsung's Exynos woes might negatively impact its Galaxy Z Flip FE future
The Motorola Razr Plus (2024) just crashed well below its Black Friday price, but there's a catch
Gemini is taking over Chromebooks, leaving Google Assistant in the dust

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
56,2025-03-04,"Business Insider Edition 
If you're a coder, you already know: There just aren't as many jobs as there used to be.

        Openings for software engineers in the US on Indeed are down by more than one-third from five years ago.
    

        For many engineers, the drop-off likely feels even steeper. Job postings are well off levels seen during the pandemic, when the industry was awash in openings.
    

        In early to mid-2022, there were three times as many software engineering roles listed on Indeed.
    

        Artificial intelligence is surely one cause. The same technology that can make coders more productive appears to be undercutting hiring demand.
    

        Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff recently said the tech giant might not hire any engineers in 2025 because AI tools allowed Salesforce engineers to do so much more.
    

        ""We have seen such incredible productivity gains because of the agents that work side by side with our engineers,"" Benioff said on ""The Logan Bartlett Show"" in January.
    

        Productivity gains are great news for coders with jobs, but the AI boost can be worrisome for job seekers.
    

        A year ago, the startup Cognition Labs released what it said was the first AI software engineer. The company, backed by Peter Thiel's venture capital fund, caused a stir with its announcement.
    

        ""There was a lot of panic,"" Jesal Gadhia, the head of engineering at Thoughtful AI, which creates AI tools for healthcare providers, previously told Business Insider. ""I had a lot of friends of mine who messaged me and said, 'Hey, am I going to lose my job?'""
    

        He worried that even though coders are still needed in many areas, AI could step into roles that have long served as training grounds for junior engineers.
    

        ""Junior engineers,"" Gadhia said, ""have a little bit of a target behind their back.""
    

        It's not all bad news for those with strong technical chops. In late August, the Bureau of Labor Statistics forecast that demand for software developers, quality-assurance analysts, and testers would grow by 17% from 2023 to 2033. The agency noted that that'd be far faster than growth in the overall job market.
    

        Lighthouse Labs, a Canadian company offering coding boot camps, argued in January that global demand for skilled workers in data analytics, cybersecurity, and cloud computing was outstripping supply. Unsurprisingly, some of the biggest gains involve AI. Lighthouse Labs said that was partly because there's demand well beyond the tech industry for people with skills in areas like machine learning.
    

        Regardless of industry, demands on coders' time will likely continue to evolve because of AI. GitLab has said developers spend only about a quarter of their time coding.
    

        Madars Biss, a tech writer and front-end developer, previously told BI that he expected developers to spend less time generating code and more time managing AI-generated code.
    

        AI tools, Biss said, could ""handle much of the routine and repetitive tasks of the developer,"" while ""humans focus on managing, double-checking, and creativity.""
    

        As with Salesforce, that could change how companies hire software engineers.
    

        In June, Amazon Web Services' chief, Matt Garman, predicted that AI would handle a good deal of coders' work.
    

        ""If you go forward 24 months from now, or some amount of time — I can't exactly predict where it is — it's possible that most developers are not coding,"" Garman said.
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
57,2025-03-04,"
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Inside IPO-bound Ola’s revenue model shift and lower take rate for cab rides
How Hang Seng is making Indian investors smile, and the risks you must weigh
3 things EV makers should learn from Hero Electric insolvency proceedings
Saying AI to change, this is what Firstsource plans to do with its playbook
Stock Radar: Bajaj Finance sees profit booking after hitting record highs in February 2025; should you buy the dip?
Two Trades for Today: A cigarette major for a surge of over 8%, a mid-cap chemical maker for a gain of almost 7%
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Prime Articles
Top Performing MF
Top Definitions
Top Commodities
Top Slideshow
Top Story Listing
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 35% off on ETPrime






90 Days Prime access worth Rs999 unlocked for you
Stories you might be interested in"
58,2025-03-04,Dodge faces a class-action lawsuit from Durango Hellcat owners who claim the automaker misled them about the SUV's exclusivity.
59,2025-03-04,"Darnold had a career year, but the Vikings opted to let him become a free agent. Here's how things could play out in Minnesota."
60,2025-03-04,"DUBLIN (Reuters) -Flutter, the world's largest online betting company, said on Tuesday it expects to increase its core profit by around 34% this year..."
61,2025-03-04,"A CNN poll found 52% of respondents disapprove of Trump's performance in office.
President Donald Trump is set to address a joint session of Congress Tuesday night amid sagging approval ratings, according to recent polling data, even as he maintains he has a ""resounding"" mandate from Americans who elected him and will likely use his prime-time speech to justify his actions so far and going forward.
A key question: If his numbers remain relatively low amid his controversial moves, how long might it be before backing from congressional Republicans starts to flag as well?
As of Monday, 538's polling average of Trump approval indicates that 48.1% approve while 47.8% disapprove. 538's polling average also found that 48.2% have an unfavorable opinion of Trump while 46.5% have a favorable one.
With just more than a month in office, a CNN poll out Sunday shows that 52% of respondents disapprove of Trump's performance in office so far. Forty-eight percent approve of his performance, the poll found.
The survey -- conducted from Feb. 24-28 -- before the explosive argument between Trump, Vice President JD Vance and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Oval Office Friday afternoon -- also found that a majority of respondents said Trump has not adequately addressed the country's most pressing concerns.
Last week, a separate Washington Post/Ipsos Poll found Trump's approval rating at 45% with 53% of Americans disapproving. Also, 57% said the president has exceeded his authority since taking office.
The poll also found that only 34% approve of how Elon Musk is handling his role in firing federal workers as part of the Department of Government Efficiency -- with 49% disapproving.
Dean Lacy, professor of government at Dartmouth College, said he anticipates Trump's approval rating may hover around these numbers for some time.
""He's probably going to be locked around a 50% approval rating for a while,"" Lacy said. ""The approval rating itself, the numbers maybe don't indicate the depth of sentiment toward him, even though his approval rating is 50-52%. I think he has a 40-45% of the public that loves him and 40 or 45% that despises him. And that's not going to change much, regardless of what he does. It would take a lot to shake up.""
Trump's approval rating numbers come as Republicans have been facing pushback from constituents angry about Trump's role in Musk's cuts across the federal government.
Many Republicans are grappling with how to align with Trump and still appease constituents moving forward, Lacy said.
""The harder issues, the bigger issues, the tougher issues are coming up, and those are the ones that people will be deciding how to vote on in another two years,"" he said.
Trump's current job approval rating of 45% is the second lowest for presidents at this point in their term dating to Harry Truman, according to recent data from Gallup. (Truman's first few weeks fell at a different time because he became president after the death of President Franklin D. Roosevelt.) The lowest was Trump himself at 40% in February 2017.
Trump has the lowest favorability rating of recent presidents at this point in their presidency. His 44% favorability -- as found in a recent Reuters/Ipsos poll -- is 15 percentage points lower than Biden's in February 2021, and similar to Trump's rating of 46% in February 2017.
Still, the Trump administration is touting the president's accomplishments, with a recent White House press release claiming that he ""has already accomplished more than most presidents do in their entire term as he makes good on his promise to usher in the New Golden Age of America.""
Yet a majority of people (52%) said that Trump has not paid enough attention to the country's most important problems, according to the CNN poll. Forty percent said he has the right priorities; 8% were unsure.
At the Conservative Political Action Conference last month, Trump said he had a mandate from the American people following his victory in November and would work to deliver on his promises.
""The people have given us a resounding mandate for dramatic change in Washington, and we're going to deliver it, we're going to use it, and we're going to make America great again by using it,"" Trump said.
The economy and the cost of living -- long-identified as a top voter issue during the presidential election -- remain top priorities for the Trump administration, White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt said.
""I can assure the American people that the president is very much focused on bringing down the cost-of-living crisis in this country,"" she said in a White House press briefing last week.
Many Americans have said that Trump is focusing on the policies ""that many Americans don't like, or don't consider very important"" -- such as the economy and inflation, according to a recent Reuters/Ipsos poll. The poll, conducted last month, found that 58% of respondents said inflation would be a major factor in deciding their vote in future elections. But just 32% approved of the job Trump was doing on inflation.
Lacy said the economy is they most important issue for many Americans, and Trump, who has promised to bring down prices, will need to address it.
""I think he has some explaining to do. I think he already started that explaining by saying, 'we'll go through a period of pain' as he threatens and possibly imposes tariffs. But this pain can't last very long, so he has to lay out what he thinks the future will look like, what his plans will be and when Americans can expect to see those prices go down and the stock market go up,"" Lacy said.
The Trump administration has acknowledged the challenge with the economy, with Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent saying on Sunday that they are ""tackling"" it.
""I think President Trump said that he'll own the economy in six or 12 months. But I can tell you that we are working to get these prices down every day,"" Bessent said on CBS' ""Face the Nation"" on Sunday. ""But it took four years to get us here, and we've had five weeks.""
Langer Research Associates' Christine Filer contributed to this report.
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events"
62,2025-03-04,The Dow Jones and the other major indexes sank on the stock market today as tariffs began. Big Tech names continued to feel pain.
63,2025-03-04,"iCloud storage can be a sore spot for iPhone users who don’t want to pay monthly for cloud storage but also find the free 5GB plan nowhere near sufficient. Apple, however, has just defeated a US lawsuit concerning its iCloud storage practices after a judge di…"
64,2025-03-04,"His investment strategy reflects a shift away from capex-heavy stocks towards consumption and BFSI.

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

IndusInd Bank’s derivatives portfolio under pressure. Is unwinding of yen-carry trade the reason?
Bigger trucks, lower costs: How Delhivery is taking baby steps towards Road Trains
As global markets align in downturn, Wall Street catches India’s chill
PSU Bank board vacancies at 42%; Don’t they require urgent attention?
Is Indian Investor Faith in Equities on Test?
Jaffar Express Bloodbath: How Balochistan Became Pakistan’s House of Cards
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Commodities
Top Slideshow
Private Companies
Top Prime Articles
Top Story Listing
Top Definitions
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 35% off on ETPrime






90 Days Prime access worth Rs999 unlocked for you
Stories you might be interested in"
65,2025-03-04,"Given Germany’s shrinking economy and serious public-debt problems in both Italy and France, Donald Trump’s proposed import tariffs risk triggering a Europe-wide recession and another eurozone debt crisis. Trump’s “America First” trade agenda would soon blow back on the United States – not least on his beloved stock market.
 WASHINGTON, DC – At the first cabinet meeting of his second term, US President Donald Trump declared his intention to impose a sweeping 25% tariff on all imports from the European Union. But before opening a European front in his trade war, Trump might want to consider the continent’s economic malaise: the German economy has been experiencing a prolonged downturn, while Italy and France are struggling with serious public-debt problems. Maybe then Trump will grasp that his tariff actions – part of his “America First” agenda – risk triggering a European-wide recession and another eurozone debt crisis. 
 Some might argue that Trump has no interest in Europe’s fate. But given how badly the 2010 Greek debt implosion shook US and world financial markets, similar crises in France and Italy, the European Union’s second- and third-largest economies (and many times the size of Greece’s), would have truly catastrophic consequences for markets and the global economy. That is the last thing Trump needs on his watch. 
 Germany’s recent economic woes, like Shakespeare’s sorrows, “come not single spies but in battalions.” They include COVID-related supply-chain disruptions, an energy shock caused by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, a major slowdown in Chinese demand for German capital goods (following the collapse of the Chinese housing-market bubble), and increased competition from Chinese firms, especially in the automotive and clean-energy sectors. Under these circumstances, and given that exports account for nearly 50% of its GDP, Germany can ill afford US import tariffs. 
 It is difficult to overstate the adverse effects that the aforementioned shocks have had on the German economy. Since the start of the pandemic in 2020, the US economy has grown by 12%, whereas the German economy experienced no growth in output, and even fell into recession in 2023, from which it has yet to recover. Now, the Bundesbank is warning that Trump’s proposed import tariffs could cause the German economy to contract by 1.5% in 2027. 
 Unfortunately, all signs point to Trump setting his sights on Europe in general, and on Germany in particular, as the next target of his trade war. Following his 25% tariff on steel and aluminum imports, Trump is contemplating similar duties on automobiles and pharmaceutical products – a large share of which the US imports from Germany. He has also threatened “reciprocal” tariffs to match those of America’s trading partners, while pledging to target countries that have large bilateral trade surpluses with the US. In 2024, Germany’s trade surplus with America reached a record $72 billion. 
 Meanwhile, Italy and France currently have higher public debt-to-GDP ratios than they did during the eurozone sovereign-debt crisis of 2010-12. These governments have also amassed unsustainably large budget deficits, but seemingly lack the political will to address their public-finance problems. 
Access every new PS commentary, our entire On Point suite of subscriber-exclusive content – including Longer Reads, Insider Interviews, Big Picture/Big Question, and Say More – and the full PS archive.

Subscribe Now

 Even if they mustered the political will to act, it would be difficult for Italy and France to put their public debt on a sustainable path. Stuck in the euro straitjacket, these countries cannot use interest-rate or exchange-rate policy to boost exports or consumer demand to offset the contractionary effect of fiscal belt-tightening on aggregate demand. Moreover, a significant downturn in the German economy would make it even more difficult for these countries to reduce their debt burdens, because demand for their exports would fall. 
 Europe’s last hope is that Trump recognizes, before it is too late, that triggering a recession and a debt crisis in Europe is not in America’s economic interest. As the Greek sovereign-debt crisis illustrated, the US financial system has considerable exposure to the European economy. At the same time, a eurozone recession would likely be bad news for Trump’s beloved stock market, because around 40% of the S&P 500 companies’ profits are derived from their overseas operations. 
 But hope is not a strategy, especially at a time when Trump seems fully committed to an aggressive “America First” trade policy. Instead, European policymakers should ready themselves for an all-out trade war. The best defense would be to undertake the bold structural reforms that Mario Draghi, the former president of the European Central Bank, proposed last September to restore the bloc’s competitiveness. 
Access every new PS commentary, our entire On Point suite of subscriber-exclusive content – including Longer Reads, Insider Interviews, Big Picture/Big Question, and Say More – and the full PS archive.

Subscribe Now


Mar 14, 2025
Dambisa Moyo


Mar 18, 2025
Dani Rodrik


Mar 13, 2025
Katharina Pistor


Mar 17, 2025
Michael R. Strain


Mar 19, 2025
Jim O'Neill


                                 Writing for PS since 2025 
3 Commentaries

Desmond Lachman, a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, is a former deputy director of the International Monetary Fund’s Policy Development and Review Department and a former chief emerging-market economic strategist at Salomon Smith Barney.
Before posting a comment, please confirm your account. To receive another confirmation email, please click here.


                            It appears that you have not yet updated your first and last name. If you would like to update your name, please do so here.
                        
After posting your comment, you’ll have a ten-minute window to make any edits. Please note that we moderate comments to ensure the conversation remains topically relevant. We appreciate well-informed comments and welcome your criticism and insight. Please be civil and avoid name-calling and ad hominem remarks.




Your name




Your email




Friend's name




Friend's email




Message








First Name




Last Name




Email




Please provide more details about your request







We hope you're enjoying our PS content


Subscribe

To have unlimited access to our content including in-depth commentaries, book reviews, exclusive interviews, PS OnPoint and PS The Big Picture, please subscribe
Despite the uncertainty surrounding global trade, there are some bright spots – namely, booming trade in services. And here, ironically, the United States is leading the way, running a services trade surplus with most major economies and generating millions of good jobs for American workers.

Germany's prospective governing parties have now amended the country's constitutional ""debt brake"" in order to boost defense spending. But by limiting the amendment to military expenditure, they are squandering an opportunity to invest in the country's economic future.

Support Project Syndicate

Subscribe
Upgrade
Donate


Get our weekly newsletter









Make your inbox smarter.

            Select Newsletters
        











Please log in or register to continue. Registration is free.

Email
required



Password
required


Remember me?



                                    Please enter your email address and click on the reset-password button. If your email exists in our system, we'll send you an email with a link to reset your password. Please note that the link will expire twenty-four hours after the email is sent. If you can't find this email, please check your spam folder.
                                




Reset Password
Cancel


Email
required



            By proceeding, you are agreeing to our Terms and Conditions.
        




                                 
                            

                                 
                            
Sign in with

Facebook


 Google


Microsoft


Twitter


Your Institution



To receive email updates regarding this {entity_type}, please enter your email below.    






            If you are not already registered, this will create a PS account for you. You should receive an activation email shortly.
        "
66,2025-03-04,"People in the U.S. Northeast are getting bigger paychecks as economic growth in the region picks up, keeping the labor market tighter than in other parts of the country, according to the Bank of America Institute (BAC+1.91%).
The trend is pronounced in lower- and middle-paying industries, probably because employers are competing for a diminishing workforce, the researchers wrote in a report, citing credit and debit card data. Higher-income workers are returning as employers in New York City push return-to-office policies. 
The Northeast, which has lagged the South and West in GDP growth, may catch up with those regions, the team led by economist Joe Wadford wrote. “While the cost of living remains an obstacle, a strengthening labor market in New York, Massachusetts, Maine, and Vermont may provide a positive start.”
The Northeast was the only U.S. region to see economic growth accelerate for the first three quarters of 2024, even as it lagged the South and West by almost 7 percentage points of GDP increase since 2019, the economists wrote.
The wage gains in the Northeast are unusual, according to the BofA report. Gains are being led by middle-paid sectors like educational and health services and lower-paid spaces such as leisure and hospitality. High-paid industries like finance and tech, which usually lead increases, are underperforming.
Return-to-office policies may also be boosting average pay because the kind of workers who are coming back to New York City to work after having been remote tend to have higher incomes.
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
67,2025-03-04,US stock futures held steady as Wall Street braced for President Donald Trump’s broad tariffs on America’s top trading partners to take effect.
68,2025-03-04,"AMD's new RDNA 4 GPUs launch on March 6, and demand is expected to be high. Here's where you should shop to have the best chance of landing a new card.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Launch day has arrived! AMD's Radeon RX 9070 XT and RX 9070 are set to go on sale at 9 AM EST on March 6, and I'm keeping a close eye on US and UK retailers.
As of 8:22 AM, I'm still not seeing listings live on US retailers like Best Buy, Newegg, and Amazon, but they should be appearing shortly.
In the UK, Overclockers notably has RDNA 4 listings up, and Scan is full of pre-built PCs with the new Radeon GPUs. Standalone cards should be arriving in the next little while.
The two new mid-range RDNA 4 GPUs represent a significant upgrade over the previous RDNA 3 hardware, bringing increased raw power, improved ray tracing, new FSR 4 capabilities, and more.
AMD's Radeon RX 9070 XT is the more expensive card, with its $600 MSRP (about £570); the RX 9070 is set at $550 (about £520).
I'm expecting the new AMD GPUs to sell out despite promises of wide availability; that's why I've put together this guide to hopefully help you land the new hardware ASAP.
Here are the best retailers to check out during today's RX 9000 launch.
March 6, 2025, 8:22 AM EST: It's RX 9000 launch day, and I'm watching all major retailers for availability and pricing.  — Cale Hunt

Why you can trust Windows Central




Our expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. Find out more about how we test.


AMD's RDNA 4 review embargo was lifted on March 5, and the RX 9000 reviews are largely positive.
Those of you holding out for official performance numbers shouldn't be disappointed, especially with NVIDIA's RTX 5070 notably floundering with unimpressive results.
Here's a quick look at some of the notable reviews live now.

AMD seriously undercut NVIDIA's $750 RTX 5070 Ti with its $600 RX 9070 XT competitor, and the XT version should be the more popular card on launch day.
Both the NVIDIA RTX 5070 — which is expected to launch a day ahead of the new Radeon cards on March 5 — and AMD's RX 9070 have a $550 MSRP.
Whether or not third-party manufacturers stick to the MSRP set by AMD remains to be seen.
NVIDIA has notably suffered severe stock shortages with the three RTX 5000 GPUs it has so far launched, and the MSRP seems to have only been a light suggestion.
The RTX 5070 Ti, despite a $750 MSRP, is approaching $1,000 at major retailers before any scalping, and there's not actually any stock to sell.
AMD unveiled its RDNA 4 GPUs with promises of wide availability on March 6. Even if the MSRP isn't met by third-party manufacturers, you should expect to see cheaper prices from Team Red compared to Team Green.
Despite worries that AMD would bungle its RDNA 4 announcement, the information shared in the official RX 9000-series presentation bodes well for the Radeon division.
Most of us were waiting to see how AMD priced its cards, and the revelation that the RX 9070 XT comes in at $150 cheaper than the RTX 5070 Ti is great news.
While I'm waiting for third-party reviews to share their performance findings, the graphs AMD shared point to the RX 9070 XT's performance as being comparable to the RTX 5070 Ti.
Indeed, the standout news from AMD's presentation is that the RX 9070 XT only drops about 2% in raw performance at a 4K resolution.
AMD, of course, cherry-picked the games it used to test the two GPUs, but with a mix of popular and demanding games on the chart, it's easy to see the improvements that AMD has made to its RDNA 4 architecture.

The graph above also shows that AMD continues to lag behind in ray tracing performance, but that's not much of a surprise.
NVIDIA has long been the go-to hardware for RT enthusiasts, and that section of the market should probably stick with Team Green.
However, for someone like me who doesn't care as much about ray tracing performance, the RX 9070 XT is looking quite attractive, and I'll be on the frontlines attempting to land a new GPU at the March 6 launch.

There's also the matter of AMD's new FidelityFX Super Resolution 4 (FSR 4) providing a much more significant performance boost compared to FSR 3.
AMD made the switch to machine learning for FSR 4, and the graph above demonstrates the performance gains available with the new upscaling technique.
Not only can FSR 4 quadruple frame rates in some games compared to the last-gen RX 7900 GRE, but it's also now much better at providing small but high-quality details, a weakness with FSR 3.
By all means, the Radeon RX 9070 XT and RX 9070 should be the right choice for plenty of gamers who'd rather avoid the issues NVIDIA's had, including melting power cables, faulty drivers, missing ROPs, and more.
All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
Cale Hunt brings to Windows Central more than eight years of experience writing about laptops, PCs, accessories, games, and beyond. If it runs Windows or in some way complements the hardware, there’s a good chance he knows about it, has written about it, or is already busy testing it. 

Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
69,2025-03-04,"by Calculated Risk on 3/03/2025 07:41:00 PM

 From Matthew Graham at Mortgage News Daily: Mortgage Rates Roughly Unchanged Over The WeekendMortgage rates faced a very small threat of a very small increase this morning. The underlying bond market was in weaker territory to start the day and that typically means mortgage lenders raise rates.  Indeed, many lenders were slightly higher at first.

But just as the first lenders were publishing rates for the day, the ISM Manufacturing Index (an important economic report that often causes a reaction in bonds) was released. The results were good for bonds, thus allowing mortgage lenders to set rates in line with Friday's latest levels, on average.... [30 year fixed 6.74%]
emphasis added
Tuesday:
• No major economic releases scheduled.
"
70,2025-03-04,"Apple just launched a new M3 iPad Air, upgraded Magic Keyboard, and A16 iPad. But per Mark Gurman, another product launch is coming tomorrow: the long-awaited M4 MacBook Air.



 more…"
71,2025-03-04,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
72,2025-03-04,"








Armed conflicts and attacks

Law and crime

Armed conflicts and attacks

Disasters and accidents

International relations

Law and crime

Politics and elections
"
73,2025-03-04,"
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Why ‘Trump tariffs’ can become a supply chain nightmare
A 10-person company to handle INR3,000 crore contract? Hyundai’s RPTs raise eyebrows.
Can IndusInd Bank be the same again?
Is capping cinema ticket prices justified?
Why Donald Trump may turn out to be good for Indian aviation
Stock Radar: Flying high! Why could InterGlobe Aviation top Rs 5,000 levels in the next 1-2 months?
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Definitions
Top Commodities
Top Prime Articles
Top Slideshow
Top Story Listing
Top Market Pages
Private Companies
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 35% off on ETPrime






90 Days Prime access worth Rs999 unlocked for you
Stories you might be interested in"
74,2025-03-04,"By 


      Brittney Melton
    

Good morning. You're reading the Up First newsletter. Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox, and listen to the Up First podcast for all the news you need to start your day.
Trump will deliver a significant speech to a joint session of Congress tonight — the first of this kind during his second term. The address carries the same ceremonial importance as the State of the Union. It is one of the president's most prominent moments of the year and usually attracts a big prime-time TV audience. It comes as Trump challenges long-standing norms of American government and diplomacy. Here's everything you need to know about the event.

                President Trump during his last State of the Union address on Feb. 4, 2020. Trump will return to Capitol Hill on Tuesday to deliver an address to a joint session of Congress.
                
                    
                    Mark Wilson/Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

The U.S. tariffs on Canada and Mexico took effect at midnight. Tariffs on Chinese imports were also doubled to 20%. The White House says the tariffs are to stop the flow of fentanyl into the U.S. from these three countries. This morning, Beijing announced retaliatory tariffs of up to 15% on several U.S. products, including wheat, corn, cotton and chicken. The stock markets took an early hit yesterday in reaction to the news. 
The White House says it will pause military aid to Ukraine just days after President Trump and Vice President Vance had a tense meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Oval Office. A White House official informed NPR that the administration wants to review the aid to see if it is contributing to peace. 

                Jeanie Buss attends Netflix's ""Running Point"" LA Premiere at The Egyptian Theatre Hollywood on February 13, 2025 in Los Angeles, California.
                
                    
                    Charley Gallay/Getty Images for Netflix/Getty Images North America
                    
                
hide caption

Running Point, a Netflix comedy starring Kate Hudson as a woman fighting off a coup from her brothers while she tries to run her family's basketball team, premiered last week. The show parodies the life of Jeanie Buss, president of the Los Angeles Lakers. Her dad, Jerry, owned the team until he died in 2013 and she took on the role. After she fired her brother Jim in 2017, he teamed up with their other brother to attempt a coup to remove her from her job. I watched the entire show, which was riddled with comedy and life lessons, in one sitting. Jeanie spoke with Morning Edition about her journey with the Lakers.

                Thornetta Davis, 61, also known as ""Detroit's Queen of Blues"" performed as Bessie Smith for ""Sky Covington's Satin Doll Revue"" produced by jazz vocalist and Preservation of Jazz founder Sky Covington celebrating iconic sounds of jazz at Aretha's Jazz Cafe in Detroit, Mich. on Feb. 24, 2025.

""I've had people tell me I've lifted their spirits when they weren't feeling right,"" Davis said. ""That's what I'm here to do and pass on the legacy, too.""
                
                    
                    Sylvia Jarrus/for NPR
                    
                
hide caption

To conclude Black History Month, Aretha's Jazz Café in Detroit's Music Hall Center for the Performing Arts paid tribute to female jazz and blues legends Billie Holiday, Phyllis Hyman, Nancy Wilson, and Bessie Smith. The event transported attendees to a different era with feathered headpieces, strings of pearls, custom wigs, satin dresses and stunning vocal performances. The show also included a tribute to the history and impact of jazz through stories of grief, love, heartbreak and loss. Get an inside look at the event with these photos.

                Richard Cotter, seen here, a few weeks after being diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
                
                    
                    Paul Cotter
                    
                
hide caption

This newsletter was edited by Suzanne Nuyen.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
75,2025-03-04,"At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life."
76,2025-03-04,"“Tariffs are inflationary and can undermine revenue and earnings,” Wells Fargo Investment Institute strategist says."
77,2025-03-04,Investors weighed Canada and China's response to President Donald Trump's delivery of new tariffs
78,2025-03-04,
79,2025-03-04,"Tom Hardy plays a fixer who learns never to cross the family in the official trailer for MobLand, an upcoming crime series for Paramount+.
Pierce Brosnan stars as Conrad Harrigan, the patriarch of a powerful crime family in London. “When someone forgets their place, I’ve got a man for that,” Conrad says before the trailer cuts to Hardy’s Harry Da Souza, the Harrigan family’s fixer. Conrad then calls his wife Maeve (Helen Mirren) the most “dangerous” family member.
The Harrigans are caught in a war with their rivals, the Stevenson family. Stuck in the middle is Harry, whose loyalties are tested in the middle of the turf war. “Power is a hungry thing, and there’s always a rat b—ard looking to take what’s mine,” Conrad says before the dirty work begins.
MobLand’s all-star cast includes Paddy Considine, Joanne Froggatt, Lara Pulver, Anson Boon, Mandeep Dhillon, Jasmine Jobson, Geoff Bell, Daniel Betts, Lisa Dwan, and Emily Barber.
MobLand was initially developed as The Donovans, a Ray Donovan spin-off series exploring the London origins of the titular family. However, the Ray Donovan connection was dropped and reworked into a standalone crime series.
Guy Ritchie is attached as an executive producer on MobLand. Ritchie is famous for his crime capers, including Snatch, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, and The Gentlemen. Ritchie adapted The Gentlemen as a television series for Netflix, which premiered in March 2024. Netflix has renewed The Gentlemen for a second season.
Ronan Bennett is one of the executive producers and creatives behind MobLand. Bennett’s The Day of the Jackal recently wrapped its first season and became the most-watched drama series in Peacock’s history. The streamer renewed The Day of the Jackal for season 2.
MobLand premieres on Sunday, March 30, on Paramount+.
For humanity to survive, they must team with robots to fight the real enemy in the trailer for The Electric State.
Millie Bobby Brown stars as Michelle, a young teenager who embarks on a journey across a retrofuturistic United States to find her missing brother (Woody Norman). Joining Michelle on this journey is her yellow robot, Cosmo (Alan Tudyk), and a drifter named Keats (Chris Pratt). After a failed uprising, robots were banished to the barren 200-square-mile area called the ""Electric State."" Michelle realizes her answers might be found in this banned area and that robots hold the key to her brother's location.
The Electric State's ensemble includes Ke Huy Quan as Dr. Amherst, Stanley Tucci as Ethan Skate, Jason Alexander as Ted Finnster, Giancarlo Esposito as Colonel Bradbury, Anthony Mackie as Herman, Woody Harrelson as Mr. Peanut, Brian Cox as Pop Fly, Jenny Slate as Penny Pal, and Hank Azaria as Perplexo.
The Russo Brothers directed The Electric State from a screenplay by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely. The Electric State is based on Simon Stålenhag's sci-fi novel of the same name. The Russos have not directed a feature film since 2022's The Gray Man, the action thriller starring Ryan Gosling and Chris Evans. The Gray Man is currently the seventh most popular movie on Netflix.
The Rebellion is coming together in the Andor season 2 trailer.
""We're in a war,"" Diego Luna's Cassian Andor says in the trailer. ""You wanna fight, or you wanna win?"" Season 2 of Disney+'s most critically acclaimed series will explore Cassian's continued path toward the Rebel Alliance. This season begins four years leading up to the events of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, when Cassian teams with Jyn Erso (Felicity Jones) to steal the plans for the Death Star.
Danny and Michael Philippou stunned audiences in 2022 with their innovative horror Talk to Me. Now, the brotherly duo is back with their new A24 project Bring Her Back.
The studio released the ominous teaser trailer on Wednesday. The haunting footage is full of ominous stares, deadly suspense, and a disturbing prayer circle featuring a naked man and a young girl. Set to an eerie musical number, the following phrases flash on the screen: ""Let me out. Let me die. Let her die. Bring her back.""
The brief logline states that a brother and sister uncover a terrifying ritual at the secluded home of their new foster mother.
Bring Her Back stars Sally Hawkins, Billy Barratt, Sora Wong, and Jonah Wren Phillips.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks."
80,2025-03-04,"Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may get a commission. Reviews ethics statement

    Maximize your interest earnings with APYs as high as 4.65%.
  
If you're searching for a safe place to stash your cash, don't overlook certificates of deposit. Unlike savings accounts, whose rates can change anytime, CDs offer a fixed rate that's set when you open the account. And with rates holding steady for now, it's a great time to open a CD.
""I expect rates to remain flat or trend lower, following the path of broader interest rates, in the coming weeks,"" said Noah Damsky, CFA, Principal of Marina Wealth Advisors. ""If you're waiting for higher CD rates before you invest, you might not get it. If I were in the market for a CD now, I'd invest right now because rates might be lower tomorrow.""
You can earn up to 4.65% annual percentage yield (APY) with today's best CDs. Here are some of the highest CD rates available now and how much you could earn by depositing different amounts.
Experts recommend comparing rates before opening a CD account to get the best APY possible. Enter your information below to get CNET's partners' best rate for your area.
CDs offer a number of benefits, including:
CDs have plenty of perks, but they're not always the best option. ""It really depends on your goals,"" said Taylor Kovar, certified financial planner and CEO of 11 Financial.
To determine if a CD is the right choice for your money, ask yourself the following questions:
💰You can earn up to 5% APY on today's best high-yield savings accounts. Check out top savings rates now.
CNET reviews CD rates based on the latest APY information from issuer websites. We evaluated CD rates from more than 50 banks, credit unions and financial companies. We evaluate CDs based on APYs, product offerings, accessibility and customer service.
The current banks included in CNET's weekly CD averages include Alliant Credit Union, Ally Bank, American Express National Bank, Barclays, Bask Bank, Bread Savings, Capital One, CFG Bank, CIT, Fulbright, Marcus by Goldman Sachs, MYSB Direct, Quontic, Rising Bank, Synchrony, EverBank, Popular Bank, First Internet Bank of Indiana, America First Federal Credit Union, CommunityWide Federal Credit Union, Discover, Bethpage, BMO Alto, Limelight Bank, First National Bank of America and Connexus Credit Union.
*APYs as of March 4, 2025, based on the banks we track at CNET. Earnings are based on APYs and assume interest is compounded annually."
81,2025-03-04,"U.S. stocks fell on Tuesday as President Donald Trump’s newly imposed 25% tariffs on goods from Canada, Mexico, and China prompted retaliatory measures from some of the affected countries.
China imposed additional duties of up to 15% on certain U.S. products. Ottawa retaliated with 25% tariffs on $30 billion worth of U.S. goods starting Tuesday, rising to cover $125 billion of merchandise in 21 days. Canada’s provinces are taking their own actions, and irate citizens are boycotting U.S. products.
As the day ended in New York, the Nasdaq Composite dipped by 0.3%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average shed 670 points or 1.5%. The S&P 500, which had its worst day of the year on Monday, dropped 1.2%.
Here are stocks to watch on Tuesday.
Best Buy (BBY+1.11%) stock dropped after the electronics retailer reported fourth-quarter results that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations. However, CEO Corie Barry indicated that prices for U.S. consumers are likely to increase due to President Donald Trump’s tariffs. 
Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG+2.64%) shares declined due to concerns about the restaurant chain’s dependence on avocados, with 50% of its supply coming from Mexico. As tariffs on imports from Mexico take effect, investors are worried about the potential impact on the company. The company has said its diverse supply chain could help it withstand tariffs.
Nvidia (NVDA+2.83% stock fell  as concerns mounted over AI-related spending and the impact of new tariffs. The chip manufacturer seems to be cautious about limitations on the export of AI chips. Nvidia stock plunged Monday after Singapore said it’s investigating whether servers shipped to Malaysia containing chips barred from China ended up in the mainland.
Super Micro Computer (SMCI+5.88%, a key player in AI hardware, also declined in the morning, mirroring Nvidia’s slump. Investors are uncertain about how Trump’s tariffs could shape the future of the AI industry. However, the stock recovered in the afternoon by gaining 10%. 
Shares of Target (TGT+0.54%) were down as it beat Wall Street’s earnings expectations. For the fourth quarter, the company reported revenue of $30.92 billion, about $2.41 earnings per share. But Target said it expects a “meaningful” decline in first-quarter profits compared to the same period last year. The cautious outlook stems from “ongoing consumer uncertainty,” weaker sales in February, and mounting concerns over the impact of tariffs. President Donald Trump’s new tariffs on imported goods from Canada, Mexico, and China — which together accounted for almost 42% of total imports in 2024 — went into effect early Tuesday.
Tesla (TSLA+5.27% stock declined due to rising fears about tariffs among investors. It is likely that the new tariff will raise car prices.
Moreover, a day after Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas designated Tesla stock as a “Top Pick” in the U.S. automotive sector and raised the price target, Bank of America reduced its price target for the stock from $490 to $380 while maintaining a Neutral rating.
Our free, fast, and fun briefing on the global economy, delivered every weekday morning.
"
82,2025-03-04,"
    We gave up a 2.75% mortgage rate on our former property, but we have no regrets.
  
My husband and I had put off buying our ""forever home"" for some time, holding onto our smallish condo with the rock-bottom 2.75% mortgage rate we scored during the pandemic. Over the last few years, we've watched supply remain stagnant while property values continue their steady upward march. 
You've probably noticed that home prices rise over time. Sometimes the cost of housing skyrockets during economic booms or dips during downturns, but generally, home prices go up a few percentage points a year. 
So when we found a single-family house exactly where we wanted to be in Massachusetts, we knew we had to jump on it. 
I won't lie. We love our new home, but we're dealing with sticker shock. Even though we can probably refinance in the future, it was painful to give up our relatively cheap monthly payments just to get ahead of the competition.
Our situation isn't unique. Tons of homebuyers are locked out of a challenging housing market due to tighter inventory, high prices and costly interest rates. Some of us feel the only way to adapt is to lock in a manageable housing payment before things get even more financially difficult. Here's why we took the plunge. 
Read more: This Real Estate Expert Says Home Prices Are Never Going Down
My family lives in a historic coastal town just north of Boston, known for its charm and stability. Because it's relatively affordable compared to Boston, it's also highly desirable among prospective homebuyers.
The increased competition for a smaller supply of available homes has pushed up costs. Listing prices increased by about 50% between 2020 and 2024, according to Redfin data, with homes receiving multiple offers and selling within a few weeks.
""It's one of the more sought-after communities where we've seen the market take off and flourish,"" said Bob Driscoll, director of residential lending at Rockland Trust.
This scenario is playing out across the US in multiple markets, where homeowners are staying put and refusing to give up their 3% rates. So even if you're lucky enough to find a home for sale, get preapproved and feel comfortable with the mortgage rate, ""you still have to deal with the extraordinary competition,"" Driscoll said.
When we started property shopping, I closely studied the local market. I knew prices were dropping a bit because sellers were overpricing their homes. We kept an eye on single-family houses in the area and noticed one beautiful property with a notable price drop.
The value of the condo we bought in 2020 was strong. After doing the calculations, we knew we could sell it and have enough to put 20% down on the house and cover the closing costs. This strategy allowed us to buy our dream house with a realistic mortgage payment.
Saying goodbye to our 2.75% interest rate was a hard pill to swallow, especially because those low rates are likely never to return. Homebuyers must accept that reality.
After using several popular methods to lower our rate, we ended up with 6.49% this time around. One of those methods was a temporary 2-1 buydown, meaning our payments are based on a lower rate for the first two years of the loan. We paid for the buydown using the proceeds from our condo sale.
This strategy doesn't save us money, but it provides a forced savings account and a two-year ramp-up period during which we adjust to a higher mortgage payment. Our lender is offering a no-cost refinance that we can use whenever rates drop.
If I could redo our transaction, I would probably buy discount points for a permanent buydown instead of a temporary buydown. That's because mortgage rates aren't dropping as experts predicted they would.
""I would say rates will stabilize and sit somewhere in the 6% range in 2025,"" Driscoll said. ""We are not predicting any sort of massive rate drop.""
Before making an offer on our new home, I did some research to calculate how our expenses and budget would change. The information helped me determine whether we could actually afford to live in our new house. (We could!)
Here are a few line items I planned for.
After the offer was accepted, we ordered a home inspection, which also helped us budget for future maintenance costs.
It's challenging to buy a home right now. Prices are high, and so are mortgage rates. But it's still worth evaluating if it's the right decision for you.
Certain steps can assist you through the process. Getting a preapproval, for instance, can help you create a housing budget. This step also strengthens your position in a competitive market because the seller knows you already have a lender onboard.
Consider what you feel comfortable paying each month, and try not to focus too much on the mortgage rate.
""If you love the home, you can afford it and you qualify for it, deal with the rate,"" Driscoll said. ""You have control of that as time progresses."""
83,2025-03-04,The Oilers have acquired forward Trent Frederic from the Bruins.
84,2025-03-04,"Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may get a commission. Reviews ethics statement

    Who killed President Bradford? It's not who you think.
  
Sterling K. Brown and Aliyah Mastin have a heartfelt moment as Xavier Collins and daughter Presley in the season 1 finale of Paradise on Hulu.
Paradise is one of those Hulu shows that keeps you guessing to the very end. The riveting first season of Dan Fogelberg's political thriller answered many lingering questions, including the central mystery that has carried the show since the pilot episode: Who killed President Cal Bradford (James Marsden)?
Like a complicated onion, the show offered a new intriguing layer each week, revealing a bigger conspiracy surrounding this underground city that was buried (literally) underneath the surface. 
Agent Xavier Collins (Sterling K. Brown) worked tirelessly to crack the case, but as with any good mystery, there were McGuffins and red herrings aplenty. Yet, as the final moments played out and the end credits rolled, audiences got what they wanted: answers to the show's most pressing questions and a hint at where things would go in the second season.
Major spoilers are ahead for the entire first season of Hulu's original series Paradise. If you're not caught up, tread lightly. 
Read more: Hulu Review: Strong Library of Network TV and Exciting Originals at a Competitive Price
Ian Merrigan plays Trent the librarian in Paradise on Hulu.
It was Trent the librarian. Who, you may be asking? Let me back up a bit, here.
As we saw in the moments leading up to the finale episode, The Man Who Kept the Secrets, Bradford's behavior had become erratic in his final days. He had learned that Sinatra (Julianne Nicholson) was making sinister power moves behind his back that resulted in the deaths of innocent people and a bombshell cover-up regarding the discovery that there are survivors out in the world beyond the parameters of Paradise. 
Episode 7 clearly explains the extinction-level event that decimated the global population. It came in the form of a God-sized tsunami, kicked off by the explosion of an underground volcano, and it seemed that no one was safe. This is why Sinatra built this secret city inside a Colorado mountain.
The opening act of the finale dialed the calendar back 12 years to Paradise's building period and followed a group of men working to blow up the internal components of the mountain to make room for the dome city to be built. Our central character in this backstory is that of the crew's project manager, who forged a loving bond with a West African worker named Adam. When the manager discovered toxic material in the construction site, he was fired -- and warned about a pending catastrophe -- which led him obsessively down a conspiracy theory-fueled path.
His mission was to inform the general public about what was being done in that mysterious mountain, but no one would listen. So, he decided to make a scene and kill President Bradford. But his first attempt, which transpired at an outdoor press conference, was foiled by Xavier; he took a bullet to the chest in the process, and the heartbroken attacker went to prison.
All hell broke loose once the tsunami struck, leading to a prison break. After disguising himself as an officer, he murdered a couple who had approval to get into Paradise and then took on the man's identity: Trent, the librarian. 
He blamed the president for everything, but specifically for the death of his crew. Buried beneath Paradise is a graveyard that no one will ever know about. However, once inside the town, he grew complacent and comfortable.
When President Bradford decided to visit the library to begin making mix-tapes, he awakened the rage in Trent, which led to Cal's murder. Heck, if he never went to make those mixtapes, he'd probably still be alive.
James Marsden's Cal Bradford makes mix tapes in the library in the Hulu original series Paradise.
Cal Bradford loved '90s rock music, much to the chagrin of his son and those close to him. In his final weeks, he was consistently drunk, blasting his favorite tunes and being weirder than usual. 
While it was clear that President Bradford was a glorified puppet who loved his liquor, this amped-up behavior was partially for show. Truthfully, he discovered some government secrets -- kept even from him -- that indicated the outside world wasn't at all the previously conceived unlivable hellscape. He began leaving breadcrumbs in case something ended up happening to him. And it did, but not at the hands of who we thought.
Sinatra was the shot-caller behind a bunch of violent actions -- she even had Agent Billy Pace murder survivors with the sole intention of keeping Paradise's citizens safe (before having his innocent-seeming girlfriend Jane kill him). This was one power move after another to maintain control of the people. 
Cal hid all the government secrets he learned in Peter Lawford's memoir The Man Who Kept the Secrets in the town library. Thanks to the Dewey Decimal System, the number he wrote in the cigarette Xavier found at the murder site was the book's location.
Whether it was the natural disaster or the nuclear war that it sparked, Xavier had to wrestle with the heartbreaking truth that he would never see his wife again. 
Throughout the show, Xavier's dedication to Terri's memory was front and center. Even as a romance blossomed between him and Dr. Tarabi (Sarah Shahi), he remained loyal to his wife -- or at least, to the idea of her. After leading the operation to take down Sinatra and expose the government's lies to the citizens (and after cornering the woman and aiming a gun at her head), he was delivered the bombshell news that his wife may still be alive and among a group of survivors in the outside world.
That, and she had his daughter Presley held captive by Jane, her loyal unhinged murderer. 
In the end, after discovering the librarian did it and recovering the Book of Secrets, he confronted Sinatra. Jane led her to believe she killed the girl, but Presley was alive and unharmed. Sinatra, on the other hand, got a bullet to the sternum because, as Jane whispered to her, she was no use to her dead.
Sterling K. Brown's Xavier Collins charters a plane out of Paradise in the season 1 finale on Hulu.
The president's lead agent decided to venture out into the unknown with the prospect that Xavier's wife, among others, were alive outside the mountain. Early in the series, he revealed that he wasn't a successful pilot like his father. But that didn't stop him from bidding his children farewell and flying out of town.
Yes, he's heading to Atlanta to find his wife. But from the sound of things, Xavier Collins is going out into the ravaged world to take stock of things. Are conditions livable? Is there a government entity topside? How many people survived the catastrophe? He will be the eyes and ears for those back in Paradise and, potentially, will guide the way back to a normal life (within reason, I suppose) for humanity. 
Needless to say, Season 2 of Paradise has its work cut out for it. "
85,2025-03-04,"The news moves fast, but understanding takes time. At Vox, we don’t chase every headline. We focus on what really matters. We break down the biggest stories — and the ones others overlook — so you can make sense of the world, not just react to it.
We rely on readers like you to fund our journalism. Will you support our work and become a Vox Member today?
What’s Trump’s endgame? And how bad will the economic fallout be?
by  Andrew Prokop
Donald Trump’s long-threatened trade war has finally begun.
The Trump administration slapped big new tariffs on Canada, Mexico, and China on Tuesday, spurring retaliation from other countries, a market sell-off, and new fears about the future of the US economy.
Finally making good on a months-old threat, just after midnight Trump set 25 percent tariffs on Canadian and Mexican imports, and 10 percent tariffs on Canadian energy imports — targeting two of the US’s biggest trading partners. Trump also increased the tariff he imposed on Chinese imports last month from 10 percent to 20 percent.
Canada quickly hit back by imposing 25 percent tariffs on certain goods they import from the US, threatening more within weeks if Trump didn’t reverse course. China announced its own retaliatory measures against certain American agricultural exports and tech companies, while Mexican officials promised to respond in the coming days.
There’s likely more to come — Trump said last week that new tariffs on the European Union would also be ready soon.
In the short term, Americans will likely see higher prices on many products or goods that are imported or are made with imported components, from cars to electronics to agricultural products to gasoline (the US imports Canadian crude oil). Meanwhile, American companies that export their products to these countries, such as the agriculture industry, will take a hit from retaliatory tariffs.
But where this all is headed in the longer term is far from clear, and will depend on two major questions. 
First: what exactly is Trump’s preferred endgame for his trade war? And second: How bad will the economic fallout at home be?
Trump repeatedly said during his presidential campaign that he planned to impose gargantuan tariffs on foreign imports and spoke of the policy in glowing terms. Contrary to traditional economic wisdom, he insisted, his tariffs would have no downsides: They’d boost domestic industry, bring jobs back to the US, and raise substantial revenue (to let him cut taxes more). “Tariff,” he’s said, is the “most beautiful word in the dictionary.”
Economists and financiers generally view this as utter folly, pointing out that tariffs will make imports (and US-made products using imported components, like cars) more expensive for American consumers, while spurring retaliation from targeted countries that will hurt American exporters, slowing economic activity more broadly and risking a market panic and recession. Trump has been unmoved by these arguments.
Yet while it’s clear that Trump loves tariffs, it’s less clear what, exactly, he thinks he’s trying to achieve with them.
At times, Trump has seemed to view tariff threats mainly as a negotiating tactic, to win policy concessions in deals with other countries. This is what investors have generally hoped — that the tariffs are short-term posturing, and that Trump will ultimately declare victory and move on, signing “big beautiful deals” that he can brag about while returning to something like business as usual.
But Trump and certain advisers have also sometimes spoken of his ambitions in grander terms. For instance, Trump has suggested that vast sums of new tariff revenue could allow him to abolish the income tax, which would imply he wants huge new tariffs to be very permanent indeed.
At times, his sympathies seem to lean in the direction of “autarky” — the idea that the US should be fully independent of the global trading system, reliant only on what they can make at home. “We shouldn’t have supply chains. We should have them all in the United States. We have the companies to do it,” he said in 2020.
The US is so interconnected in the global trading system that this would be an unfathomable change entailing a massive collapse in living standards, so few people take Trump literally on this. But if he genuinely wants to push the economy at least a lot further in this direction, we could be in for a whole lot more chaos to come.
The other big question hanging over Trump’s decision-making is just how bad the economic pain from all this gets at home.
Investors and establishment Republicans have long hoped that Trump wasn’t serious about his trade war. They’ve also suggested that, if he did go forward with it, a bad market reaction could hopefully convince him to seek a face-saving exit.
Already, there are various concerning economic signs. Stocks have fallen. Consumer confidence is falling, in part because of all the uncertainty from Trump’s chaotic behavior. Major retailers are saying they’ll hike prices because of the tariffs. A model from the Atlanta Fed forecast a surprisingly large decline in GDP growth in the first quarter (though that forecast is currently an outlier). Agriculture state Republicans are concerned their home state industries will be hit. 
These signs are certainly ominous, but it’s important to keep them in perspective: We have not yet reached the point of a recession or an outright economic crisis.
As of midday Tuesday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average had only fallen to where it was in mid-January, and the NASDAQ to where it was in November (with its greater fall driven in part by concern over whether AI stocks are overvalued).
Tariffs, and the accompanying uncertainty, haven’t been greeted warmly by investors, but there’s a lot more to the economy than tariff levels. And we simply don’t yet know if Trumponomics will actually be damaging enough to push the economy into recession.
What is very clear, though, is that the prices of many things American consumers buy regularly will go up. Considering how President Joe Biden’s popularity was battered by inflation, one would think Trump would be concerned about this.
But since the election, Trump has repeatedly said he doesn’t agree that he won mainly because of inflation. (Voter anger over immigration was more important, he says.) Conveniently, this lets Trump justify pursuing a tariff policy that will raise prices. And we will soon see what the American public thinks about that.
Understand the world with a daily explainer plus the most compelling stories of the day, compiled by news editor Sean Collins.
The president removed all democrats from the Federal Trade Commission’s board.
Remember when elites cared about the rest of the world?﻿
How the shuttering of a small US-funded news outlet explains Trump’s governing philosophy.
﻿The MAGA movement loves Israel — but is increasingly hostile to Jews.
Trump appears intent on remaking the executive branch as he sees fit. The news is changing rapidly. Follow here for the latest updates, analysis, and explainers.
FCC v. Consumers’ Research could turn SCOTUS into DOGE on steroids.
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved"
86,2025-03-04,"A waterfront Baltimore property that once belonged to Kevin Spacey is on the market for $6 million dollars, after the actor was evicted for falling behind on his mortgage.
Spacey bought the property for $5.6 million in 2017, while he was filming the Netflix (NFLX) political thriller “House of Cards” in the Charm City. Later that same year, actor Anthony Rapp alleged that Spacey sexually assaulted him as a minor – becoming the first of more than a dozen men to accuse him of sexual misconduct.
“In Baltimore’s most sought-after gated enclave in Harborview, a residence of unprecedented luxury has emerged,” the real estate listing reads. “This one-of-a-kind property commands the city’s waterfront, offering privacy, prestige, and uninterrupted panoramic views, with the historic Domino Sugar sign serving as a centerpiece in the Baltimore skyline.”
Spacey lived in the 9,000 square foot home for seven years, even after his career waned in the face of mounting legal troubles. The actor originally purchased the home through an LLC, to conceal his identity, but he had to reveal his address during a 2022 court case to establish that he primarily resided in Maryland. That same year, a debt collection agency began foreclosure proceedings and Spacey’s homeowners’ association filed a lien against the property, according to the Baltimore Banner.
The property sold at a foreclosure auction last summer for $3.2 million to Baltimore real estate investor Sam Asgari, of Simo Homes LLC. Paul R. Cooper of Alex Cooper Auctioneers, which handled the foreclosure auction, told Mansion Global that Asgari was “not adverse to participating in foreclosure auctions.”
In October, Spacey’s attorneys asked a Baltimore Circuit Court judge to disqualify the sale, on the grounds that there was not sufficient notice for the auction. Spacey’s team argued that with more time, the house wouldn’t have sold at such a significant loss.
Asgari initially offered Spacey $50,000 to move out by mid-September, while Spacey asked to stay in the property until February. The parties settled their dispute in early November.
Asgari is marketing Spacey’s former home as “the Icon of Baltimore.” The five-level property has six bedrooms, seven full bathrooms, three half-baths, and a four-car garage. Additional amenities include a private elevator, a sauna, a home theater, and a rooftop terrace.
Click through to see inside the disgraced actor’s former home."
87,2025-03-04,"03/04 — 2025


by   abduzeedo
   
Discover the vibrant branding and packaging design of Onezero protein sparkling water, a refreshing drink for health-conscious individuals.
In the realm of health and wellness, protein-infused products have taken center stage. Onezero, a protein sparkling water brand, has not only captured the attention of health-conscious consumers but also design enthusiasts with its vibrant and refreshing branding and packaging design.  
Crafted by the talented Erika Luisetto, Onezero's branding and packaging design is a visual treat. The bold and playful typography, combined with a vibrant color palette, instantly grabs attention and conveys the brand's energetic personality. Each can is a burst of color, reflecting the refreshing fruit flavors within. The design elements are strategically placed to highlight key product features, such as the 20g protein content and low-calorie count.  
Onezero's branding and packaging design goes beyond aesthetics. It effectively communicates the brand's values and target audience. The design is modern, clean, and minimalist, appealing to health-conscious individuals who appreciate quality and simplicity. The use of bright colors and bold typography also creates a sense of excitement and energy, reflecting the active lifestyle of the target consumer.  
In a crowded market, Onezero's branding and packaging design successfully differentiates it from the competition. The unique combination of bold typography, vibrant colors, and strategic placement of product information creates a memorable brand identity. The design is not only visually appealing but also informative, clearly communicating the product's benefits and key features.  
Onezero's branding and packaging design is a testament to the power of good design in creating a successful brand. By effectively communicating the brand's values, target audience, and product benefits, the design has helped Onezero capture the attention of consumers and establish a strong presence in the market.  
Onezero's branding and packaging design is a refreshing take on the health and wellness industry. It is a perfect example of how good design can not only enhance a product's visual appeal but also effectively communicate its values and benefits to the target audience.  
For more information make sure to check out Erika Luisetto (https://www.behance.net/eluisetto2d4a) 

Send your project to be featured on the blog. Follow the instruction on the template and good luck. Ah, make sure you add the images and credits that are due.
Submit content"
88,2025-03-04,"Business Insider Edition 
Shopify froze funding to its employee resource groups at the end of 2023, two people familiar with the matter said.

        Shopify has eight ERGs, each serving different underrepresented communities, including Black, Latino, and LGBTQ+ employees. The groups provide support to employees, while raising awareness around the additional obstacles entrepreneurs in these communities might face.
    

        The ERGs also sometimes planned events for Shopify's merchant community and paid for speakers to come and share their stories with employees.
    

        ""They were spaces for employees to be their true selves,"" one person told Business Insider.
    

        But two people said that funding for the groups became increasingly limited over time, until they could no longer pursue initiatives that would require additional monetary support from the company. As of partway through 2024, funding for ERG events had not resumed.
    

        Representatives for Shopify did not respond to requests for comment on the status of ERG funding.
    

        Shopify has been stepping back from other diversity- and inclusion-focused initiatives. In January, the company laid off employees working on its Build Black and Build Native programs. Those provided resources, networking events, and financing opportunities for Black and Indigenous merchants using Shopify. It also shut down Slack channels it hosted for merchants participating in those programs, BetaKit reported.
    

        The team responsible for these programs — also known as the equitable commerce team — had built an online directory highlighting Shopify stores run by Black and Indigenous entrepreneurs. The directory, called emPowered by Shopify, is no longer online.
    

        Shopify also partnered with Operation Hope to launch a project called One Million Black Businesses, with the goal of creating 1 million new Black-owned businesses in the US and Canada by 2030. Shopify pledged $130 million to the initiative. Lance Triggs, who chairs 1MBB at Operation Hope, told BetaKit that the Shopify partnership was ongoing, though the Shopify page that previously provided information about it now redirects to the e-commerce platform's homepage.Shopify's president, Harley Finkelstein, sits on the board of Operation Hope.
    

        Shopify's moves have been opposed by some in the Canadian tech industry. Last week, a group of Canadian tech founders published an open letter criticizing Shopify and other companies, saying they were ""rolling back protections and support for women, 2SLGBTQIA+ people, Black and Indigenous communities, immigrants, and other marginalized groups.""
    

        ""Powerful forces in our tech sector want to reshape Canada in the image of those who see inclusion as an obstacle, not an advantage. They lobby politicians, control media platforms, and influence policies that move us closer to the divisive politics of our southern neighbour,"" the open letter says.
    

        It adds: ""Thousands of us — entrepreneurs, marketers, engineers, and support staff— have built Canada into the global tech leader it is today. We did this not by shutting people out, but by welcoming talent from every background. We must protect the Canadian values of equity, inclusion, and collective responsibility in our tech ecosystem.""
    

        The open letter also criticized ""Canada's most valuable public tech company"" — Shopify has a market capitalization of more than $140 billion — for hosting Kanye West's Yeezy store while it sold a single item: a T-shirt with a swastika on it. Shopify removed the storefront about 36 hours after it was posted because it ""did not engage in authentic commerce practices,"" a spokesperson told BI last month.
    

        Laura Gabor, one of the authors of the open letter, said she and her coauthors wanted to emphasize that Canadian tech circles value diversity. Gabor is a cofounder of the connected-air-purifier brand Ecologicca, and she created the Canadian tech community What in the Tech, the site where the letter was published.
    

        ""There has been a lot of conversation in group chats and underground about how do we stop these seemingly anti-DEI policies,"" Gabor told BI. ""But there has been very little said out loud or publicly.""
    

        She said the letter had nearly 1,000 signatures, including those of a former Shopify employee and a person describing themselves as a Shopify customer.
    

        Though they did not sign the open letter, several former Shopify executives — including Craig Miller, its former chief product officer, and Katie Keita, its former senior director of investor relations — spoke out publicly against the company's hosting of the Yeezy store before it was taken down.
    

        ""Even if @Shopify views it as 'morally ambiguous' to empower the exponential buildup of hate toward a religion/ethnicity, it is, at the very least, a grave public disservice,"" Keita said in a post on X.
    

Have a tip? Contact this reporter via email at mstone@businessinsider.com or Signal at @mlstone.04. Use a personal email address and a nonwork device;here's our guide to sharing information securely.

 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
89,2025-03-04,Nvidia stock dipped as the Trump administration’s new tariffs dragged markets.
90,2025-03-04,"Business Insider Edition 
How can a startup provide a return on investment from bringing the woolly mammoth back from the dead?

        Ben Lamm, the CEO and cofounder of Colossal Biosciences, the startup developing ""de-extinction technology,"" says the real returns are in the discoveries you make along the way.
    

        The startup has raised over $400 million from investors for its headline missions of reviving extinct species and conservationism.
    

        But in the same way that the space race gave us ancillary technological innovations like GPS and artificial limbs, Lamm says that Colossal Biosciences' mammoth moonshot could spur monetizable advances in biotech.
    

        ""There's so much that goes into humans landing on the moon,"" he told Business Insider. ""Well, the same thing goes for de-extinction — you have to build computational biology, cellular engineering, stem cell reprogramming, genetic engineering, monoclonal screening, and embryology.""
    

        Some of those technologies could be ""so powerful,"" said Lamm, that the startup is exploring spinning out technologies in areas like longevity, human healthcare, and plastic degradation.
    

        But first, the startup must find a way to revive an animal that went extinct 4,000 years ago.
    

        So, how does one bring back an extinct animal?
    

        Lamm told BI that the Texas-based startup is taking the opposite approach to Jurassic Park, in which fictional scientists use frog DNA to fill in the gaps in dinosaur DNA that have degraded over time.
    

        Instead, Colossal Biosciences starts with the closest living relative to the woolly mammoth, the Asian elephant.
    

        The startup then uses AI to analyze samples of woolly mammoth DNA, including some well-preserved samples from Alaska and Siberia, ranging from ""about 3,500 years old to about 700,000 years old,"" Lamm said.
    

        That helps Colossal ""understand what makes a mammoth a mammoth"" before the startup engineers those genes into an Asian elephant cell, Lamm said. In other words, it would be like adding dinosaur genes to frogs, rather than using frogs to fill in dinosaur DNA gaps.
    

        ""It's like reverse Jurassic Park,"" Lamm said.
    

        Colossal is aiming to bring back a woolly mammoth calf, born to a surrogate elephant mother, by late 2028. 
    

        On the path to reviving the mammoth, the startup this week announced a new breakthrough in multiplex genome engineering: the birth of a ""colossal woolly mouse."" The process involved engineering mice so they exhibited mammoth-like qualities, such as thicker fur, that would enable them to adapt to cold environments, Colossal Biosciences said.
    

        ""It is an important step toward validating our approach to resurrecting traits that have been lost to extinction and that our goal is to restore,"" Beth Shapiro, the chief science officer at Colossal Biosciences, said in a Tuesday press release.
    

        Beyond engineering ancient DNA, Lamm said that the company's ambition — and thesis for its investors — had always been to spin out research and technology cases with broader applications, like human healthcare.
    

        Launched in 2021, Colossal Biosciences has attracted a slew of high-profile investors, including celebrities such as Chris Hemsworth and Paris Hilton, as well as firms including At One Ventures and Draper Associates.
    

        Its most recent $200 million round, led by TWG Global, brings the startup's total funding to $437 million — at a valuation of $10.2 billion.
    

        Colossal's first spinout company was Form Bio, which raised $30 million to help scientists manage large datasets. Its second spinout company, Breaking, focuses on synthetic biology to tackle the issue of plastic degradation — and raised a fresh $10.5 million last year.
    

        ""It's fun for our investors, who get a ride along with all this other stuff,"" said Lamm.
    

        Alongside its de-extinction technology, Colossal is creating tools meant to help conservation efforts for species that still roam the planet.
    

        Depending on the severity of the climate crisis, the world could lose up to 27% of vertebrae species by 2100, a European Comission forecast from 2022 said.
    

        ""We need new tools in the fight against biodiversity loss,"" Lamm told BI. ""It's kind of terrifying.""
    

        The company says it provides conservation technology, which it calls ""de-extinction toolkits,"" to its 48 partners, which include the charities Save the Elephants and Re:wild. These include breeding programs that help preserve endangered species, especially those threatened by zoonotic diseases, its website states. 
    

        One potential revenue stream is offering ""nature credits."" Similar to carbon credits, the idea is that companies would buy into nature-positive commitments, which Lamm says could become ""long-term annuity streams.""
    

        Although speculative — Lamm didn't share a timeline — it could offer Colossal a huge opportunity in the wider carbon credits market.
    

        ""While we believe there's a massive ecological impact in rewilding, just to be capitalistic for a second, we think that we'll make billions of dollars in annuities off of having animals healthy back in the wild now,"" he added.
    

        Another potential income stream for the startup is ecotourism. Colossal says it's in discussions with governments over potential ""nine-figure"" contracts. However, reviving one mammoth is the startup's priority before it can entertain the idea of a Jurassic Park-style venture.
    

        Colossal has plans to open its flagship lab this year — and a slew of milestones it aims to hit.
    

        Armed with its fresh funding, the startup plans to examine other avian and mammalian species it hopes to revive. Colossal already plans to bring back the dodo. 
    

        The startup is also developing an artificial womb to gestate mammoths and other species, such as northern white rhinos and polar bears. By 2026, the company's artificial womb team hopes to birth a mammal ex-utero. 
    

        Lamm is bullish about the upstart's growth trajectory.
    

        ""We believe this is a trillion-dollar company,"" he said. ""And we believe this company will potentially have more impact than many other companies have had on the planet.""
    
 Thanks for signing up for our daily insight on the African economy. We bring you daily editor picks from the best Business Insider news content so you can stay updated on the latest topics and conversations on the African market, leaders, careers and lifestyle.  Also join us across all of our other channels - we love to be connected!
 © 2025 africa.businessinsider.com"
91,2025-03-04,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Go Mobile
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank gemniii42
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank myfiremanishuge
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank PurpleDolphin7893
Sign up for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal."
92,2025-03-04,"The recent release of a new AI model triggered a tech stock tumble. Did this “Sputnik moment” set off an AI tech race, and are we ready for the AI-human relationships of tomorrow?"
93,2025-03-04,"Apple launched two new iPads today, an M3 iPad Air and A16 base iPad. In somewhat of a surprise, the new entry iPad doesn’t support Apple Intelligence—an omission that’s perhaps passable for a budget device, but that makes the iPhone SE’s recent discontinuati…"
94,2025-03-04,"To say Nvidia’s RTX 50 graphics card launch has gone poorly would be an incredible understatement. There are almost no cards in stock, despite Nvidia shutting down last-generation production at the end of last year to prepare for it, but the cards that are our there are failing in all sorts of ways. From driver and BIOS issues, to melting power cables, and even missing hardware on the GPU die itself.
If you were “lucky” enough to get hold of one of these cards, you really need to make sure you got what you paid for.
There were a lot of problems with Nvidia’s RTX 4090 when it first launched, but Nvidia fixed that with a new power connector. Or so we thought. That’s why when RTX 5090s and some 5080s started having problems with melted or damaged power connectors, and even damaged power supplies and graphics cards, everyone was so surprised.
But power problems are still here and here to stay, it seems. Third-party power cables often appear to be at fault, but we can’t discount user error or poor airflow around these hot and demanding cables.
Even if you haven’t encountered any issues with your GPU’s cabling yet, make sure that you’re using first-party cables only, and that you don’t have any kinks or restricted airflow around your GPU and its power connectors.
Many of the latest RTX 50 graphics cards have been facing strange black screen issues since launch. This can happen at random times and making some of these new cards all but unusable. Fortunately, Nvidia has a fix for it and has released updated drivers and BIOS updates for a range of RTX 50 cards that should fix the problem.
Unfortunately, for some this issue still isn’t fixed. So, while the best general advice we can give if you’re facing black screen issues is to update your card and its drivers to the latest versions, read up what your fellow gamers are saying. If there’s an older driver or BIOS that works better for now, roll back to that instead to get your card working. When Nvidia has ironed out the kinks, then you can download the latest releases for a proper fix.
One of the strangest issues with the RTX 50 generation, is that more than 0.5% of all cards sold have been found to have missing hardware, specifically ROPs. These “Render output units,” accelerate specific functions of the GPU and are vital to its performance. Cards are missing 8 ROPs each, which in some cases can equate to close t0 10% of the total. Some third-parties have found performance can be impacted by between one percent and 11 percent, so the swing can be huge.
You can check if your card is missing ROPs using these steps. Hopefully you won’t be affected, but if you are, you’ll need to get in touch with your graphics card’s manufacturer, be it Nvidia or a board partner, and request either a refund or return and replace.
It’s probably smarter at this stage to request a refund and buy something else at retail — the turnaround time will almost certainly be faster, even if you have to wait for Nvidia’s cards to come back in stock. AMD’s new GPUs are just around the corner, afterall.
If you do request a replacement, though, be sure to test it thoroughly when you receive it to make sure it’s not also negatively effected.
Are you trying to play older games on your RTX 50 and finding the performance terrible? It could be because Nvidia deprecated 32-bit PhysX support with its new-generation. You can get around this by installing a secondary PhysX-supporting GPU, though. It’s not a cheap fix, but if you really want to play those old classics on your new card, doing so with another GPU to help is the best way forward for now.
While both AMD and Nvidia make some of the best graphics cards, pitting the two against each other usually reveals that Nvidia dominates the GPU market with an over 80% share. However, a new survey revealed that, at least in the recent weeks, many gamers preferred to go with AMD when buying a GPU. But how long will this surprising lead even last?
https://x.com/3DCenter_org/status/1899732939686256846
AMD's RX 9070 XT hit the shelves last week, and the response has been largely positive. The GPU was expected to perform on around the same level as Nvidia's RTX 5070 Ti, making it capable of beating some of the best graphics cards. However, a known overclocker just managed to push the GPU to new heights, helping it beat Nvidia's $1,000+ RTX 5080.
Der8auer took the RX 9070 XT out for an extensive spin and achieved interesting results. Prior to launch, many thought the RX 9070 XT would rival the RTX 5070 at best, but now, we've seen it beating not just the RTX 5070 Ti but also the RTX 5080 in today's test. The catch? Not only did Der8auer use a premium card, but the GPU was also overclocked and undervolted.
Nvidia has yet to confirm the existence of entry-level GPUs in its latest RTX 50 series. However, recent leaks have revealed the anticipated specifications of the upcoming RTX 5050, 5060, and 5060 Ti. These GPUs are expected to be officially announced soon, as reports from last week indicated that Nvidia plans to unveil additional RTX 50 series models within the next 10 days.
As for the leaked specifications, @kopite7kimi, a fairly accurate leaker, has shared important information about the upcoming GPUs. As per his posts on X, Nvidia's RTX 5060 and RTX 5060 Ti will utilize the GB206-300 GPU die, while the RTX 5050 will be built around the GB207-300 chip. The RTX 5060 Ti, positioned as the more powerful of the two 60-class cards, is expected to feature 4,608 CUDA cores—just a modest 5.7% increase over its predecessor, the RTX 4060 Ti.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks."
95,2025-03-04,"ByNina-Sophia Miralles

ByNina-Sophia Miralles
, Contributor. 
Mnemosyne Grove by Georgia Metaxas, published by Perimeter Editions
Art books have always represented a niche, though they’ve spiked in popularity ever since they met their perfect match: the coffee table.
Often used as objet d’art, and priced accordingly, these increasingly big and beautiful tomes are beloved by celebrities, influencers and interior designers. Welcome to the small but mighty area of publishing that’s seeing strong growth and is projected to be worth just under $200 million by 2028.
But it’s not just the market that makes coffee table books interesting. With their lush photography and illustrations, liberated from the tyranny of the pixel, they’re a rare chance for creatives to display their ideas in a tactile form. Georgia Metaxas is one such artist who relished the opportunity to reveal her work in a physical way.
Artist and educator, Georgia Metaxas
An educator and multi-award-winning fine art photographer, Metaxas’ work is characterized by her documentary approach to tradition and heritage and her emotionally powerful portraiture, which has been acquired for private collections across the world, as well public institutions such as the National Gallery of Victoria and City of Melbourne Arts & Heritage Collection, among others.
Metaxas has Greek roots, was born and raised in Australia, and now lives in London. A lifetime of shifting identities and homes have made her something of an expert on what place can mean to people. Mnemosyne Grove, Metaxas’ first book, charts part of her odyssey via rich visual storytelling that explores the nature of memory, which she calls “porous and complex.”
Over the course of several years, Metaxas journeyed across Greece, diving into a personal history. One photoshoot shows portraits of olive trees, luminous and corrugated, set against a glossy ink black night. They loom out of the photographs, beguilingly ancient—some are over 500 years old. They stand in an olive grove bequeathed to her mother’s family in Palairos. Each tree was named after a woman in Metaxas’ family, giving them even greater personality. “As humans we’re always anthropomorphizing things,” she says, “though I love the fact that they’re named after women in my family.”
Tree photographed by Georgia Metaxas for Mnemosyne Grove, published in 2024
Interlaced between the “ladies”, as Metaxas calls the olive trees, are super-8 film stills taken by her father during a family trip to Greece. “My dad’s side of the family migrated in 1901 to Australia, but they were from Ithaca,” she shares. These images show a grainy violet sea, bright vistas, chipped marble relics and blurred figures. Tragically, Metaxas’ father passed away during this trip, transforming these holiday snapshots into a haunting final memento. As Metaxas says, “Umpteen years later, I am now recontextualizing those images.”
Although intensely personal, the book deals with themes everyone can recognize: connection to land, migration, and family ties. “I think photography has a slippery relationship to memory,” she explains. “Often the image is what remains, we forget the actual moment. It’s like that birthday party you went to as a child – there’s a photograph you remember, but nothing else.”
Part of the book recontextualizes super-8 film stills taken by Metaxas' father
Her publisher, Melbourne-based Perimeter Editions, gave her significant freedom. “I had as much time as I needed. Usually, I’d be quite strict and process-based, but with this I just let it unravel.” This method allowed her to make unexpected connections on site: “things surfaced that I probably wouldn’t have come across if I’d been more strategic. I just reveled in the making and finding of things I was attracted to.”
Allowed to meander through the project, the airy feeling of being able to breath comes across in the pages. “Once you’ve hung out with a tree that’s 500 years old, you think about time in a different way. I call it Arboreal Time. You realize how insignificant you are.”
Double page spread within Mnemosyne Grove
Despite the dramatic monochrome images, it’s this thoughtful humility which defines the book. Metaxas says she’d like to encourage people to relate to a physical book like this one rather than the busy digital world; perhaps that’s why Mnemosyne Grove is relatively small for a coffee table book, giving it a meditative quality. She calls it “quite quiet, quite intimate”; a description that mirrors the experience of looking through the pages.
This also makes the book much more readable (or should that be “lookable”?) compared to its heftier cousins on the market. Metaxas achieves something special here – a bridge between solely decorative mammoth art books and the standard hardbacks you’re more likely to read. Could it be a new format be in the making? “An artist’s book is still an object,” she says, “I see it as malleable, and I intend to keep playing with it.”
For more information on Mnemosyne Grove, please visit Perimeter Editions
To stay up to date with Georgia Metaxas, or to see more of her work, follow her here."
96,2025-03-04,"CANADA - 2025/02/07: In this photo illustration, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting ... [+] Countries (OPEC) logo is seen displayed on a smartphone screen. (Photo Illustration by Thomas Fuller/SOPA Images/LightRocket via Getty Images)
The surprise decision by OPEC+ to begin unwinding their 2.2 million barrels per day (mb/d) of voluntary cuts from April 1 sent oil prices tumbling and pundits scrambling for an explanation. Many political commentators thought the group was bending to pressure from President Trump, while others postulated that OPEC’s forecasted demand for its oil was optimistic. And of course, there is the possibility that some of the members, notably Saudi Arabia, wanted to punish those who were producing above their targets.
Needless to say, the thinking of OPEC+ ministers is not transparent, but there is a long history of pundits to ascribing the group’s (especially by the Saudis) as being driven by non-economic, political motivations. Saudi support for production cuts have often been attributed to unhappiness with the existing U.S. administration, whether over support for Israel, negotiations with Iran, or some more nebulous concerns, but in every case, the cuts came when prices were weakening, inventories building and/or markets were predicted to soften.
Yet the fact remains that, except for the price collapses of 1986 and 1998, every U.S. administration has always encouraged the Saudis and OPEC to increase production and reduce prices, and been consistently ignored. While there might be some correlation between Saudi production policies and U.S.-Saudi relations, the reality seems more prosaic: OPEC relies on market trends, actual and predicted, far more than it responds to political events.
Second, it is quite possible that the Saudis have done what they did in 1998, which is to accept increased production quotas in response to constant overproduction by several of the members, notably Iraq, Russia and the U.A.E. The figure below shows the IEA’s estimates of the amount of production above target from those members and while it decreased in January, that was primarily due to equipment failures in Iraq and, apparently, tighter sanctions on Russia.
Production Over Target (mb/d)
This could worsen, as, first, the Baghdad government reached an agreement with Iraqi Kurdistan that could add 200 thousand barrels per day (tb/d) to supply and President Trump might relax sanction enforcement on Russia which might see even more added to the market. Additionally, the U.A.E. had earlier been granted an increased target of 300 tb/d, but repeatedly delayed implementation, most recently to April 1st. It is an open question as to whether that will result in them being on target (moving the target to meet the arrow, as it were), or if they will then increase production further and continue to remain above target. At any rate, there is good reason to think that the unwinding of voluntary reductions is partly driven by a desire to punish the free-riders.
Finally, it could be posited that OPEC+ expects the market tighten as the year progresses, so that the additional crude could be easily accommodated without a major price impact. It is true that the IEA forecasts that demand for OPEC crude oil (plus stocks) will drop by 400 tb/d this year, but they have been revising this upwards over the past few months.
And the official forecast from the OPEC Secretariat is significantly more bullish than the IEA’s. The table below compares the two, and the OPEC forecast is for 350 tb/d more demand and 390 tb/d less non-OPEC supply than the IEA projects.[1] The current production plan would see an increase in OPEC+ supply of about 1.4 mb/d from March to December, or an average of about 600 tb/d for the year.
Forecast for 2025 Market (mb/d)
Can the market accommodate this amount? The IEA’s forecast suggests that this would result in an inventory build of 1 mb/d, which would certainly pressure the price. But the OPEC forecast, as shown, for needed additional production of 440 tb/d to avoid inventory growth suggests that their expectations are for minimal impact on prices from the relaxation of voluntary cuts.
Two specific elements of the OPEC press release provide some evidence of their thinking, albeit very weak. Those producing above targets have “agreed to frontload their compensation plans” meaning it is assumed that overproduction will decline, further supporting prices despite increased targets. This does not mean that their failure to do so will see others continue to raise production even if prices weaken. If the other producers do not pause the unwinding in the face of weaker prices, then the implication is that the current production schedule is in part driven by a desire to rein in overproduction.
The other salient comment is that “this gradual increase may be paused or reversed subject to market conditions.” Arguably, such a statement is unnecessary since OPEC+ has typically responded to market conditions and promptly, at least in recent years. (The 1990s were a different time.) Still, that implies that the unwinding reflects a more bullish outlook for demand for OPEC+ oil is driving the move and that they will respond to falling prices, not let them drop to punish those over their targets.
Given uncertainties about U.S. sanction and tariff policies, and their impact on Iranian, Russian and Venezuelan supply as well as global economic growth, the market outlook is highly uncertain. Expectations about OPEC+ production targets certainly contribute to this, but how they respond should prices remain depressed will provide strong evidence of their motivations, both now and moving forward.

[1] The IEA supply figure is for all non-OPEC, while OPEC forecasts only those non-OPEC members which are not part of OPEC+, but the difference in 2025 production seems small, since the IEA expects that Russian production will be down slightly this year, and no other members are likely to increase significantly."
97,2025-03-04,"Call of Duty and Crash Bandicoot titles also touted.

Activision's social media post advertising a new entry in the Guitar Hero series is market research for a game that doesn't exist, and is not meant to be an actual announcement, Eurogamer understands.


The fake advert - which has been dubbed ""AI slop"" for its use of poorly-generated imagery - is one of several tests currently being run across the publisher's social media profiles. 


These adverts also include new smartphone games in other Activision franchises such as Call of Duty and Crash Bandicoot that also don't exist (yet) either. 


Clicking on some of the adverts will take you through to a mocked up mobile store page organised by marketing service Geeklab, and then onto a survey that reveals ""this isn't a real game, but could be some day!""


Market research questions then include queries asking users what made them click on the advert and what gameplay features they expected the game to include, based on the fake advert.


Activision posts on Instagram and Facebook have similarly advertised ""Call of Duty: Zombie Defender"", ""Call of Duty: Sniper"" and ""Crash Bandicoot: Brawl"".

Activision plans to develop two new Call of Duty titles for mobile platform:🔸 Call of Duty: Zombie Defender🔸 Call of Duty: SniperAI-generated advertisements are being used to gauge player interests. If there is enough interest, the project will go into development. These… pic.twitter.com/PWA1KjLd4h

Artwork for the latter game, hosted on Facebook, again shows obvious use of AI image generation. One squirrel-like character appears to be missing half a face.


Will any of these Guitar Hero, Crash Bandicoot or Call of Duty smartphone games ever see the light of day? That remains to be seen. If and when they do, however, here's hoping Activision hires some actual humans to work on their artwork.

Activision recently added a warning label to the Steam page for Call of Duty: Black Ops 6 confirming the game ""uses generative AI tools to help develop some in-game assets"", after players spotted various in-game examples - including a zombie Santa Claus with six fingers.

        Eurogamer is better when you sign in
      

        Join our community of gamers and get access to personalised reading recommendations and much more!
      
Eurogamer.net is owned by Gamer Network Limited, an IGN Entertainment company and subsidiary of Ziff Davis.
  © 2025 Gamer Network Limited, 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. Company number 03882481.
All rights reserved. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission."
98,2025-03-04,"WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court seemed likely Tuesday to block a $10 billion lawsuit Mexico filed against top firearm manufacturers in the U.S. alleging the companies have fueled cartel gun violence.
Both liberal and conservative justices appeared skeptical that the claims could clear hurdles in U.S. law that largely shield gun makers from lawsuits when their products are used in crime.
Big-name manufacturers like Smith & Wesson appealed to the justices after a lower court let the suit go forward under an exception for situations where gun companies are accused of violating the law.
Advertisement
Advertisement
An attorney for Mexico argued the case over economic harm linked to gun violence is still in its early stages and should be allowed go forward.
Justice Brett Kavanaugh, though, pointed to arguments that many products, from baseball bats to prescription drugs, can misused, and a flood of lawsuits could hurt the U.S. economy. “That's a real concern, I think, for me, about accepting your theory,” he said.
Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson said it appeared that the lawsuit ultimately seeks “changes to the firearm industry” of the kind that the shield law was aiming to forestall.
Justice Samuel Alito raised questions about whether U.S. states could file suit against Mexico for “illegal conduct” it links to activities there.
The arguments coincidently come as President Donald Trump’s long-threatened tariffs against Mexico and Canada go into effect. Trump has said the tariffs are aimed in part on forcing the two U.S. neighbors to step up their fight against fentanyl trafficking and stop illegal immigration.
The case began four years ago, when the Mexican government filed its blockbuster suit against some of the biggest gun companies, including Smith & Wesson, Beretta, Colt and Glock Inc.
Mexico has strict gun laws and has just one store where people can legally buy firearms. But thousands of guns are smuggled in by the country’s powerful drug cartels every year.
The Mexican government says at least 70% of those weapons come from the United States. The lawsuit claims that companies knew weapons were being sold to traffickers who smuggled them into Mexico and decided to cash in on that market.
The companies reject Mexico's allegations, arguing the country comes nowhere close to showing they're responsible for a relatively few people using their products to commit violence.
A federal judge tossed out the lawsuit under a 2005 law that protects gun companies from most civil lawsuits, but an appeals court revived it. They found it fell under an exception to the shield law for situations in which firearm companies are accused of knowingly violating the law in their sales or marketing.
That exception has come up in other cases.
The victims of the 2012 mass shooting at Sandy Hook, for example, argued it applied to their lawsuit because the gun maker had violated state law in the marketing of the AR-15 rifle used on the shooting, in which 20 first graders and six educators were killed.
The Supreme Court's eventual ruling, expected by late June, could also affect other similar lawsuits stemming from mass shootings. That aspect of the case didn't appear to be a heavy focus during oral arguments, however. Smith & Wesson attorney Noel Francisco said in a statement that the exceptions aren't relevant because Mexico can't show a direct connection between the companies business practices and cartel violence.
© 2025 TIME USA, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy (Your Privacy Rights) and Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice."
