,date,content
0,2026-06-03,'I guess people lost money.'
1,2026-06-03,"At this point, investors have come to expect a certain level of disruption from Alphabet.
Once an afterthought, the Google parent stormed the gates of the AI trade in late 2025 and hasn't relented since.
Let's run down the ever-growing list of reasons for Alphabet's dominance:
It's those last four developments that really drive home Alphabet's seemingly uncanny ability to nudge its way to the forefront of AI discussions.
Just this week, Alphabet succeeded yet again in hijacking the AI narrative, this time with a plan to raise $80 billion through equity offerings. While not as sexy as the eye-popping IPO valuations expected for private-market juggernauts OpenAI, Anthropic, and SpaceX, the company has once given investors something compelling to think about as they allocate capital.
Soak in the stock chart below — eye candy for anyone fortunate enough to own Alphabet shares — and then we'll get into the positive implications of the firm's announced offering. (Note that, given the expected dilutive impact of the share sales, Alphabet stock dipped on the news.)
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
If investors think Alphabet shares are too expensive when the offerings start in the third quarter, they can simply sit out. The company is betting that people will instead be clamoring for more upside, given what they've seen over the past year.
Alphabet is seen racking up as much as $300 billion of capex spending in 2027 — a sharp increase from the already-lofty $190 billion it expects this year. By opting for the equity route over debt, the company is preserving financial flexibility.
It might be hard to believe in this current record-setting market, but investor dry powder is a finite resource. If investors decide to pour more money into Alphabet, that could come at the expense of other tech titans seeking capital. That could, in theory, lessen buying power for newly public shares of OpenAI, Anthropic, SpaceX, and others.
Before Berkshire's initial investment in Alphabet in the third quarter of 2025, the Warren Buffett-led firm had been historically allergic to mega-cap tech. It says a lot that the firm is coming back for more. A deal with Berkshire accounts for $10 billion of the $80 billion that Alphabet plans to raise, a very significant chunk.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
2,2026-06-03,"SpaceX officially wants to have the largest initial public offering of all time.
Elon Musk's rocket company is seeking to raise $75 billion in its initial public offering, according to a filing it submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission. It plans to offer 555,555,555 shares of common stock at $135 per share.
That offering would be over twice as big as the prior record for the largest IPO, which was set by Aramco when it raised $29 billion for its opening in 2019.
The updated filing came a week after SpaceX's initial S-1, which offered an unprecedented look into the finances and mission of one of the world's most valuable private companies.
Under the proposed offering size, Musk — who serves as CEO, CTO, and chairman of the board — would hold around 82% of the voting power of the company's common stock, the filing said, allowing the founder to maintain significant control.
The S-1 filing is a required step ahead of an IPO, and SpaceX is expected to make its stock-market debut this month.
SpaceX is one of several blockbuster tech IPOs that are hotly anticipated, including OpenAI and Anthropic, which filed its own S-1 this week.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
3,2026-06-03,"The global memory shortage that has already squeezed Mac mini and Mac Studio supply is now set to weigh heavily on the broader PC market, with IDC forecasting an 11.3% decline in global shipments for 2026.
According to IDC's Worldwide Quarterly Personal Computing Device Tracker, conditions are expected to worsen progressively through the fourth quarter, when shipments are forecast to fall 20% year-over-year, with no meaningful relief expected before the end of 2027. Average selling prices are rising and PC manufacturers are struggling to maintain full product portfolios.
The first quarter of 2026 offered a deceptively encouraging signal, with shipments growing 3% versus the same period last year, but that strength was largely artificial; both consumer and commercial buyers pulled purchases forward ahead of anticipated price increases and availability constraints. Some of that first quarter momentum is carrying into the second quarter, but the remaining quarters are expected to deteriorate. IDC forecasts average selling price growth of 17% in 2026, and even as memory capacity expands over the next two years, pricing is unlikely to return to 2025 levels. TrendForce previously warned that surging memory and CPU costs could push mainstream laptop prices up by nearly 40% this year.
Against that backdrop, Apple's MacBook Neo has driven stronger-than-expected notebook demand and prompted IDC to revise its notebook forecast upward. Launched in March at $599, the ‌MacBook Neo‌ pairs the A18 Pro chip with 8GB of memory and targets the sub-$700 notebook segment. This market accounts for approximately 75 million units annually, nearly 40% of total notebook volume, which is a tier historically dominated by Windows and ChromeOS devices.
The ‌MacBook Neo‌'s competitive ripple effects cut both ways. IDC said the device is ""putting real pressure on the entire PC ecosystem,"" and expects rivals to respond with new silicon, a more efficient OS from Microsoft, and aggressive promotional pricing. The competitive pressure from the ‌MacBook Neo‌ is providing a partial offset to broader price increases, keeping some low-cost notebook options alive, though the overall average selling price trajectory remains firmly upward.
While rising memory costs are pushing many PC vendors toward higher-priced systems or forcing specification cuts to defend lower price points, Apple has moved in the opposite direction. The memory shortage has had a more direct impact on Apple's higher-end Mac models, with ‌Mac mini‌ and ‌Mac Studio‌ models seeing configuration cuts and significant shipping delays as the company struggles to secure supply.
Get weekly top MacRumors stories in your inbox.
Our comprehensive guide highlighting every major new addition in iOS 26, plus how-tos that walk you through using the new features.
End-to-end encrypted RCS messaging in beta, Suggested Places in Maps, new Pride Luminance wallpaper, and more.
New features and lesser-known changes to check out if you're upgrading.
Apple's four new iPhones feature more differences between the latest models than ever before, so which one should you buy?
Apple's annual developer conference where it will unveil iOS 27, macOS 27, and more.
Siri improvements, optimizations for future foldable iPhone, and more. June introduction at WWDC with fall release.
Smarter Siri, touch optimizations for a future MacBook Pro, stability-focused updates, and more. June introduction at WWDC with fall release.
Spec bumps with M5 and M5 Pro chip options.
10 hours ago by Tim Hardwick
12 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
12 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
2 days ago by Joe Rossignol
2 days ago by Tim Hardwick
 
MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and other Apple platforms."
4,2026-06-03,"It was late January when Bill Law realized something had shifted in San Francisco's real estate market. That month, the longtime tech worker and his wife submitted an offer on a $1.3 million home in the Sunset District, a west-side neighborhood that boasts good schools and easy access to both the ocean and Golden Gate Park. Hoping to stand out from the house-hunting scrum, the couple offered $300,000 above the asking price. They didn't come close. The winning bid of $1.86 million easily eclipsed their offer.
""I definitely feel the frustration in the real estate market,"" Law tells me. ""Since January, it's just — it took off like a rocket.""
Half a million dollars may sound like a stunning sum for a bidding war — unless you've paid any attention to San Francisco's housing market over the past six months. In a city long on AI and chronically short on housing, some homes now trade for millions of dollars above their asking prices. Once-underrated neighborhoods like the Outer Sunset and Outer Parkside now provide fog-soaked backdrops for truly unhinged pricing contests. No major city has seen home values rise faster over the past year, helping the San Francisco metro reclaim its title as the most expensive housing market in the country.
The City by the Bay has seen many a boom-and-bust cycle, but seasoned San Franciscans will tell you that this one feels different. Recency bias? Maybe. The current AI-fueled bonanza, though, is notable for both its concentration of extreme wealth and the speed with which it's minting new fortunes. With a wave of IPOs looming, including OpenAI, SpaceX, and Anthropic, overnight millionaires and billionaires are poised to deliver more shocks in the coming months.
It's a head-spinning turnaround from the last time San Francisco real estate drew national headlines. In the depths of the housing slowdown in 2022 and 2023, Bay Area home prices were caught in the dreaded ""doom loop"" as newly mobile white-collar workers fled to home offices in cheaper cities like Austin or Denver. Census Bureau data shows the city's population shrank by more than 60,000 people.
It's tempting to write off San Francisco's comeback as an AI-fueled anomaly, an extreme case divorced from most Americans' reality. The city may stand alone in many respects, but the experience of buyers and sellers there also offers a neat encapsulation of the forces shaping the whole of America's real estate market: the K-shaped economy, employers' return to the office push, homebuilding hurdles, and, of course, the AI-bubble-or-maybe-not-a-bubble. San Francisco's ""boom loop"" is just getting started — and a version may be coming to a city near you.
Until recently, the six-bedroom home at 2626 Larkin Street served as a reminder of San Francisco's sinking fortunes. The contemporary Mediterranean Revival building, with its sweeping views of the Bay, 1,000-bottle wine cellar, and prime location atop Russian Hill, represented the height of luxury. In January 2020, it sold for a whopping $20 million. Just a few years later, though, in late 2023, it traded again for a mere $10 million — a 50% discount. The eye-popping collapse spoke to San Francisco's broader headwinds: The city's typical home value plummeted by more than 17% from its 2022 peak to its 2024 trough, Zillow data shows.

                                  Every time James publishes a story, you'll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                              

                                  Stay connected to James and get more of their work as it publishes.
                              


                                  By clicking ""Sign up"", you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider's
                                  Terms of Service and
                                  Privacy Policy.
                                
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Today, the house is a symbol of the city's rebound. It sold for $24 million in April — recouping all of its pre-COVID value and then some. The Larkin Street spot is hardly an outlier. ""I've never seen a market like this,"" says Monica Pauli, an agent and 25-year veteran of San Francisco's real estate scene. She grasped the full extent of the changes in September, when one of her listings, a four-bedroom home in Asbury Heights, quickly sold for $1 million above its $4 million asking price. Pauli began warning buyers to get under contract before the flood of AI money rocked the market further: ""I told them, you have to buy before 2026.""
The AI-driven frenzy is the latest and most dramatic twist in a six-year housing odyssey for San Francisco. The downtown area was hit hard at the outset of 2020, but an initial dip in the city's home prices soon turned into a boom as buyers pounced on rock-bottom mortgage rates and scrambled for more home-office space. ""Everybody had a record year in 2021,"" says Paul Hwang, an agent who specializes in the South Beach neighborhood. Then interest rates spiked, tech companies shed workers, and residents' march toward cheaper pastures intensified — from 2020 through 2022, the metro's population shrank by more than 3%. San Francisco home prices followed suit. As recently as spring 2025, things still seemed shaky: tariffs, high borrowing rates, and general economic anxiety spoiled hopes of a pickup in buyer demand. As the sun was setting on last year's summer selling season, however, something odd happened: San Francisco prices started climbing — quickly.
While the pandemic and rise of remote work loosened the city's grasp on tech talent — ""people said that the Bay Area was dead,"" Daryl Fairweather, the chief economist at Redfin, tells me — that slippage has proven to be temporary. The city is now the undisputed heart of the AI revolution, home not only to household names like OpenAI and Anthropic, but also ""a lot of companies you've never heard of that are worth $100 billion or something,"" says Mike Simonsen, a longtime San Francisco resident and the chief economist for the real estate brokerage Compass International Holdings. ""I have friends in their 30s who are suddenly billionaires.""
This crop of companies is luring workers to the Bay with the promise of multimillion-dollar bonuses, fat equity packages, and lavish salaries. An analysis of migration data by John Burns Research and Consulting found that San Francisco recently notched its first month of positive net domestic in-migration — more households moving in from other parts of the country than moving out — since at least 2018. Austin, a darling of the remote-work era, emerged as a popular destination for Bay Area expats in 2020. Over the past year, though, more households moved from Austin to San Francisco than the reverse.
The renewed interest is butting up against the city's multi-decade struggle to produce more homes. Even in San Francisco's down years, the inventory of coveted single-family homes was tight: in the spring of 2023, Compass data shows, fewer than 400 single-family homes were available for sale in the city. Today, there are only 250 or so. The city simply isn't building new supply. Meanwhile, well-compensated tech workers are using those bonuses and increasingly valuable stock to snag their slice of the city. My colleague Ben Bergman recently reported on a couple of Bay Area home listings for which OpenAI and Anthropic stock will suffice as payment. Hwang, the South Beach agent, expects the future IPO windfalls to further juice the housing market.
""When they work so hard, 9 A.M to 9 P.M., six days a week, they're going to feel entitled to go buy the Ferrari,"" Hwang said. ""And the Ferrari is literally the house in Noe Valley or the penthouse in South Beach.""
The San Francisco metro already has the highest price growth of any major metro in the country, with prices up nearly 11% year over year, per Redfin data. Within the San Francisco city limits, prices are up a stunning 15% from a year ago (no other major city comes close to hitting double digits). That growth is mostly coming from the top end of the market, Fairweather tells me. Prices are up 13.4% since 2022 in ""luxury"" neighborhoods, or ZIP codes where the typical home price exceeds $3 million. With the number of luxury buyers dramatically outweighing available inventory, competition is fierce even for fixer-uppers.
""People are willing to do a lot of work,"" says Victoria Stewart Davis, an agent who's worked across San Francisco for more than two decades. ""They're willing to buy something for $8.2 million and spend another $8 million renovating it.""
Agents and economists note that this frenzy has yet to really spill over to the entry-level part of the market. For example, prices are actually down 4% in ZIP codes with homes in the half-million-dollar range.
""I think the AI part is important in explaining the divergence between the luxury and the non-luxury part of the market,"" Fairweather tells me. The richest buyers can afford to duke it out in bidding wars, but the rest are staring down the same factors that have forced many potential buyers across the US to pump the brakes.
At the top end of the market, the madness is often by design. Sellers' agents are pricing homes well below market value ""to get buyers through the door,"" Pauli says. ""Then the market will speak."" That could mean a final sale that's a million dollars over the asking price, or it could mean the eventual buyer pays double the listed amount. Pauli points to a six-bedroom home in the Cow Hollow neighborhood that recently sold for $15 million — nearly twice its $7.95 million asking price: ""The pricing strategy, it worked.""
Sales from just a couple of months ago, or ""comps,"" which agents typically use to estimate the market value of current listings in a given area, have been rendered meaningless. Michael Williams, an agent with the brokerage TurboHome, says he now focuses on calling agents with pending sales to get up-to-the-minute insight on what homes are going for. Like any agent in San Francisco these days, he can rattle off examples of bidding wars that broke his brain: one that sticks with him is a house in Bernal Heights for which one of his clients was in the running. The winning offer came in at $2 million — $400,000 higher than the second-place bid.
""We are seeing, I think, a little bit of a disconnect from reality,"" Williams tells me.
At a certain point, the numbers cease being anchored to anything other than a desire to avoid losing.
""Many people with really deep pockets, it really doesn't make a difference to go $5 million, $10 million above asking, especially if they missed out on a home or two,"" says Alan Mark, a longtime Bay Area real estate consultant. ""That'll really get people going. They got emotionally involved, and they lost. They go in a third time, and there's no way they're going to lose.""
The numbers don't bode well for a calmer San Francisco market anytime soon. A city with a few hundred single-family homes up for grabs at any given moment is hardly primed to accommodate thousands of newly flush tech workers. Sure, not all of those lottery winners will rush to sink their money into the housing market. But the ones that do will almost certainly be jostling for the exact kinds of homes that are already drawing the stiffest competition: move-in-ready, standalone places that can accommodate growing families and offer attractive commutes for 996ers.
Simonsen, the Compass chief economist, moved to San Francisco in January 1999, when the city was in the throes of the dot-com boom. ""This in many ways feels comparable,"" he tells me. One difference, he says, is that the current gold rush feels more concentrated among a smaller number of companies that are doing ""really remarkable things.""
That concentration, and the unevenness of San Francisco's real estate comeback — super hot on the luxury end, lukewarm in the ""affordable"" segment — speaks to the broader forces at play nationwide. The K-shaped economy means lower earners are getting hammered by inflation, while high earners are weathering it just fine as their investments swell. Pandemic-era migration patterns have broken down as homeowners stay put, companies pull back on hiring, and white-collar workers heed the call back to the office. The AI boom is minting lots of new winners while prompting layoffs elsewhere.
""At a national level, it's reflective of how the AI economy is not making everybody equally rich,"" Fairweather tells me.
When I spoke to longtime San Franciscans, they expressed concerns about the destabilizing effects of rapid price run-ups. ""Nobody wants to see rents or prices shoot through the moon,"" Mark, the real estate consultant, tells me. Even the ones who can afford it are rethinking how far their money will go. Law, the tech worker who lost out on that $1.86 million home in the Sunset District, ended up closing on a three-bedroom home in that neighborhood in March after weeks of diligent searching: ""Whatever came out that met our criteria, we went and looked at it,"" Law tells me. ""It was just, like, hardly any homes."" At open houses in popular neighborhoods, he and other hopeful buyers found themselves ""literally shoulder to shoulder, like you're at Disneyland on Thanksgiving or Christmas.""
The winning home came with none of that mess. Law and his agent put in an offer before the seller ever hosted an open house, hoping to secure the place before it got more interest. The seller was on a tight timeline, and they worked out a deal. To save money in other ways, Law enlisted the services of TurboHome, which charged him a flat fee of $20,000 rather than the typical agent's fee of 2%-3% of the sale price — tens of thousands of dollars more in this instance. Law asked that I not disclose the final price, but noted he ended up shelling out $1,200 per square foot — well above the $900 per square foot he bid on that first home.
""It was definitely an eye-opening experience,"" Law says.
Today's bidding wars may soon seem like bargains. There will be plenty more handwringing in the coming months over San Francisco's skyrocketing prices and growing disparities. For now, though, the real estate practitioners I spoke with were mostly relieved that the conversation has shifted away from the ""doom loop."" The pervasive feeling is that naysayers were too quick to sound the death knell for San Francisco, too hasty in writing off its industry and natural beauty.
""I think we've been undervalued for a long time,"" Pauli tells me. ""It's really nice to see our city bounce back.""
James Rodriguez is a correspondent on Business Insider's Discourse team.

                        Business Insider's Discourse stories provide perspectives on the day's most pressing issues, informed by analysis, reporting, and expertise.
                        
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
5,2026-06-03,"By Johann M Cherian, Utkarsh Hathi and Ragini Mathur June 3 (Reuters) - European shares slipped on Wednesday as escalating Middle East tensions and fresh..."
6,2026-06-03,
7,2026-06-03,"Sources say Kalshi flagged wagers Santos made about Trump's SOTUS address.
Federal regulators are investigating disgraced former Congressman George Santos for possible insider trading on the prediction market Kalshi, sources familiar with the matter told ABC News.
Kalshi flagged a series of wagers Santos made in February tied to his attendance at President Donald Trump's State of the Union speech, the sources said. 
Kalshi referred the suspicious trades to its regulator, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and to the Justice Department, the sources said. 
According to sources, Santos placed bets on Kalshi that he would not attend the 2026 State of the Union address. But on Feb. 23, Santos posted, ""I'll be in the gallery"" for the president's speech. The next day, the night of the speech, he posted, ""Watching SOTU from an airport tv was not part of the plan! FML.""
The CFTC's enforcement division is now investigating and will decide whether Santos made tens of thousands of dollars by deceiving the public and affecting the odds, the sources said.
Kalshi, the Justice Department and CFTC declined to comment when asked by ABC News. NPR was first to report the suspicious trades by Santos.
When asked for a statement by NPR about the insider trading probe, Santos reportedly said, ""Well, that's news to me."" Asked if he had a Kalshi account, Santos told NPR, ""I'm not saying yes, I'm not saying no.""
The New York Republican, whose campaign for office was built on lies about his resume, pleaded guilty to fraud and aggravated identity theft. He served four months of a seven-year sentence before receiving a commutation from Trump.
Sources did not indicate whether the Justice Department began a criminal case, though federal prosecutors in New York have brought two insider trading cases against other individuals involving Kalshi's rival prediction market, Polymarket. 
In one case, a special forces soldier who bet on the raid that ousted Nicholas Maduro from Venezuela pleaded not guilty. In the second case, a Google software engineer who allegedly made Google-related bets based on inside information has not yet entered a plea.
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events"
8,2026-06-03,"In the face of widespread backlash to the AI data center buildout throughout the US, Google is touting its efforts to minimize the environmental impact by actually increasing water for local communities. The company laid out five commitments around water use …"
9,2026-06-03,
10,2026-06-03,"Benchmark Nikkei 225 tops 68,000 for first time as AI-driven buying frenzy shows no signs of slowing down.
Save
Share
Japan’s stock market has hit an all-time high as a global buying frenzy driven by AI shows no signs of slowing down.
The Nikkei 225 rose nearly 3 percent on Wednesday, lifting the benchmark index above 68,000 for the first time.
The latest surge continues a banner year for Japan’s stock market, which is up nearly 33 percent so far in 2026.
“Investor enthusiasm over the AI boom is helping drive Asian equity markets higher,” Khoon Goh, head of Asia research at ANZ, told Al Jazeera.
“While strong demand for high-end chips has seen the top semiconductor companies in Taiwan and South Korea rally strongly, this is also benefiting Japanese markets, which are also getting some tailwind from a weak yen.”
Japanese firms involved in the semiconductor business led the gains.
Tokyo Electron, Japan’s largest manufacturer of semiconductor equipment, soared as much as 14 percent in morning trading.
Advantest, which supplies testing equipment to the semiconductor industry, rose more than 5.5 percent.
Shin-Etsu Chemical, a supplier of silicon wafers used in integrated circuits, gained about 4 percent.
Softbank, which is heavily invested in AI models, chips and data centers, fell about 3 percent, after overtaking auto giant Toyota on Monday to become Japan’s biggest company by market capitalisation.
Ferocious demand for AI chips has been driving record-breaking rallies in stock markets across the globe, taking key indexes in the US, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan to record highs.
During the past month, three memory chip makers – South Korea’s SK Hynix and Samsung Electronics, and US-based Micron – entered the elite club of firms with a market capitalistion of at least $1 trillion.
Only 17 companies have hit the milestone, all but five of which are based in the United States.
Despite concerns about the sustainability of the sky-high valuations in the sector among some investors, tech companies are continuing to commit huge sums to AI-related infrastructure.
US tech giants are expected to spend about $800bn on AI-related capital investment in 2026, according to Goldman Sachs.
Google parent company Alphabet on Monday became the latest Silicon Valley giant to outline its AI-related investment plans, announcing that it would sell $80bn worth of shares to help fund expected capital expenditures of $180-190bn in 2026.









Follow Al Jazeera English:"
11,2026-06-03,"Amazon is offering same-day delivery on Apple's MacBook Neo in select locations alongside its ongoing $9 discount on the notebook. You can get all four colors of the 256GB delivered same-day in many locations, plus a few colors of the 512GB model.
Note: MacRumors is an affiliate partner with some of these vendors. When you click a link and make a purchase, we may receive a small payment, which helps us keep the site running.
If your location doesn't have a same-day delivery option, Amazon is still providing a delivery estimate between June 4 and June 8 on every MacBook Neo computer. This beats Apple's current delivery estimates by up to a week.


$9 OFF
MacBook Neo for $589.99

Apple's MacBook Neo has recently been struck by delayed delivery estimates on Apple.com, due to the notebook's booming popularity. Amazon's quicker delivery estimates are bolstered by the small $9 discounts on each model of the notebook, and Amazon is still the only retailer hosting these deals.
Following its launch in March, the MacBook Neo has become a big hit for Apple, with the company struggling to keep the computer in stock online and in Apple stores. As of writing, Apple.com quotes a 1-2 week delivery estimate on every model of the Neo in the U.S. and many other countries.
If you're on the hunt for more discounts, be sure to visit our Apple Deals roundup where we recap the best Apple-related bargains of the past week.
Interested in hearing more about the best deals you can find in 2026? Sign up for our Deals Newsletter and we'll keep you updated so you don't miss the biggest deals of the season!


Get weekly top MacRumors stories in your inbox.
Our comprehensive guide highlighting every major new addition in iOS 26, plus how-tos that walk you through using the new features.
End-to-end encrypted RCS messaging in beta, Suggested Places in Maps, new Pride Luminance wallpaper, and more.
New features and lesser-known changes to check out if you're upgrading.
Apple's four new iPhones feature more differences between the latest models than ever before, so which one should you buy?
Apple's annual developer conference where it will unveil iOS 27, macOS 27, and more.
Siri improvements, optimizations for future foldable iPhone, and more. June introduction at WWDC with fall release.
Smarter Siri, touch optimizations for a future MacBook Pro, stability-focused updates, and more. June introduction at WWDC with fall release.
Spec bumps with M5 and M5 Pro chip options.
10 hours ago by Tim Hardwick
12 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
12 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
2 days ago by Joe Rossignol
2 days ago by Tim Hardwick
 
MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and other Apple platforms."
12,2026-06-03,"
			        June 3, 2026 11:00am by
			        Barry Ritholtz 

 
 
I keep hearing comments and concerns about these markets in the media. Since my wife is tired of me yelling at the television (“No! That’s wrong!”) you are the lucky recipients of my ire.
Here are five things I have been thinking about regarding markets, the economy, and investments – from the most bullish to the least – that are too easily misunderstood:
1) Profits: If I can only look at one data point to gauge the overall direction of equity markets, it would be profits. And, corporate profits have been on a tear the past few years.
To be sure, the hyperscalers’ artificial intelligence buildout and massive CapEx are significant factors. But we have also seen good profits in sectors ranging from Communication Services, Health Care, Financials, Consumer Discretionary, and Materials — all are having strong quarters; (unsurprisingly, Consumer Discretionary is the least consistent).
And these are not just one-time blips; we have enjoyed the rare combination of record profits and record profit growth rates. If you want to understand what has been driving equity prices, look no further than this powerful one-two punch.
At the same time, high(ish) valuations have become a little cheaper, as multiples have compressed. This is very powerful…
2) All-Time Highs: The data is unequivocal. Investing at all-time highs yields better returns than at all other dates. I have been saying this for years, so rather than repeat myself, I will let Sam Ro give you the details:
“Just because major market drawdowns are often preceded by record highs doesn’t mean all-time highs are often followed by major market drawdowns. Hopefully, this is obvious. The stock market would not have trended higher for decades if this were not true. Eyeball any long-term chart of the stock market, and you’ll see all-time highs followed by new all-time highs.”
There were over 493 new all-time highs from 1983 to 2000. Except for the very last one, every single one of these was bullish.
If you want to make a bet against 500 to 1 odds, well, that’s your call. I am on the other side of that trade.
3) Sentiment: Another intriguing issue that keeps coming up is record lows in U Mich Sentiment. Many find this deeply concerning.
But here is the thing: Your individual sentiment is based on what you experience personally – in BeFi terms, the “Availability Heuristic” of what is in your personal economy. But that is not what drives markets. We discussed this in terms of the pandemic and, more recently, how we can have all-time highs in equities with all-time lows in consumer sentiment.
Most of the time, Sentiment measures do not provide a very clear signal. The contrarian in me looks at record low sentiment measures as a potentially bullish indicator…
4) K-Shaped Economy: Here is the disappointing, grim reality: Throughout most of human history, it has been a very “Winner takes all (or most)” kind of economic system.
The challenge is in having the top 10% of the economic strata driving half of the economic activity. This may not be a sustainable situation — economically or politically.
There were hopes that the industrial revolution, unionization, and the general rise in entrepreneurship might push back against that reality. But it is looking more and more like the Roaring 1920s, the 1980s bull market, the post-GFC bailouts were the norm, not the exception.
I grew up in the post-war era, and I took it for granted that it was the norm. I am starting to suspect exactly how aberrational that period was. It is looking more and more like the entire post-war period – the rise of the middle class, the build-out in the USA of suburbia, interstate highways, the electronics industry, semiconductors, manufacturing, civilian aviation, etc. – was a historical aberration.
I hope this is incorrect, but fear it is not…
Iran War / Oil / Inflation: Venezuela was fast and easy; Cuba is likely a bit more difficult. But Iran has its own strategic, tactical, and military assets; it is its own player in the Middle East. Oh, and they have been supplying drones to Russia (!) for its war against Ukraine.
I have no idea how the Dunning-Kruger War will ultimately play out in terms of energy prices and/or inflation, but it appears not to have been well thought out in advance.
The good news is regional wars generally don’t impact stock prices much; the bad news is this is the one with the potential for causing exactly that kind of mischief…
~~~
Generally speaking, I am bullish on US equities and even more bullish on overseas bourses. There are signs of froth and foolishness, none of which rise to systematic problems.
Am I happy about the excesses surrounding the SpaceX IPO? Absolutely not. The index gaming from Nasdaq and S&P is deeply problematic and disappointing. But it does not read to me as a market killer.
If you have learned anything from this market over the past 15 years, it is that it deserves the benefit of the doubt. The economy has been cooling, but not outright decelerating. Housing is a mess, still working off the excesses of the GFC. College grads seem to be having a hard time finding jobs.
It’s not perfect out there. But until we see deeper signs of deterioration and further economic weakening, I remain constructive…
 
 
 
Previously:
All Time Highs (SP500) versus All Time Lows (Consumer Sentiment) (April 24, 2026)
Maybe Mr. Market Is Rational After All… (August 7, 2020)
The K-Shaped Recovery (September 4, 2020)
No, Market Highs Are Not a Bad Sign (March 5, 2014)
The Bifurcated Recovery in Jobs (November 12, 2013)
 

This content, which contains security-related opinions and/or information, is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon in any manner as professional advice, or an endorsement of any practices, products or services. There can be no guarantees or assurances that the views expressed here will be applicable for any particular facts or circumstances, and should not be relied upon in any manner. You should consult your own advisers as to legal, business, tax, and other related matters concerning any investment.  The commentary in this “post” (including any related blog, podcasts, videos, and social media)  reflects the personal opinions, viewpoints, and analyses of the Ritholtz Wealth Management employees providing such comments, and should not be regarded the views of Ritholtz Wealth Management LLC. or its respective affiliates or as a description of advisory services provided by Ritholtz Wealth Management or performance returns of any Ritholtz Wealth Management Investments client.   References to any securities or digital assets, or performance data, are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute an investment recommendation or offer to provide investment advisory services. Charts and graphs provided within are for informational purposes solely and should not be relied upon when making any investment decision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The content speaks only as of the date indicated. Any projections, estimates, forecasts, targets, prospects, and/or opinions expressed in these materials are subject to change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by others.   The Compound Media, Inc., an affiliate of Ritholtz Wealth Management, receives payment from various entities for advertisements in affiliated podcasts, blogs and emails. Inclusion of such advertisements does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by the Content Creator or by Ritholtz Wealth Management or any of its employees. Investments in securities involve the risk of loss. For additional advertisement disclaimers see here: https://www.ritholtzwealth.com/advertising-disclaimers  Please see disclosures here: https://ritholtzwealth.com/blog-disclosures/
Previous Post

Read More 
Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry daily.




How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy
Learn More...



    © 2026    The Big Picture  
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks.




Subscribe
"
13,2026-06-03,"Are electric vehicles finally going mainstream in India? A slew of indicators suggests the transition may finally be gathering momentum.
The market for electric cars expanded by a solid 25% in the year ending March 2026, while EVs crossed the important 5% threshold in India's passenger vehicle market earlier this year - a figure often seen as a tipping point for mass-market adoption.
""The transition is no longer directional but substantive,"" India's automobile dealers association said in a press note recently.
Adoption is accelerating particularly in larger cars priced above one million rupees ($10,481; £7,777), where one in every 10 vehicles sold is now electric. Electric three-wheelers and motorbikes already account for more than 30% and 15% of sales in their respective categories.
Interest in electric cars has spiked sharply in the last few months, particularly against the backdrop of the Middle East conflict.
India imports nearly 90% of its oil, and state-run fuel retailers have been forced to raise pump prices after keeping them relatively stable for four years, as crude prices jumped by 50%.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has also urged Indians to car pool, use public transport and work from home to conserve fuel.
""This rising uncertainty, alongside elevated fuel prices, acts as an incremental driver strengthening the case for EVs,"" says Nomura, the Japanese brokerage.
But beyond these immediate triggers, several longer-term factors are also driving buyer interest, most notably upcoming regulatory norms, known as CAFE-3, which are scheduled to come into force from April next year and run until March 2032.
These ""meaningfully tighten regulation and are likely to drive more visible acceleration in EV adoption"", Venugopal Garre and Param Shah, analysts with Bernstein, said in a note.
India currently doesn't pair its EV incentives with stringent targets or penalties, something CAFE-3 will make binding, say Garre and Shah.
The draft rules seek to reduce carbon emissions in cars from 113 to 76g/km by 2032 - a 33% drop.
Moreover, unlike in the present scenario where ""penalties of about a billion dollars in fines across eight OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) were never collected, CAFE-3 penalties might be"", according to Bernstein, all of which will push the case for EVs.
Individual city-states like Delhi - one of the country's most polluted hotspots - have also recently released ambitious draft policies that propose to phase out conventional internal combustion engines and halt registrations of new ICE two and three wheelers by 2027.
Another tailwind will be a ""healthy launch pipeline"", says Nomura, which expects EV penetration in India's passenger vehicle market to reach 9% by 2030.
In the two-wheeler segment too, demand is expected to be driven by a wave of new affordable models, while EV three-wheelers are projected to outsell non-EV variants by 2030, accelerating the transition.
""India's transition is more concentrated in high-utilisation, cost-sensitive categories such as three-wheelers, suggesting that the adoption curve is likely to be non-linear, with PV and two-wheeler penetration accelerating over time as affordability improves, charging infrastructure expands, and policy support strengthens,"" Nomura says.
Yet, despite these encouraging signs, India lags behind major global economies in EV adoption.
According to Nomura data, China's EV adoption in passenger cars accelerated sharply from just 5.7% in 2020 to 53.3% last year. EU is at 20% and the US is at 8%.
One of the biggest challenges remains charging infrastructure. 
Public charging stations have grown from 2,000 to over 10,000 in the last three years, yet infrastructure is uneven across regions with just four of India's 28 states accounting for over 50% of the chargers.
Moreover, the sheer gap between India and China on charging points is staggering: China has now scaled to 20 million public charging points vs. India's 10,000.
""Range anxiety"" - or worries about whether a battery charge will be enough to complete a journey - as a result of charging limitations, remains a key deterrent for consumers, according to Nomura.
The gaps in India's local supply chain are another major point of concern for analysts.
India depends heavily on a global supply of rare earths that go into making batteries. And even though the government has announced a plan to ramp up local production, China controls some 70-80% of lithium and cobalt refining and nearly 90% of rare earth separation, according to KPMG.
These underscore the geopolitical risks to the transition and could both delay ""India's EV rollout and affect cost competitiveness"", the consultancy said in a recent report.
There are no immediate solutions to the challenge: building an integrated mining to battery pack or magnet manufacturing supply chain can take longer than a decade. India will need a mix of ""short-term measures for supply security and long-term initiatives aimed at developing domestic capabilities"", KPMG says.
More immediately, though, from a buyer's lens, the timely implementation of CAFE-3 regulations will be a key propellent, Amitabh Kant, former CEO of Niti Aayog, the government's think-tank, wrote recently in the Indian Express newspaper.
Despite being under discussion for three years, the standards still remain tentative, though a final draft is said to be imminent.
""In the absence of regulatory clarity, manufacturers defer investment decisions, supply chains evolve more slowly, and the broader ecosystem remains uncertain,"" Kant writes, adding that what will drive adoption is certainty of policy.
Follow BBC News India on Instagram, YouTube, X and Facebook.
The rising popularity of lab-grown diamonds heaps pressure on those hunting for the natural gems.
Electric vehicle charging points have been installed behind Parliament Buildings for assembly members and staff.
Ofcom found the major phone networks were not providing good signal on trains, and train companies were slowing down wi-fi.
Many victims were South Asians who had travelled to India for treatment or to accompany relatives.
The Paralympic champion said an airline staff member once asked her if she had ""ever tried to walk"". 
Copyright 2026 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
14,2026-06-03,Jensen Huang thinks that humans just 'rent' PC cores and that agents deserve that processing more than you.
15,2026-06-03,"
			        June 3, 2026 6:30am by
			        Barry Ritholtz 
My mid-week morning plane reads:
• Real-Estate Agents Are Quitting the Slow Housing Market: Four years into a struggling market, even agents who survived the initial shakeout are hitting their breaking point. Fewer sales, longer timelines, second jobs. (Wall Street Journal)
• No, Market Highs Are Not a Bad Sign: The old Ritholtz classic, still relevant—the data on what happens after all-time highs is the opposite of what most people assume. (The Big Picture) see also New All-Time Highs: Since 1950, roughly 7% of all trading days have been new all-time highs. The highest percentage of trading days hitting new highs in a decade is the 1990s at 12.3%. This decade is far from over but we’ve experienced new highs in the S&P 500 in 13% of trading days. (Wealth of Common Sense)
• The Great Wealth Transfer Includes $570 Billion in Classic Cars: Boomers are about to hand off a staggering collection of vintage automobiles. The question is whether anyone under 60 wants them—and what happens to prices when supply floods the market. (Bloomberg)
• Best ETFs 2026: The Morningstar Award for Investing Excellence Winners: Morningstar’s annual ETF honors—the funds that earned top marks for performance, cost efficiency, and risk-adjusted returns. (Morningstar)
• Grocery Shoppers Are In For a Summer of Pain: The Iran war is driving up food costs, and the tariff aftershocks aren’t helping. Expect higher prices at the register through the fall. (Bloomberg)
• America’s Favorite Comedian Wants to Be the Next Walt Disney—and He’s Not Joking: Nate Bargatze, the country’s top selling stand-up comic, has a grand ambition: a $350 million theme park in Nashville, Tenn. (Wall Street Journal)
• If You Take the Weasel Job Then You Must Be the Weasel: Hamilton Nolan on the moral clarity of job titles—if you accept a role that requires you to do terrible things, you don’t get to pretend you’re not the one doing them. (Hamilton Nolan)
• I Want It, But I Don’t Like It: A sharp essay on the gap between desire and enjoyment—why we keep pursuing things that don’t actually make us happy, and what that says about modern consumer psychology. (Panoptica)
• Jimmy Kimmel ‘Felt Defeated’ by Stephen Colbert’s Cancellation and Says Late-Night TV Is Not ‘Dying of Natural Causes’: ‘We’re Being Poisoned’ The “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” host opened up in a new interview with Vulture about the future of the genre following the cancellation of Stephen Colbert‘s “Late Show” on CBS and his own run-ins with Trump, including his suspension following comments made about the death of Charlie Kirk.  (Variety)
• Knicks-Spurs NBA Finals mega-preview: Game 1 tips off June 3 in San Antonio. The Athletic’s comprehensive breakdown—predictions, odds, matchups, and everything else you need before the series starts. (The Athletic)
Video of the day: How a Secretive Trading Empire Is Taking Over Wall Street
Be sure to check out our special Masters in Business this week, Remembering Jonathan Clements with Bill Bernstein and Jason Zweig. The two recall Clements’ impact on the investor community; they discuss his posthumous book, “Money and Me.”
The Deal That Keeps the Oil Flowing

Source: Epicenter
 
Sign up for our reads-only mailing list here.
 
This content, which contains security-related opinions and/or information, is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon in any manner as professional advice, or an endorsement of any practices, products or services. There can be no guarantees or assurances that the views expressed here will be applicable for any particular facts or circumstances, and should not be relied upon in any manner. You should consult your own advisers as to legal, business, tax, and other related matters concerning any investment.  The commentary in this “post” (including any related blog, podcasts, videos, and social media)  reflects the personal opinions, viewpoints, and analyses of the Ritholtz Wealth Management employees providing such comments, and should not be regarded the views of Ritholtz Wealth Management LLC. or its respective affiliates or as a description of advisory services provided by Ritholtz Wealth Management or performance returns of any Ritholtz Wealth Management Investments client.   References to any securities or digital assets, or performance data, are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute an investment recommendation or offer to provide investment advisory services. Charts and graphs provided within are for informational purposes solely and should not be relied upon when making any investment decision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The content speaks only as of the date indicated. Any projections, estimates, forecasts, targets, prospects, and/or opinions expressed in these materials are subject to change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by others.   The Compound Media, Inc., an affiliate of Ritholtz Wealth Management, receives payment from various entities for advertisements in affiliated podcasts, blogs and emails. Inclusion of such advertisements does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by the Content Creator or by Ritholtz Wealth Management or any of its employees. Investments in securities involve the risk of loss. For additional advertisement disclaimers see here: https://www.ritholtzwealth.com/advertising-disclaimers  Please see disclosures here: https://ritholtzwealth.com/blog-disclosures/
Previous Post
Next Post

Read More 
Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry daily.




How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy
Learn More...



    © 2026    The Big Picture  
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks.




Subscribe
"
16,2026-06-03,"
Join the club for quick access. Enter your email below and we'll send confirmation, and sign you up to our newsletter.


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest about Microsoft
Updates, launches and rumors.
Latest about AI.
AI updates, how-tos and comparisons in one place.

Explore your membership benefits.


Stay Ahead with Windows Central


Get the biggest gaming news, reviews, and releases straight to your inbox.

YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    Surface Laptop Ultra redefines Windows on Arm with 128GB RAM and RTX graphics
                                

                                    Microsoft and NVIDIA spark N1X speculation with “new era of PC” teaser
                                

                                    Qualcomm unveils Snapdragon C low-end SoC for affordable Windows 11 devices
                                
All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
Global shipments are projected to drop 11.3% this year, with analysts predicting a 20% year-over-year crash in the fourth quarter.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

PC shipments have been down this year, and it looks like the market will drop even more over the coming months. IDC predicts that global PC shipments will decline 11.3 percent for the full year with things getting progressively worse. IDC's analysts expect shipments in Q4 to be down 20 percent year-over-year.
The ongoing memory shortage is the biggest factor affecting PC shipments, according to IDC, though the market is complex. RAM shortages have driven up PC prices, such as flagship Surface PCs now costing $500 more than they did at launch.
The global memory shortage is due in large part to AI. IDC indicates that AI datacenters will use 70% of all high-end DRAM production this year. Larger brands are somewhat insulated from the effects of the shortage, such as Apple and its stockpile of components. But even tech giants will feel the squeeze eventually.
The shortage has forced PC makers to offer or re-release options with less RAM. The Surface Laptop is now available with only 8GB of RAM.
 



IDC called the MacBook Neo a ""wildcard"" when it comes to PC sales. The MacBook Neo reportedly outsold the MacBook Air in the quarter since its launch. The new laptop from Apple is also causing ripple effects on Windows PCs.
“The introduction of the MacBook Neo is putting real pressure on the entire PC ecosystem,” said Jitesh Ubrani, research manager for IDC’s Consumer Devices Trackers. “We expect vendors to respond with a combination of new silicon, a more efficient OS from Microsoft, and aggressive promotional pricing.”
We've already seen some of that response with devices like the new Dell XPS 13. That PC starts at $699 and goes toe-to-toe with the MacBook Neo (and beats Apple's laptop, according to our Senior Editor Zac Bowden).
Intel Wildcat Lake chips are designed for affordable PCs and are expected to power devices from Honor, ASUS, HP, and other laptop makers.
Despite pressure from the MacBook Neo driving more affordable options, IDC still predicts a rise in PC pricing. Ubrani added:
“The competitive pressure from the Neo is providing a partial offset to broader price increases, keeping some low-cost notebook options alive. But the overall trajectory for average selling prices (ASPs) is firmly upward. IDC forecasts ASP growth of 17% in 2026, and even as memory capacity expands over the next two years, pricing is unlikely to return to 2025 levels.""
The memory shortage will likely remain an issue until at least the end of 2027, according to experts, meaning relief for high prices is not on the horizon.
 



Join us on Reddit at r/WindowsCentral to share your insights and discuss our latest news, reviews, and more.
Sean Endicott is a news writer and apps editor for Windows Central with 11+ years of experience. A Nottingham Trent journalism graduate, Sean has covered the industry’s arc from the Lumia era to the launch of Windows 11 and generative AI. Having started at Thrifter, he uses his expertise in price tracking to help readers find genuine hardware value.
Beyond tech news, Sean is a UK sports media pioneer. In 2017, he became one of the first to stream via smartphone and is an expert in AP Capture systems. A tech-forward coach, he was named 2024 BAFA Youth Coach of the Year. He is focused on using technology—from AI to Clipchamp—to gain a practical edge.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
17,2026-06-03,One of Magic's most sought-after products is back in stock right now at Best Buy.
18,2026-06-03,"Can a US president promote stock they’ve invested in
A government ethics report reveals US President Donald Trump executed stock trades worth up to $750 million in 2026, including purchases in companies he publicly promoted. Al Jazeera’s Yasmeen ElTahan explains.
Save
Share
Follow Al Jazeera English:"
19,2026-06-03,"Apple has agreed to reveal its revenue in India so that the government can calculate how much it should be fined for antitrust violations.
The company was found guilty of exploiting its dominant position in iPhone apps back in 2024, but the company initially refused to reveal financial data within the country. That potentially left it facing the world’s last largest antitrust fine of a massive $38 billion …
Apple has faced antitrust legislation, competition regulator investigations, and lawsuits around the world. All of these essentially come down to the same issue: edge cases aside, the only way you can buy an iPhone app in most countries around the world is from the official Apple App Store.
That allows the company to set its own commission rates, and developers have no choice but to accept them if they want to offer their apps on iPhone. Many countries have held this to be an abuse of Apple’s dominant position in the market.
Apple argues that it isn’t a dominant player in the smartphone app market as a whole, as Android is a larger segment than iOS. In general, regulators have ruled that iPhone is a large enough market on its own to put Apple in a dominant position. There is, however, a twist in India because Apple’s market share there is still relatively low. At the time the company was found guilty, its market share in the country was just 4% – though it has since risen to 9%.
As is the case in many countries, the upper limit for antitrust fines is calculated as a percentage of revenue. The Indian government asked Apple to hand over financial information, and the company refused.
Back in April, the government shrugged and said that it would use its own estimates if Apple refused to comply, and that the fine could be as high as $38 billion. That would have made it the highest antitrust fine in the world.
Reuters today reports that the Cupertino company has now agreed to hand over the required information after a judge ordered it to do so.
Apple has agreed to submit the financials of its India ‌business to the country’s antitrust body as part of an investigation that found the U.S. firm abused its market position, taking the long-delayed case a step closer to a potential penalty decision, an agency order shows […] A judge last month told Apple to “cooperate”.
We’ve observed previously that this seemed a somewhat strange battle, as initially the Indian government asked for Apple’s global turnover, which is of course a matter of public record. It was therefore unclear why the government asked for this data and why Apple refused to deliver it.
However, the latest report does say that the Indian government asked for domestic revenue at some point along the way, and it was likely this information that Apple was seeking to protect.
Photo by Guillaume Bleyer on Unsplash
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you t…
There are growing concerns that Apple could be f…
Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels, a couple of SF shorts and a rom-com!"
20,2026-06-03,"As AI reshapes the job market, Mark Cuban has a simple piece of career advice: look at small businesses.
In an X post on Tuesday, the billionaire entrepreneur said small businesses create about 60% of new jobs each year and that AI will make it ""easier and faster"" for them to compete with larger companies.
According to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, firms with fewer than 250 employees accounted for 51% of net job creation between the third quarter of 2020 and the third quarter of 2025.
""The % of jobs created by Small biz every year will only increase,"" Cuban wrote. ""Start your job search with small businesses.""
Cuban's comments come as employers grapple with how AI will affect hiring. Some companies have cited the technology to automate tasks and trim head count, while others say it will create new roles and make workers more productive.
When one X user questioned whether AI would actually lead to more hiring, saying startups may become leaner and employ fewer people, Cuban said smaller companies still need help using the technology.
""The smallest businesses don't have the depth of expertise in AI,"" Cuban wrote. ""They need the help. Kids coming out of college have that expertise.""
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Cuban also pushed back against the idea that small businesses would mainly use AI to cut staff.
""Not true,"" he wrote in response to another user. ""They use it to do things they didn't have enough time to do before.""
Cuban's comments echo advice he gave to new graduates in December. At the time, he said recent grads should consider joining small and midsize businesses because they could help them adopt AI agents and automate processes they previously lacked the time or budget to handle manually.
""Big companies don't need new grads for this,"" Cuban wrote on X at the time. ""Entrepreneurial companies will love the value you add.""
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
21,2026-06-03,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
11 hours ago

Google and the European Union don’t often see eye to eye. The company has, on many occasions, been on the EU’s radar for various reasons: a massive five-billion-dollar antitrust fine years ago and more recently, a warning against Gemini getting preferential treatment on Android. Now, the EU has decided to stop using Google as the default search engine on official systems.
The European Parliament will start using Qwant as the default search engine on its in-house computers beginning on June 4, per an email seen by Politico.
Don’t want to miss the best from Android Authority?
The email further states that the decision to ditch Google and use Qwant was made “in line with the Parliament’s commitment to digital sovereignty and the protection of users’ personal data.” To that end, the European Commission is also expected to unveil a tech-sovereignty package aimed at reducing dependency on foreign tech companies.
Qwant is a French search engine that advertises itself as a privacy-oriented product and claims not to track its users or sell data to advertisers. It also offers features that Google does not: Users can completely disable the AI features in Qwant search and turn off sponsored content on the homepage.
Once the switch from Google takes place, searches from the address bar of browsers on Parliament’s systems will automatically use Qwant as the default search engine instead of Google. However, officials will still be able to use any search engine they want or set a different search engine as the default.
The EU’s push to phase out reliance on US-based tech firms has been in the works for quite some time. France has already stopped using Microsoft Teams and Zoom, and European lawmakers have been pressuring the EU to phase out foreign-made technology.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
22,2026-06-03,"Intelligence for the New World Economy
The Middle East conflict is putting significant strain on energy and food systems across Africa, which could threaten credit ratings on the continent, S&P warned. 
Several governments have already tightened fiscal policy, leaving them with few options if the situation continues to deteriorate, the credit agency warned.
Key fuel and fertilizer exports have been all but blocked by disruption in the Strait of Hormuz, with the worst effects expected to hit import-dependent African economies in six to 18 months, S&P said. Food makes up more than 50% of household spending in most African nations, with Madagascar facing the highest risk followed by Benin, Mozambique, and Guinea.
Several nations, including Comoros and Kenya, have also seen steep fuel cost hikes that sparked deadly protests and forced governments to walk back price increases â and underscore broader economic vulnerabilities. âIf the energy shock persists, the impact would broaden into wider credit deterioration, with narrowing fiscal and monetary policy space,â S&P said.
Intelligence for the New World Economy
Sign up for Semafor Africa"
23,2026-06-03,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
18 hours ago

Ever since the official announcement, we’ve seen a mix of opinions about Google Books, with some of the Android Authority writers lauding Google’s hardware choices while others were outrightly underwhelmed. Google’s upcoming response to the MacBook Neo will combine the best of Android and ChromeOS and support a range of x86 and Arm64 chips from various brands. Although Google has already shared a template design, it also announced partnerships with various PC brands, but without revealing details.
A new report, however, now throws light on it, suggesting the different Googlebook models expected to launch this year. According to Chrome Unboxed, Google could release at least eight Googlebook devices, with launches expected around fall this year.
Don’t want to miss the best from Android Authority?
Out of the devices Chrome Unboxed has spotted through various repositories, four are expected to be powered by Intel chips based on Panther Lake architecture, which is the codename for Intel’s Core Ultra 300 series. References to these devices have been spotted on the Chromium Gerrit with mentions of “Fatcat,” the main development framework used by Google for Panther Lake chips. These include devices codenamed “Felino,” “Lapis,” “Moonstone,” and “Ruby.”
The code does not reflect the exact OEMs building these devices, so we’ll have to wait to learn more on that front.
In addition to Intel, Qualcomm is also said to be coming up with at least three Googlebook devices powered by Snapdragon X series chips. According to the report, these are associated with the “Bluey” baseboard and carry the codenames “Quenbi,” “Mica,” and “Quartz.” Previous reports also suggest these devices could be powered by Qualcomm’s older Snapdragon X Plus rather than the newer X2 chips.
Qualcomm is expected to be accompanied by MediaTek, which will launch at least one device, codenamed “Sapphire.” According to the report, the device will draw power from MediaTek’s high-end Kompanio Ultra chipset, which has previously been used in Chromebooks as well. Chrome Unboxed also notes that Google could ask MediaTek to change the name to something more memorable. This device could also feature a detachable keyboard, allowing it to function like a tablet if needed.
Google is expected to launch all of these around the same time as part of a coordinated effort ahead of the holidays. It remains to be seen whether they will be launched all at once at a single event or gradually.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
24,2026-06-03,"Investing

							Today's 3.64% Federal Funds Rate mirrors August 2001 levels, just before the Fed cut rates and the S&P 500 fell 12%.													

							A 2001-style 12% decline would now erase $8.6 trillion in wealth from retirement accounts, pensions, and college savings plans nationwide.													

							Warsh must balance 3.8% inflation, which is well above the Fed's 2% target, against a cooling labor market with shrinking room for error.													

  The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks. Get them here FREE.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© White House

The stock market has spent much of 2026 climbing a wall of worry. Artificial intelligence is reshaping industries, corporate earnings continue to surprise to the upside, and the S&P 500 keeps pushing deeper into record territory. Yet beneath the surface, investors face a familiar question: Is the Federal Reserve already behind the curve?
That question matters because history rarely repeats perfectly, but it often rhymes. Today’s Federal Funds Rate sits at 3.64%, according to Federal Reserve Economic Data (FRED). Surprisingly, there is only one period in modern history when rates were nearly identical: August 2001, when the Federal Funds Rate stood at 3.65%.
The similarities between then and now are difficult to ignore. The internet was transforming the economy in 2001. Artificial intelligence is doing the same in 2026. Unemployment stood at 4.9% then. It sits at 4.3% today. And just as investors were convinced technology would power years of growth in the early 2000s, today’s market has become increasingly dependent on AI-related optimism.
The question facing Federal Reserve Chair Kevin Warsh is whether policymakers have learned the lessons of 2001.
According to FRED data, the Fed lowered interest rates by 25 basis points in August 2001 and followed with a larger 50-basis-point cut in September. Those moves were part of a broader easing cycle that had already been underway throughout the year.
Yet the cuts failed to prevent market losses. The S&P 500 finished 2001 down roughly 12%. By the time the Fed was cutting aggressively, the economic slowdown and collapse of technology valuations were already taking their toll.
Granted, today’s economy is not identical. Corporate balance sheets are stronger, banks are better capitalized, and AI is creating tangible productivity gains across industries.
But the lesson remains relevant: monetary policy works with a lag. Waiting too long can make eventual rate cuts less effective.
The market’s concentration creates an added risk. A significant portion of the S&P 500’s gains over the past two years has come from a relatively small group of AI-linked companies. Leaders such as Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), and Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) have accounted for an outsized share of index performance.
That concentration cuts both ways. If economic growth slows more than expected or investors begin reassessing AI-related valuations, the downside could be amplified. With the S&P 500’s market capitalization now exceeding $72 trillion, a 12% decline similar to 2001 would erase approximately $8.6 trillion in shareholder wealth.
That’s not a theoretical number. It represents retirement accounts, pension funds, college savings plans, and investment portfolios across the country. It means the stakes are far higher today simply because the market itself is much larger.
Warsh has built a reputation as someone willing to challenge conventional thinking. As the new Fed chairman, one of his first major tests could involve determining whether policy remains too restrictive for an economy showing signs of cooling.
The latest labor market data suggest weakening rather than collapse, but inflation is rising, moving further away from the Fed’s 2% target, rising to 3.8% in April. Meanwhile, higher borrowing costs continue to pressure housing, commercial real estate, and small-business lending.
That said, cutting too quickly carries risks as well. Policymakers do not want to reignite inflation just as it appears to be coming under control. The balancing act is clear. Move too slowly, and economic weakness could spread. Move too aggressively, and inflation could return.
The Fed’s margin for error is shrinking.
In short, the current 3.64% Federal Funds Rate places investors in remarkably familiar territory. The last time rates were this close to today’s level was August 2001, just before the Fed accelerated rate cuts as the economy weakened and the S&P 500 ultimately lost 12%.
History does not guarantee the same outcome in 2026. AI may prove more durable than the internet boom of the early 2000s, and corporate fundamentals remain largely healthy. But the lesson from 2001 is simple: rate cuts work best before economic weakness becomes obvious.
For Warsh, that makes the coming months a genuine moment of truth. If policymakers wait too long, the cost could be measured not in basis points, but in trillions of dollars.
After two decades of patrolling the dark corners of suburbia as a police officer, Rich Duprey hung up his badge and gun to begin writing full time about stocks and investing. For the past 20 years he’s been cruising the markets looking for companies to lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio while writing extensively on the broad sectors of consumer goods, technology, and industrials. Because his experience isn’t from the typical financial analyst track, Rich is able to break down complex topics into understandable and useful action points for the average investor. His writings have appeared on The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, Yahoo! Finance, and Money Morning. He has been featured in both U.S. and international publications, including MarketWatch, Financial Times, Forbes, Fast Company, and USA Today.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
For most of the past year, investors have treated Federal Reserve rate cuts like an inevitability. The only debate seemed…
For most of 2026, Wall Street has traded on one big assumption: once President Donald Trump replaces Federal Reserve Chair…
For much of the past year, investors have been focused on one question: When will the Federal Reserve finally start…
Inflation has a way of turning economics into personal finance. For retirees living on fixed incomes, every increase in the…
For years, Wall Street operated under one central assumption: when markets wobble, the Federal Reserve eventually rides to the rescue.…
For years, investors could count on one thing from the Federal Reserve: when the economy weakened, rate cuts were usually…
The Senate confirmed Kevin Warsh as Fed Chair today in a 54-45 vote—the closest in modern history. He replaces Jerome…
For years, Wall Street operated under one core assumption: when markets cracked, the Federal Reserve would step in with liquidity,…
For months, Wall Street has been obsessed with one question: how many times will the Federal Reserve cut interest rates…
"
25,2026-06-03,"YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    Galaxy Z Fold 8 leak pits Samsung’s wider foldable against the rumored Ultra
                                

                                    How fast is the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 charging speed?
                                

                                    Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 vs. Galaxy Z Fold 7: Worth waiting for?
                                
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Well... the name is at least real, right?

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Certain leaks feel significant before a new product launch, and this could be it for Samsung's next Fold series.
A post by the Japanese publication Sumaho Digest points out a recent Bluetooth SIG certification listing for Samsung's book-style foldable (via SamMobile). What's turning heads is the device name for this new product: the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra. This is a phone name that's been in the news recently, alongside Samsung's expected ""Wide"" Fold 8. The significance of the Bluetooth SIG database openly displaying the ""Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra"" could indicate that this is the direction Samsung is going.
The publication assumes that this means the phone will be available in the Japanese market. Moreover, it reports discovering a handful of model numbers for the Fold 8 Ultra, each for a different carrier and a SIM-free version.
While this name is fine, it leaves much to the imagination. Bluetooth SIG listings are typically void of any specifications (which we're always hungry for), and this time is no different. Clarity around the significance of this is simple: the ""Ultra"" tag could be for the Fold we're already expecting.
 



Last week, a Chinese tipster alleged that Samsung had changed the naming behavior for its upcoming Galaxy Z Fold 8 series. Supposedly, we can start thinking about an ""Ultra"" Fold 8, but it's not for the device you're thinking of. The tipster claims the Fold 8 Ultra will be the regular Fold 8—the successor to the Fold 7. The basic ""Fold 8"" will be kept for the wide foldable that's been rumored.
Staying on topic, recent Fold 8 (or Fold Ultra) rumors claim the device will miss out on some amazing features. This foldable could forget Samsung's Privacy Display exists, while also going S Penless this year. This last note is a give-or-take. On one hand, some consumers would like it to return, but on the other, Samsung thinned the Fold 7, and bringing the S Pen back would do the opposite.
Regarding the wider Fold 8, rumors claim it could feature a dual camera setup. A 50MP main and ultrawide lens could be all users find from it. The unfortunate thing is that it sounds like we won't get a telephoto lens, which the Fold 8 Ultra will likely feature.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
This is an interesting scenario we find ourselves in. On one hand, we ""know"" the ""Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra"" title exists. This listing doesn't state whether it's the wide fold we've been hearing about or the regular one. I know what the rumors state, but it still feels strange that ""Ultra"" would go to the regular one. Could it be because of the camera setup? Usually, when I hear Ultra, I think, ""oh, this phone has the bigger display, the better chip, blah blah."" But, if I'm going by the rumors, that's not the case—for the screen, anyway.
Nickolas is always excited about tech and getting his hands on it. Writing for him can vary from delivering the latest tech story to scribbling in his journal. When Nickolas isn't hitting a story, he's often grinding away at a game or chilling with a book in his hand.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
26,2026-06-03,"Today we remember Dakota Johnson’s limes/iconic green kitchen from her 2020 Architectural Digest Open Door tour. The limes may be gone, but they will never be forgotten.
Last week, Johnson put her legendary home on the market. (Hold for a respectful moment of silence). According to AD, the 3,200-square-foot home is listed at a wee-$6 mil, the same house with the unforgettable olive green kitchen where Johnson declared “I love limes,” despite being allergic to them, as we would later discover. It was the kind of pathological lie that stole the hearts of the chronically online and mid-century modern fanatics alike—not enough to make us go see her movies, but enough to make her an enduring figure in pop culture for the rest of time.
“I love limes. They’re great. I love them so much, and I like to present them like this in my house,” she told AD’s Open Door. Six years later, the video has climbed to 32 million views and has inspired bajillions of kitchen backsplash Pinterest boards, I’m assuming. After a year of the clip lingering in virality, Johnson addressed the limes in a weird COVID-era Zoom talk show appearance on Jimmy Fallon:
“I actually didn’t even know that they were in there,” she said. “It was set dressing. I’m actually allergic to limes.”
“It was hard to just ignore them,” she added, “so I just lied.” I would argue that the legacy of Johnson’s limes is one that exposed a corrupt, fake decorating scheme within AD that could only be taken down from the inside. Moreover, Johnson’s talk show appearance legacy (including, but not limited to, “That’s not true, Ellen”) consistently exposes the cracks in Hollywood’s veneer, so we thank her for her service.
On Open Door, she said, “I’ll never want to sell this place.” But was that a lie just like the limes? Another fib we foolishly believed? Regardless of the reason behind choosing to sell, we are owed another home tour after she settles into her new abode. 
But where will Johnson take her superb taste next? Based on reporting from AD, which cites Realtor.com, Johnson is now “linked to a trust that paid $5.3 million for a Mediterranean-style house in LA’s Outpost Estates in October 2025.” Dakota doesn’t buy houses; she is just “linked to a trust” that pays for them. The high priestess of chaos endures.
Sure, The Materialists and Madame Web may not have been great films, but it takes a certain star quality that only Johnson possesses to have a random bowl of limes as the selling point for your multi-million-dollar home.

May the highest bidder win, and may the fake lime bowl rest in peace.
 

Recommended for You1Scooter Braun Tries to Pull an ‘I Don’t Know Her’ on Taylor Swift2The War Against Inflation Would Nearly Be Over If Not for Trump3Can a Woman Wear a Babydoll Dress in Peace?4Trump’s $55 ‘Patriotic’ Hats Are Missing Two States, Because MAGA Math Is Hard5The U.S. Senate Battlegrounds in 2026: 12 Races to Watch in the Midterms

© 2026 Paste Media Group. All Rights Reserved"
27,2026-06-03,"California's proposed replacement-tire rules are aimed at reducing rolling resistance, which is exactly the boring technical phrase that matters here. A tire that takes more energy to roll makes a gas car burn more fuel or an EV use more battery. Softer, stickier compounds can also wear faster, shedding more tire particles into the air, soil, and water. That is not ""fun."" That is a consumable pollution source with a fan club.
As it stands, the legislation is clear: Tires that don't meet the performance standard won't be eligible for sale in California. There will be exemptions for tire models that sell fewer than 15,000 units a year, are ultra-high-treadwear (1,000 UTQG and above), are motorcycle tires, snow tires, and space-saver spares. That 15,000 number may be the saving grace of track day tires, though some models may outsell that number. Either way, it's not looking great for ultra-grippy tires, though they represent such a tiny fraction of a bigger market that it shouldn't be an issue for the average consumer.
But for the average enthusiast, most summer tires should land within California's proposed rules, even if they'll be considered inefficient. And these rules are only proposed, meaning they can be changed or even thrown out entirely. These rules are designed specifically for the commuting masses to protect average people from losing fuel efficiency over the lifetime of their vehicles. And of course, California wants to reduce overall emissions from tire particulates.
The California Energy Commission's proposed Replacement Tire Efficiency Program would set rolling-resistance standards for passenger-car and light-truck replacement tires. The goal is to make replacement tires as energy-efficient as original-equipment tires while also meeting a wet-grip safety standard. Lower rolling resistance means cars waste less energy.
This makes sense. A tire that takes more force to roll costs drivers money and burns more fuel. In EVs, it reduces range. And because tire wear is also a major source of particulate pollution, especially as vehicles get heavier, tire rules are a perfectly reasonable place for regulators to look.
No one wants to breathe tire dust.
Previously:• Air-free non-pneumatic tires are coming to a bicycle near you• In 1963 Goodyear introduced illuminated tires




		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: Most web hosts treat your website like a subscription. PawnHoster's King Plan would rather take your money…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: This HP EliteBook comes with a range of professional features you can depend on…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: Get lifetime access to 1min.AI's Advanced Business Plan for $59.97 (MSRP $540) and use ChatGPT,…        READ THE REST

Read the rules you agree to by using this website in our Terms of Service.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program
                        designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Boing Boing uses cookies and analytics trackers, and is supported by advertising, merchandise sales
                        and affiliate links. Read about what we do with the data we gather in our Privacy Policy.
Who will be eaten first? Our forum rules are detailed in the Community Guidelines.
Boing Boing is published under a Creative Commons license except where otherwise noted.
Privacy Manager"
28,2026-06-03,"Alphabet, one of the most cash-rich companies in American history, has decided to sell new shares to help pay for its AI data centers ."
29,2026-06-03,"Nearly two and a half years ago, in January 2024, I crammed my most essential belongings into three suitcases and left behind the only life I have ever known to start a new one halfway across the world, in Paris.
Jaded by corporate America and wanting a change of environment, I left my hometown of New York City and moved to the City of Light on a student visa in pursuit of a better life.
While I feel I succeeded in building a more mindful life for myself in many ways, living abroad has also come with its fair share of challenges.
When I decided to leave my home country and become an immigrant, I didn't fully consider all of the privileges I may be leaving behind.
In addition to having to prepare a script to book a doctor's appointment in a language I'm not yet fluent in, other seemingly simple tasks have become notably more difficult to circumvent as an American living in France.
Because of visa restrictions, it often feels like I have to work 10 times as hard as French nationals and EU citizens to secure a permanent work contract in my field.
In France, companies hiring a foreign worker for 12 months or more are typically required to pay an annual tax that can equate to 55% of the employee's salary. This is no paltry fee, particularly for small enterprises and startups.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
The job market here is so tough for non-EU citizens that many of my fellow expats in Paris have turned to fully remote work, freelancing, gig work, content creation, or entrepreneurship to generate income.
As a foreigner, securing a contrat à durée indéterminée, a permanent work contract, in France is like holding the winning lottery ticket.
In my experience, like in the US, job hunting here is partly a matter of chance, but mostly a long-haul battle that involves numerous rejections until you network with the right person or secure an internship that leads to a long-term role.
However, unlike job hunting back home in the States, I don't have to question whether I was rejected for a role due to my résumé or because the company isn't able or willing to sponsor my work permit.
By moving away from home, I created a physical divide between myself and my loved ones and left behind family members and lifelong friends.
Although I'm in constant digital communication with my family and hometown best friends and try to call often, when the going gets tough, I miss having physical access to my community.
When I still lived in New York and I was feeling low, I would always take the subway uptown for a home-cooked meal or meet up with my girlfriends for dinner downtown after a rough workweek.
I even miss the small, fleeting moments of communion growing up in New York City, like engaging in small talk in Spanish, my mother tongue, at the deli or supermarket — conversations that are not as fluid in my broken French, even though I make an effort. Or walking by another Black American on the street and giving each other an acknowledging smile or nod — a courtesy that hasn't been adopted by our brothers and sisters across the Atlantic.
Given that the majority of my community is back home in the US, I would be lying if I said I didn't have anxieties over experiencing a crisis situation while living abroad and not having immediate emotional and physical support.
Nevertheless, I know forming deep friendships and relationships takes time, particularly for a guarded introvert like me, and I'm grateful for the small community I do have in Paris. And my hope is that when we are at our most vulnerable, we will be there for one another.
More often than not, the first thing locals ask me when they learn that I'm American is: ""So, why did you move to Paris?""
My answer is always the same: Because I fell in love with the city and wanted to create a life for myself in a country I chose, on my own terms.
The question often comes from a place of curiosity, not judgment, but I grapple with it each time. I still don't feel like I fully belong here.
I know it'd be much easier to live in the country where I was born, where I have my support system and don't have to worry about my visa status or justify why I deserve to stay in the place I've chosen to call home.
I'm still regularly apologizing for my slight accent as my mouth, so used to the stress-timed rhythm of the English language, adjusts to the way French cuts and stitches words together so sentences flow like a continuous piece of fabric.
However, it's been my choice to live abroad and take all that comes with it, including giving up the benefits and comforts of existing within a society I'm familiar with.
By taking the leap anyway, I get to prove to myself every day that I'm stronger than I think.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
30,2026-06-03,"
 news Alerts
There are no new alerts at this time
Elon Musk’s SpaceX announced Wednesday that it intends to make its stock market debut next week at a $1.77 trillion valuation.
Subscribe to read this story ad-free    
Get unlimited access to ad-free articles and exclusive content.
The highly anticipated initial public offering, which is expected to be the largest ever, would raise $75 billion in fresh cash for the company. SpaceX said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that it hopes to sell more than 555 million shares at $135 apiece.
Musk is the CEO, chief technical officer and chairman of the company. After the IPO, he “will hold approximately 82.4% of the voting power of our common stock,” SpaceX said in the filing. 
If the $135 share price holds up through the company’s debut on the Nasdaq, most likely in about a week, it could make Musk the world’s first trillionaire. 
The final price at which SpaceX’s shares will begin trading has not yet been set, however.
SpaceX plans to use the money raised through the offering to invest in its many businesses. In recent months, SpaceX expanded into a number of non-space industries when it acquired Musk’s xAI artificial intelligence company, which also owns the social media network X.
SpaceX will also instantaneously become one of the largest public companies in the world when it begins trading. At the $1.77 trillion value, it would rank as the seventh-largest publicly traded company in the world.
SpaceX will also be Musk’s second trillion-dollar public company. His first, Tesla, was worth $1.6 trillion at the close of trading Wednesday.
The particular way Musk and SpaceX are beginning to shop around the IPO is very unusual. 
Typically, a company proposes a price range at which it wants to sell its shares. Then, the evening before trading commences, it nails down a final price around that range.
But in Wednesday’s filing, SpaceX offered only the fixed $135 price. 
Given Musk’s global name recognition, the offering may require very little marketing to prospective investors, unlike many other IPOs. 
SpaceX says it anticipates offering individual retail investors the chance to buy shares when it debuts through trading platforms, including Schwab, Fidelity, Robinhood, SoFi and E*Trade.
Steve Kopack is a senior reporter at NBC News covering business and the economy.
© 2026 NBCUniversal Media, LLC"
31,2026-06-03,"This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with Jiaona Zhang, the CPO at the AI software company, Laurel. She previously worked in product at Airbnb, WeWork, and Linktree. Since 2018, she has taught an annual graduate-level class in product management fundamentals at Stanford, in-person and online. She is in her late 30s and lives in the San Francisco Bay Area. The following has been edited for length and clarity.
When I started teaching in 2018, computer science graduates were finding great, well-paid jobs at top companies. Students could expect to earn a base salary of $120,000 with equity on top.
But over the past two years, the pathway of studying CS, doing a giant interview loop when big companies come to campus, getting in, and working your way up the company seems to be getting obliterated. I've noticed those entry-level offers drying up and students gravitating to smaller startups or entrepreneurship.
The hard, mundane things students learn in computer science and the tasks a software engineer does at the junior level are now being done by AI. You can build a product in a day or an hour, even if you aren't super technical. In many cases, entrepreneurs can capture so much value at an unprecedented pace.
It's no longer just about whether you chose the right major and got on the right path. Over the next 10 years, I think the emphasis will shift away from what you've studied toward what you're building.
Students are doing a lot of soul-searching. They're asking themselves what problem they really want to work on, or whether they want to be a founder. Anyone can do anything, so what do you really want to do?
Students don't need to master every single AI tool out there. Instead, they need to hone their skill set to spot opportunities. One of the reasons I think students are interested in my Stanford product course is because I teach how to understand the user and build unique insight into a market or problem. If you're able to identify a user group and work out what problem they're experiencing, your product is more likely to hit the bull's-eye.
Take smart steps toward the goals you've been thinking about.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
When I interview candidates at Laurel, I have them share their screen and walk me through how they use AI, and ask what they're building and when they last replaced tedious manual work with AI. A candidate's level of agency is highly related to how good an employee I think they will be. Technology has leaped forward, and it's really going to benefit those who are curious.
It's not about being technical, but about being a builder, meaning you have curiosity and drive, and do the thing without waiting to be told. Those are the ingredients of success for the next generation.
Do you have a story to share about breaking into tech? Contact this reporter at ccheong@businessinsider.com
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
32,2026-06-03,"Responding to the latest dietary craze, America put protein in Pop-Tarts, chips, candy, soda, and water, and now the whey mines are running dry.
The Atlantic reports that wholesale whey powder prices are up more than 50 percent since January, inventories are tight, and some manufacturers have already sold through their supplies for the year. This is what happens when every snack decides it is training for CrossFit. At some point, the dairy supply chain looks at protein water and says, ""I'm tired, boss.""
Whey-protein prices are surging, and a shortage may be imminent. ""Demand is strengthening,"" the USDA warned in a recent report, and ""inventories remain tight."" Some manufacturers have already sold their supplies for the full year. Since January, wholesale prices for food-grade whey powder have risen by more than 50 percent, to the highest level on record, according to the commodity-pricing experts at DCA Market Intelligence.
Retail prices are going up, too: Six months ago, a two-pound jug of Optimum Nutrition's ""delicious strawberry""–flavored whey protein powder went for about $40 on Amazon; now it's $54.03. ""We've absolutely felt it,"" Stephen Zieminski, the CEO of the supplement company Naked Nutrition, said of the shortage in an email to me (though he noted that his company had not raised prices). ""Demand is up and supply is tighter than it has ever been.""
Every era has a shortage that shows its priorities.
Previously:• This new hard seltzer is made from the whey waste of Greek yogurt• Lead found in protein powders




		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: Most web hosts treat your website like a subscription. PawnHoster's King Plan would rather take your money…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: This HP EliteBook comes with a range of professional features you can depend on…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: Get lifetime access to 1min.AI's Advanced Business Plan for $59.97 (MSRP $540) and use ChatGPT,…        READ THE REST

Read the rules you agree to by using this website in our Terms of Service.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program
                        designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Boing Boing uses cookies and analytics trackers, and is supported by advertising, merchandise sales
                        and affiliate links. Read about what we do with the data we gather in our Privacy Policy.
Who will be eaten first? Our forum rules are detailed in the Community Guidelines.
Boing Boing is published under a Creative Commons license except where otherwise noted.
Privacy Manager"
33,2026-06-03,"At Yahoo Finance, you get free stock quotes, up-to-date news, portfolio management resources, international market data, social interaction and mortgage rates that help you manage your financial life."
34,2026-06-03,"Elon Musk's SpaceX has said it is even more valuable than anticipated as it approaches a public stock listing set for next week.
In a filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission detailing its plans for an initial public offering (IPO), SpaceX said its shares should go for $135 (£100) each, ratcheting up its own valuation of the firm to roughly $1.75tn.
Setting an estimated price for its stock listing so far in advance is a rare move, and the amount represents a large increase in SpaceX's previous valuation of $1.25tn earlier this year.
The revelation does not mean its shares will sell for the proposed price, as this will ultimately be decided by buyers. The price could go up or down.
SpaceX, which builds space exploration rockets and infrastructure but also owns xAI and Starlink, revealing its estimated share price more than a week before its public debut is unusual.
Companies typically only share an estimated sell price the day before they begin trading on the open market.
SpaceX is expected to start trading on the Nasdaq stock index on 12 June, making its price estimate one of, if not the earliest price estimates, in stock market history. The company is aiming to raise $75bn, the most ever for an IPO.
Should the company's shares sell at or above the expected $135 price, it will immediately become one of the most valuable companies in the world. 
And Musk, who controls more than 80% of SpaceX with his own stock holdings in the firm, could become a trillionaire.
However, such an outcome is not certain.
According to data from Dealogic, which conducts research on the capital markets, almost half of companies that have gone public in the last 30 years have seen their value decrease compared to when they listed.
""There is no doubt the valuation is incredibly rich,"" Samuel Kerr, head of equity capital markets research at Mergermarket, said.
He noted that SpaceX was pricing itself compared to its sales at a ratio that is higher than any other major company included in what investors refer to as the ""Mag 7"" - Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Meta, Nvidia, Microsoft and Tesla, another of Musk's companies.
""But SpaceX is being valued on future earnings and revenue rather than the here and now, so some investors might be willing to overlook that,"" Kerr added.
Last year, Space Exploration Technologies - as SpaceX is officially known - brought in $18.6bn (£13.8bn) in revenue but had a net loss of $4.9bn.
In the first three months of this year, it achieved $4.7bn in sales but made a net loss of $4.3bn. Its balance sheet shows it has $102bn in assets, such as rockets and other equipment, but also carries $60.5bn of debt.
Besides space exploration, the company is investing heavily in artificial intelligence (AI), social media, space-based internet services and data centres.
Earlier this year, SpaceX acquired xAI, another one of Musk's businesses which is known for its Grok chatbot.
xAI started as part of X, formerly known as Twitter, and used its access to live text and information on the platform for AI training data.
Musk has long believed that developing infrastructure in space is the best way to secure the resources needed to power AI, given that land on Earth is scarce.
He has outlined plans to launch AI satellites and eventually build data centres in orbit.
Ruth Foxe-Blader, managing partner at US venture capital firm Citrine Venture Partners, previously said that the sheer number of projects SpaceX was taking on was appealing.
""SpaceX is just an absolutely sprawling, enormous project with so many different selling points, and so many points that really point to the future,"" Foxe-Blader said.
Additional reporting by Osmond Chia
Suffolk MP Jess Asato claims the firm's tool Grok was used to create fake images of her in a bikini.
New York and New Jersey are looking into the association after fans have reportedly been ""misled"" over ticket sales and seat locations.
The largest and most powerful rocket in history blasted off after its first attempted launch was postponed.
Elon Musk's SpaceX has successfully launched its Starship V3 rocket, which landed in a planned fiery explosion on Friday.
Social media platforms used to be about communication between friends. The business model is to increase the time people spend on their apps and increase ad revenue.
Copyright 2026 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
35,2026-06-03,"Colombian lawyer and presidential candidate Abelardo de la Espriella, who secured the most votes in the first round of Colombia’s elections, on Wednesday tha..."
36,2026-06-03,"A stronger dollar, higher energy costs and market uncertainty are putting pressure on currencies across Asia.
The battle over the Strait of Hormuz is triggering a new economic shock in Asia.
As oil prices rise and investors flee to the safety of the US dollar or gold, currencies are weakening across the continent.
The Indian rupee and Philippine peso have fallen to record lows.
Indonesia’s rupiah is now weaker than it was at the depths of the Asian financial crisis.
From Japan to South Korea, central banks have burned billions of dollars trying to slow the slide.
For economies that rely heavily on imported energy, a weaker currency means higher costs, from fuel to food.
Save
Share
Follow Al Jazeera English:"
37,2026-06-03,"Login

Vlad 
03 June 2026


Google AI

Google's parent company Alphabet has just announced that it plans to raise $80 billion and invest that money in scaling its AI infrastructure. Alphabet will basically sell its own stock to get the cash, with a $30 billion public offering, a $40 billion program allowing the company to sell stock over time, and a $10 billion private placement investment from Warren Buffet's Berkshire Hathaway.
Alphabet revenue grew 22% year-on-year to $110 billion in the first quarter of this year, while Google reached 350 million paid subscriptions in that quarter across its services.
Alphabet expects its capital expenditures to reach $180-190 billion in 2026, with a significant increase over that in 2027, and the $80 billion will contribute to the company funding its investments ""in a balanced way while retaining a healthy balance sheet"", according to the official press release on the matter, which is linked below.
Source (PDF)
Nothing lasts forever, and that includes multinationals... hehe...
The bubble needs to burst, but apparently the kool-aid is so good they are not ready to let go yet.
Money Laundry Daily Weekly Yearly Decadely since Dot.com bubble



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2026 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use

"
38,2026-06-03,"In every major technology cycle, there comes a moment when the numbers stop looking like projections and start looking like history being made in real time. ..."
39,2026-06-03,Broadcom shares edged higher ahead of the company's earnings on Wednesday.
40,2026-06-03,Alphabet's planned $80 billion stock sale puts a new price tag on the AI race as Google's cash machine taps Wall Street to keep up.
41,2026-06-03,
42,2026-06-03,"Create an account to share your reaction and engage with the community.
By signing up, you agree to Highsnobiety’s Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Already have an account?Sign in
This weekly guide sorts the very best from the rest when it comes to the saturated world of sneaker releases, with information on release dates and where to buy. Please note: Some sneakers may sell out at speed.
Raffles, friends and family releases, and player exclusives — all of that before a mere mention of the many fire general sneaker releases out there. The world of sneaker drops can be a tricky place to navigate, but we’re here to help. Behold, the best of the best of what's arriving on shop floors this week.
Among other highlights, this week’s selection sees a bunch of cool collaborations roll in: next chapters in the books of established partnerships like between New Balance x Stone Island, and adidas x Coca-Cola, as well as premier link-ups, like in the case of ASICS x Hidden NY.
The cream of the sneaker crop awaits you. What are you waiting for?
Release Date: Available now
Editor's Notes: Built for endurance and adventure, Salomon has made a business of delivering sneakers that do more than look the part. In this case, the X-ALP Woven does both. Drenched in a sunkissed yellow with hits of ""garden green"", this is undoubtedly a performance sneaker that was made for the summer months. The woven upper keeps you feeling cool, while looking it.
Release Date: June 6
Editor's Notes: adidas and Coca-Cola sure know how to blend two iconic brands together to create a collab that should be awful, but is actually great. The Predator Sala in particular, that is. With its sporty, almost soccer aesthetic,  this Diet Coke inspired sneaker features a droplet effect that nails that moment when you crack open a cold can on a warm day, subtle, but honestly, kind of genius.
Release Date: June 4
Editor's Notes: New Balance and Stone Island have been steadily collabing on truly great sneakers since 2021, and the 1890 is no exception. This pair feels like the best of both worlds, New Balance’s comfort and chunky silhouette meets Stone Island’s taste for tech and the unexpected details. It’s a collab that actually feels like a collab, not just a logo swap.
Release Date: Available now
Editor's Notes: adidas knows there's power in the Samba's wearability – it’s a shoe that’s become uniform at this point. But there was always a time and a place for the laid-back skinny sneaker. The Samba Bowling changes that. Same contrasting leather and suede accents, same Samba-like toe, same iconic Three Stripes. The only difference really is the platform it all lives on.
Release Date: Available now
Editor's Notes: Vans and skate shoes go hand in hand, we know this. But there’s more to the brand than you might realize; it’s actually pretty damn good at performance sneakers, too. The Crosspath XC is every bit as functional as its competitors, while still managing to keep that signature Vans attitude alive and well.
Release Date: Available now
Editor's Notes: The Air Liquid Max made a splash when it initially dropped. Now, Nike is swapping out the swampy green for a taste of heat. That renowned air unit sole will once again leave you wondering how on earth you’re staying upright. Like its predecessor, people are either going to love this feature, or absolutely hate it. No middle ground here. 
Release Date: June 5
Editor's Notes: ASICS and Hidden NY aren’t here to play it safe. For their GEL-KINETIC 2.0 collab, the New York tastemakers go full “Past, Present, Future,” bridging Y2K nostalgia with Y3K fantasy. The colorway does wonders, too. Crisp white with hits of bright green, clean enough for a tennis tournament, ready for the track, and just as suited for the street.
Highsnobiety has affiliate marketing partnerships, which means we may receive a commission from your purchase. Want to shop the products our editors actually love? Visit HS Shopping and subscribe to Shopper for recs on all things fashion, footwear, and beauty.
As Highsnobiety's Shopping Writer, Patrick translates cultural and consumer shifts into compelling shopping content that lives at the intersection of editorial storytelling and commercial partnership.
He studied at University of Westminster, London and has since reported for an array of fashion and culture magazines. 
Irish accent included.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you."
43,2026-06-03,"Hidden inside Meta’s (META) massive advertising machine is a product suite already at a $20 billion annual revenue run rate. This value optimization suite, adopted by businesses for its performance, has more than doubled in the last year. It represents a powerful new layer of monetization, scaling quietly beneath the surface of the core social apps.
This is why the upside case centers on revenue. The compounding is not just from user growth, but from new tools that fundamentally improve ad performance and advertiser ROI. If this engine continues to scale, it carries the entire financial model higher.
That’s the story. The question is whether it’s strong enough to deliver real upside from here, or whether today’s price has already absorbed most of the optimism. Mostly yes. A conservative 3-year scenario points to roughly 78% of upside potential in META, and the operational story carries it. Revenue compounding does the work; the multiple barely moves. Here is the operational picture the math sits on top of:
*LTM: Last Twelve Months

How Compounding Builds The Upside
Revenue compounds at 22.3% annually, taking the top line from $215.0B to $392.8B over three years. That is a step down from the LTM 26.2% pace, because today’s acceleration is unlikely to extrapolate cleanly over three years.
Margins ease from 32.8% to 31.9% as today’s LTM gives back a little to the longer-run average. Together, that takes earnings from $70.6B to roughly $125.4B, a 78% jump.
The multiple is asked to do nothing: it holds near today’s 21.5x. Apply that to the higher earnings and the stock lands near $1061.36, a market cap of $2.7T against $1.5T today. That is roughly 78% above where the stock trades now.
Has revenue compounding been the lever driving META’s recent move? See the lever breakdown.
What Could Accelerate The Top Line?
The next revenue layer could come from business AIs, where weekly conversations have grown to over 10 million. Management is already signaling future monetization, suggesting potential for commission structures or a premium offering. This represents a new, direct monetization path beyond advertising.
What Could Slow It Down?
The primary risk is the sheer scale of capital spending without a clear timeline for returns. Management raised its 2026 capital expenditures forecast to a range of $125 billion to $145 billion. Crucially, the company is not providing a specific outlook for 2027 CapEx, conceding it has continued to underestimate its compute needs.
Is The Compounding Real?
For the case to play out, revenue has to keep compounding near 22.3%, a step down from today’s 26.2% but still firmly positive. The multiple is not asked to do anything dramatic, which is what makes the case defensible.
The path to monetizing business AIs is clear, making the massive capital expenditure increase a necessary, if uncertain, investment.
Should You Invest In Meta Platforms?
A careful 3-year case on a single name is still a concentrated bet, as historical volatility across past market crises shows. Investors who build analyses like this on individual positions often want the same framework running across a diversified book, partly for discipline, partly because even the cleanest single-stock thesis can break for reasons the math does not capture.
The Trefis High Quality (HQ) Portfolio combines analytical rigor with a forward-looking view across 30 stocks, with a consistent selection framework and a sizing and re-balancing discipline designed to deliver upside without the single-name risk you just read through here.
By selecting 30 high-conviction stocks, the HQ strategy has historically outpaced the S&P 500, S&P Mid-cap, and Russell 2000.

Wayfair Stock 5-Day Winning Spree: Stock Climbs 27%


Cleanspark Stock 7-Day Winning Spree: Stock Climbs 38%


Seagate Technology Stock On Fire: Up 19% With 5-Day Winning Streak


5-Day Rally Sends Enphase Energy Stock Up 50%


Stocks Trading At 52-Week Low


S&P 500 Stocks Trading At 52-Week Low


Mid Cap Stocks Trading At 52-Week High


Small Cap Stocks Trading At 52-Week High


S&P 500 Stocks Trading At 52-Week High


Large Cap Stocks Trading At 52-Week High



						Stress Testing META: Historical Drawdowns and Macro Risks
					



						Meta Platforms Stock Hits Key Support – Buying Opportunity?
					



						How META Stock Rises To $1,000
					



						5 Catalysts to Monitor Over In The Next 2 Quarters For META Stock
					



						Stronger Bet Than Alphabet Stock: META Delivers More
					



						Time To Buy The Dip In Meta Platforms Stock?
					



						META Stock: The Math Behind The Upside
					



						Meta Platforms Stock Near Crucial Support – Buy Signal?
					



						How Can Meta Stock Fall 30%?
					



						Why META Could Outperform Alphabet Stock
					



						How Low Can META Really Go In A Market Crash?
					



						How Low Can META Really Go In A Market Crash?
					

©Copyright 2026 Insight Guru Inc. All Rights Reserved.
By using the Site, you agree to be bound by our Terms of
		Use.  Financial market data powered by Quotemedia.com.
		Consensus EPS estimates are from QuoteMedia and are updated every weekday.
		All rights reserved.

		NYSE/AMEX data delayed 20 minutes.  NASDAQ and other
		data delayed 15 minutes unless indicated.
		"
44,2026-06-03,"Scott Pelley, the veteran ""60 Minutes"" correspondent, was fired from CBS News on Tuesday.
It comes after Pelley condemned the broadcaster's editor in chief, Bari Weiss, at a heated staff meeting on Monday, according to audio obtained by Status and The New York Times.
He accused her of ""murdering"" the iconic program. ""She was brought in to kill it, and she's doing exactly that,"" Pelley said in the recording.
A day later, the show's executive producer, Nick Bilton, wrote to Pelley to inform him that he had been terminated.
""Your antipathy to the future of the show has come through loud and clear,"" Bilton wrote in a lengthy memo seen by Business Insider's James Faris.
Here's what smart people in media and politics are saying about the decision and its impact on ""60 Minutes.""
Stelter, the widely followed CNN media commentator, described Pelley's firing as like ""an underwater earthquake at CBS News.""
""It's not going to be visible on TV right away, but this is bound to have many ripple effects, and maybe a legal battle,"" Stelter said in an appearance on CNN.
The former Fox News anchor criticized the length and tone of Bilton's memo to Pelley.
""'Dear Mr. Pelley: You're fired, effective immediately' would have been far more impactful and less needy,"" Kelly wrote in an X post on Tuesday evening.
Chris Cillizza, a former CNN political reporter who now produces a Substack and YouTube channel, said CBS had little option but to fire Pelley. 
""How can he NOT be fired? He said his direct boss and the woman who runs the network are 'murdering' '60 Minutes' and aren't qualified to do their jobs,"" he wrote in an X post.
""Like in what profession would he not be fired???""
Ashlee Vance, the former Bloomberg reporter known for his biography of Elon Musk, was unconcerned about Pelley's departure.
""The heart and soul of 60 Minutes has been feeling dated for 20 years,"" he said on X. ""Everything is going to be just fine and likely better.""
T. Becket Adams, who writes for publications including The Hill, suggested it was ""almost weird"" when star journalists face repercussions for their actions.
""Rare when management in media acts the way normal people expect it to,"" he said in an X post.
""No manager would tolerate this type of behavior at a Walmart all-hands meeting, yet we've become accustomed to rank unprofessionalism in journalism.""
John Jackson is a commentator and military veteran who says he fought in Ukraine.
In an X post, he said he admired Pelley and praised the importance of his reporting on Izium, a Ukrainian city on the front lines of the war with Russia.
""I like to think after seeing Ukrainians and their resolve, it was even harder to bend the knee to Trump and sacrifice his principles,"" Jackson wrote.
Katie Miller worked as Mike Pence's communications director during his vice presidency and for the Department of Government Efficiency.
""Scott Pelley greatly overplayed his hand,"" she said in an X post.""There isn't a market for his type of $5 million a year biased journalism. This is what happens when you work to become the story instead of report on it.""
""60 Minutes viewers are boomers who like their consistent Sunday evening programming,"" said Mitchell Jackson, a public relations consultant and strategist, known for representing divisive figures such as Candace Owens.
""This will impact ratings.""
""Bari Weiss and company cannot manage — or handle PR. Firing him for cause promises a monthslong fight,"" he added, calling the situation a ""mess.""
Tim Miller, who was prominent in Jeb Bush's 2016 presidential campaign, said on X that ""60 Minutes"" doesn't ""really have another Pelley in the pipeline talent-wise.""
""Survival on reputation and ticking clock nostalgia has its limits,"" said Miller, who now works for anti-Trump site The Bulwark.
Miller said the show can only have so many ""mid"" interviews with the likes of Benjamin Netanyahu and Pete Hegseth, ""before it turns into a Sunday morning show.""
The Bulwark is a news and politics website that is often critical of President Donald Trump.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
45,2026-06-03,"Last summer, I planned what I thought would be an epic adventure. An amazing trip with my husband and four kids for my 50th birthday. My sister and her family decided to come too, and then my brother and my mom.
We planned to start in Spain, travel up through France, and end in England. We were going to have twenty days of family time and memory-making. I envisioned a raucous party, strolling across Europe, eating tapas and baguettes, sipping Sancerre and Rioja.
But we all know what they say about the best laid plans.
We flew to Madrid, and everyone got to choose an activity that they really wanted to do.
My daughter decided to go to the Reina Sofía museum, which everyone loved. I forced the 12 of us to go to a flamenco show that turned out to be marvelous. We took a train north and lounged at the beach, watching the surfers and giggling at the European casual beach nudity. My dream vacation was a reality.
Sure, my 19-year-old was grumpy and didn't appreciate the tight quarters. My 15-year-old decided to sit some things out, preferring to watch TikTok videos in the hotel room. Yes, these were bellwethers. I should have seen the storm coming.
By the time we got to Paris, just one week into our trip, spirits had begun to flag. Breakfast at the French bakery was just my mom and me; everyone else slept in. A trip to the Louvre ended in a screaming match.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Are my kids ungrateful brats? Um, sometimes. But also, I should have known. Four teenagers stuffed into a small hotel room with their parents? It's a one-week max operation. My kids also have some neurodiversities that make them more sensitive to noises and crowds. Looking back, I see that those were not ideal circumstances for the ""big raucous party"" I had planned.
It was no one's dream but my own to travel across Europe. My husband's ideal trip is to relax at an all-inclusive resort. My son would love to ride roller coasters at a theme park. My daughter prefers a big city.
On top of that, asking everyone to be together in a small hotel room is often difficult under the best circumstances. People also don't think about how stressful travel can be for many. You don't have your ""things,"" food is unpredictable, beds can be uncomfortable, so people aren't getting a good rest, and you're hauling all your crap around. These are all things that stand out loud and clear to me now.
Over our entire three-week trip, I'm not sure I got a single photo of everyone looking happy at the same time. That said, I know the memories we made are ones I will always treasure.
The boat trip down the Seine with Edith Piaf music playing in the background. Trying to make the Beefeaters react in London. Getting lost and taking a looooong walk in San Sebastian. My mom spending precious time with her grandkids. All seven cousins aged 10 to 19 shopping at the Spanish market. Sipping champagne with my sister on the beach. All of these are things I'll treasure, and the bad stuff will slowly fade away.
But, the one thing that I'll make sure won't fade is the important lesson I learned: When you're taking a trip with teenagers, a week is the ideal length.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
46,2026-06-03,"A series exploring the companies, leaders, and workers who are at the forefront of the AI supply-chain revolution.
AI is modernizing supply chains by suggesting more efficient delivery routes, tracking energy use, and increasing access to quality products. Still, the broader logistics industry is in the early stages of AI implementation.
""Tools have developed faster than what the internal capability has,"" said Anastasia Kouvela, a managing director and partner at Boston Consulting Group. She said there is a skills gap in the logistics-data discipline, a lack of trust in advanced algorithms, and a shortage of soft skills needed to explain AI decisions to customers, all of which hinder logistics companies' abilities to implement AI.
To get ahead of these challenges, the San Francisco-based freight forwarding company Flexport has made AI upskilling a key focus. The company sells software that gives global logistics companies greater visibility, organization, and control over the movement of their goods.
Since the start of 2025, the company's vice president of engineering, Alex Nederlof, has offered an in-house 90-day training program for employees across departments like human resources, legal, and operations, so they can learn to use AI to build tools that make their work more efficient.
Nederlof, who also heads Flexport's AI platform team, launched the upskilling program in January 2025 to automate repetitive tasks like sending emails, extracting information from PDFs, and filling out forms.
Staffers who participate in Flexport's upskilling course must commit to automating a specific part of their workflow, said Nederlof. They learn to use LLMs, such as OpenAI's ChatGPT and Anthropic's Claude, and AI agents to build and run automated tools. They don't need to code themselves; instead, they vibe code by prompting an AI system to build what they need.
""I went from zero coding experience to building automations that are shaping companywide initiatives — in a matter of months,"" said Jenna Ward, a senior program manager in operations at Flexport.
Nederlof said he aims to teach non‑engineers to behave like product engineers. They need to think about security and how to be good software engineers, including how to properly test products and design them so that human input and monitoring are always part of the process, he said. It's up to employees if they want to participate, Nederlof said, but they need to apply and get their manager's sign-off.
Recent projects have included a vibe-coded app that automatically checks customs forms, a process that traditionally requires employees to check individual forms for each customs entry, and a Q&A chatbot for frequently asked employee questions that HR staffers built, Nederlof said. These tools replace external software, which reduces Flexport's bill for software-as-a-service products, he added.
AI's capabilities have advanced dramatically over the past few months. For example, Flexport's engineering team initially thought it would take six months to fully automate emails, but one engineer needed only three days due to the rise in vibe coding.
As such, Nederlof decided to reshape the upskilling course. In January 2026, he updated the program to have two levels for all departments, including legal and HR. He said it is now constantly evolving as new AI techniques and tools are released, such as popular chatbots and software automation tools like n8n and GitHub. At each level of the training course, participants face fewer restrictions on what they can build and which tasks they can build for, he said.
Since debuting his course, Nederlof said he has had other companies reach out to learn how to implement something similar. His advice, he said, is to identify people with an aptitude for building automation quickly, ensure they have access to good technology, and put guardrails in place so they can build without making silly mistakes.
""These people live in every part of your organization. Drop your preconceived notion of who might be eligible. From ops to recruitment to finance, I've seen success stories everywhere,"" Nederlof told Business Insider.
Addressing the broader concern that AI will make much of the workforce redundant, as companies need fewer people to do the same amount of work, Nederlof said that Flexport's upskilling program will help departing staffers get their next job.
He said that he tells his workers that if they switch careers, they can tell their new employers, ""I carry the same value as four other operators. I am a four‑person team, because of the tools that I have,"" because of what they are able to build with AI and the product-engineering mindset they learned at Flexport.
The company offers upskilling to all staffers — those who do and don't take part in the AI-specific course — through a content library for self-guided learning on topics like AI, logistics, and management. Flexport also encourages employees to share videos, tutorials, and workflows in a dedicated Slack channel, said a spokesperson for the company. The AI upskilling program, on the other hand, requires dedicated time and has a formalized curriculum.
This kind of fluency in technology and AI is increasingly a prerequisite for supply-chain job postings, said Kouvela, adding that it can be a competitive edge — for workers, and for the businesses that hire them.
Companies that invest early in their people will be the ones able to squeeze out inefficiencies, respond to crises faster, and ultimately deliver better service to their customers, Kouvela said.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
47,2026-06-03,"
					By Liz Shackleton 
pmc-media-editor-2024

	Thailand’s Creative Economy Agency (CEA) is launching a fully-fledged contents market and pitching event this summer – Bangkok International Content Market (BICM) – with dates set for July 20-22. 

	Focusing on film, series and animation, the new event will include content pitching sessions and awards, an industry conference and networking platform, along with an exhibition space for around 500 studios, creators and creative businesses. It will take place at Queen Sirikit National Convention Center (QSNCC) in the centre of Bangkok. 

	Organisers said the event “aims to create new business opportunities and expand Thai content networks into global markets.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Thailand's Content Project Market Wraps Busy Second Edition As Local Industry Builds Momentum		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Thailand's Creative Economy Agency To Host Second Edition Of Content Project Market In Bangkok		
			







	It will take place alongside Thailand Content Market 2026, organised by Thailand’s Department of International Trade Promotion (DITP), which spans 12 creative industry sectors, including film, television, animation, games, characters, books, toys and production services. 




			Watch on Deadline		






	BICM replaces the pitching and projects market, Content Project Market, that CEA has held in Bangkok for the past two years. 

	The pitching platform will feature more than 55 selected film, series and production-ready projects from Thailand, the wider Asia Pacific region and BICM’s partner networks. 

	The BICM Pitching Awards – including Asian Project Pitching, Thai Project Pitching, and Thai Story Pitching – will offer total prizes worth around $20,000 to support selected projects in advancing toward production. 

	CEA Executive Director Dr. Chakrit Pichyangkul said: “Bangkok International Content Market 2026 marks a significant step in systematically elevating Thailand’s content marketplace to the international level. 

	“More than simply a showcase platform, BICM2026 is designed to strengthen networking and build a sustainable ecosystem for Thailand’s content industry by connecting creators, investors, and international partners to generate tangible business opportunities and long-term collaborations. Through this platform, CEA aims to transform Thai content and storytelling into sustainable economic value for the country.”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong.
Comment 
Name 
Email 
Website 
 



Δ
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
48,2026-06-03,"POISED TO ENRICH WHITE HOUSE OFFICIALS WHO HOLD MILLIONS IN STOCK...

 
 
 
 (Second column, 2nd story, link)

 

 

 
 Related stories:SPACEX targets $135 IPO price at valuation of $1.77 trillion...
MUSK EXPECTED TO BECOME WORLD'S FIRST TRILLIONAIRE...…"
49,2026-06-03,"It's been a few years since the Sony WH-1000XM5 headphones debuted. However, these are still a fantastic pair to own, offering impressive sound and excellent ANC. In fact, we loved these headphones in our review, praising the audio quality, powerful ANC, and long battery life.
Despite being worth the full retail price of $400, we always recommend picking them up when they are on sale. Right now, you can grab a pair for just $248, which is one of the lowest prices we've seen. If you've been looking to buy a new pair of headphones, now's going to be a good time. 
Sony has been dominating in audio products for a few years now, offering some of the best headphones and earbuds on the market. As stated before, the WH-1000XM5 launched way back in 2022, but that doesn't mean they still aren't worth picking up in 2026. 
The headphones are sleek thanks to their subtle design and are comfortable to wear thanks to the plush ear cups. The audio quality is fantastic, with support for popular codecs like SBC, AAC, and LDAC. You also get impressive ANC, which can easily block external noise. 
Call quality is also quite good, with voices sounding clear during conversations. There are also touch controls on the headphones to keep you from digging for your phone, which will allow you to change tracks, adjust the volume, or answer calls. 
You can expect up to 30 hours of battery life, and a quick three-minute charge will provide three hours of use. The headphones can also be connected to two devices at once, making it seamless to switch from one device to another. 
For the most part, you can't go wrong here. There's a lot to love about the WH-1000XM5 headphones, especially at this price. Just be sure to act fast so you don't miss out. 
These Sony headphones really deliver everything you want at a price that's easy to afford. Get it now for just $248, which is well below its usual retail price. 
 "
50,2026-06-03,"ByAntonio Pequeño IV,
Forbes Staff.
Elon Musk’s SpaceX is aiming to raise $75 billion in its highly anticipated initial public offering, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing, which would value the AI and space company at roughly $1.77 trillion.
SpaceX aims to sell around 555.6 million shares for $135 per share, according to the filing.
Musk’s company is expected to begin trading on June 12, though it could adjust its IPO price before then. 
The IPO could be the largest of all time, potentially surpassing the IPO valuation record of $1.7 trillion set by Saudi Aramco seven years ago.
It appears very likely, as he owns 42% of SpaceX’s common stock and 350 million stock options, all of which would be worth $688 billion if SpaceX maintains its $135 trade price.
If estimates about SpaceX’s valuation hold, the company would top massive market capitalizations held by Tesla ($1.59 trillion), Meta ($1.58 trillion) and Samsung ($1.54 trillion).
We estimate Musk’s net worth at $826 billion, eclipsing the world’s second wealthiest person, Google co-founder Larry Page, by an immense margin. Forbes estimates Page’s net worth at $292.8 billion.
SpaceX posted $18.7 billion in revenue last year, marking a 33% increase year-over-year. However, the company remained unprofitable in 2025, recording $4.9 billion in losses. Musk’s firm acquired his AI startup, xAI, this year in a move that valued the combined company at $1.25 trillion. After spending $12.7 billion on artificial intelligence last year, SpaceX is gearing up for further spending on AI alongside tech titans like Amazon, Microsoft and Meta. Musk is aiming to put data centers in orbit with SpaceX, gaining interest from Anthropic and Google as Musk has claimed the practice could give the power-intensive facilities “near-limitless sustainable power with less impact on Earth.” 
SpaceX’s Reported IPO Price Would Make Elon Musk The World’s First Trillionaire (Forbes)"
51,2026-06-03,Please enable JavaScript to proceed.
52,2026-06-03,"
					By Melanie Goodfellow 
Senior International Film Correspondent

	Canal+ began trading on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) on Wednesday as a secondary listing, fulfilling a local regulatory commitment tied to its acquisition of pan-African media and entertainment company MultiChoice Group last year. 

	Under the move, Canal+ becomes the first ever French company to list on the JSE, with the entry giving local investors access to the group’s stock with rand-denominated transactions, while its first listing remains at the London Stock Exchange (LSE) where it listed in 2024. 

	“Joining the Johannesburg Stock Exchange is a statement of our ambition and illustrates our belief in Africa’s future and its creative industry,” said Canal+ CEO Maxime Saada.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					French Entertainment Trade Union Files Law Suit Against Canal+ Over Threat To Boycott Signatories Of Anti-Bolloré Letter		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Palme D'Or Contender & Anti-Bolloré Letter Signatory Arthur Harari's 'The Unknown' Gets Warm 9-Minute Standing Ovation At Premiere		
			







	“We are proud to become the first French company ever to list in Johannesburg and the only global media and entertainment company listed on the exchange.




			Watch on Deadline		






	“Following our listing on the London Stock Exchange 18 months ago, this dual listing reinforces our ambition to be a bridge between Europe and Africa and anchors our dual-continental approach, consolidating our unique position in the global media and entertainment industry.”

	Canal+ completed its $3.2B acquisition of Multichoice in October 2025, giving it access to more than 50 countries on the African continent as well as premium sports rights and a network of local content producers.

	The Paris-based group now has operations in more than 70 countries and, per its own figures, more than 18 million subscribers in 12 countries in Europe, and another 23 million subscribers in Africa.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong.
Comment 
Name 
Email 
Website 
 



Δ
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
53,2026-06-03,"Remember Dust Moto? I covered the largely impressive Hightail electric enduro a while back. It looks like the folks at Harley-Davidson’s electric spin-off, LiveWire, took notice, too. The American e-moto maker has just bought Dust Moto.
This marks the company’s first acquisition and a strong indicator of its intent to muscle in on the rapidly growing electric off-road market. Many would say that this move was much needed, considering LiveWire’s current lineup is road-focused, which includes the likes of the One, the Del Mar, Mulholland, and, most recently, the Alpinista.
For LiveWire, which has been trying to establish itself as an independent brand in the electric motorcycle sector, separate from the classic Harley-Davidson image, this move makes a lot of sense. Company CEO Karim Donnez reiterated that fact, explaining that ""LiveWire pioneered the on-road electric motorcycle market, and this acquisition allows us to build on that leadership as we expand into off-road, continuing the journey that began with STACYC ten years ago.""
The plan, in my eyes, would be to use Dust’s electric dirt bike platform, produce it, sell it, and market it, all in-house, using LiveWire’s engineering, manufacturing, and global sales network.
I’m a firsthand witness to just how fast the electric off-road segment is expanding. Stark Future is considered one of the pioneers in this segment with its Varg motocross and Varg EX enduro models. Proper engineering and a robust sales record led to a €115 million (US$133.4 million) revenue in 2025 alone.
But we’re barely scratching the surface in this segment. There are also cheaper, beginner-friendly offerings from the likes of Sur-Ron and Talaria that cater to younger buyers.
Then, there’s the other end of the spectrum. Where on one hand, the likes of Stark have enjoyed exceptional sales numbers, LiveWire has been struggling quite a bit. The company sold just over 650 motorcycles globally in 2025, suffering significant losses. This is precisely why the move into the off-road sector seems like a no-brainer.
And here’s what people may not always understand – electric drives are often significantly better-suited for off-road conditions than on urban roads. You have instant power delivery, with no shifting, little-to-no mechanical complexity, and relatively low sound for riding around in trails and off-road recreational areas.
As for Dust Moto, the US-born startup has always been regarded highly in the motorcycle community. ""LiveWire shares our fundamental DNA as an American brand focused on performance, innovation, and putting riders first,"" said Dust’s Founder and CEO Colin Godby. ""With LiveWire’s scale, resources, and global reach, we can bring our electric off-road bike to market with a worldwide audience.""
We expect more details to follow in the second half of 2026. Whether it will be the Hightail simply rebadged as a LiveWire or a completely new motorcycle, only time will tell.
Source: LiveWire
Sign up for our FREE daily New Atlas newsletter!"
54,2026-06-03,"Impax Asset Management, an investment management firm based in London, specializing in sustainable investing, released its first-quarter 2026 investor letter..."
55,2026-06-03,"This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with Abhijay Vuyyuru, a product manager at Google. He lives in San Francisco and is in his early 30s. The following has been edited for length and clarity.
My goal was always to work in Big Tech, but the journey wasn't easy — even with a Harvard degree.
After earning my bachelor's degree in India in 2017, I worked in data science and product manager roles in Europe until 2022, when I moved to the US to pursue an MBA at Harvard Business School.
When I graduated from Harvard in 2024, I was pretty bummed. It felt like all my classmates had fancy jobs lined up, while I was still searching.
I really believe in manifestation. In my Harvard application, I wrote that I wanted to work at a Big Tech company like Apple or Google — and I eventually did both. But the path to get there wasn't straightforward.
Business Insider is speaking with workers who've found themselves at a corporate crossroads — whether due to a layoff, resignation, job search, or shifting workplace expectations.
Share your story by filling out this form, contacting this reporter via email at jzinkula@businessinsider.com, or via Signal at jzinkula.29.
After enrolling at Harvard in 2022, I started thinking about landing a summer internship. I assumed the process wouldn't be too difficult, so I waited until December to start actively looking. I applied to a lot of roles, but I was mostly getting automated rejections.
It took me some time to realize how different the job search process was compared to India, where companies often visit campuses and evaluate candidates directly. In the US, the search felt much more network-driven — I had to reach the right person to have a chance.
Take smart steps toward the goals you've been thinking about.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
I decided to change my strategy by identifying hiring managers on LinkedIn and reaching out directly. Out of 100 messages, maybe eight people would reply, and one might turn into a legitimate lead.
One LinkedIn message to a hiring manager at Apple led to a response and ultimately helped my application get a closer look. I started a three-month product manager internship at Apple in May 2023, which I was really excited about.
After finishing my internship, I was interested in working for Apple full-time after graduation, but I was informed there was no head count available on the team. I was told to stay in touch in case circumstances changed, but I assumed that probably wouldn't happen anytime soon. So I started actively looking for a full-time role to begin after graduation.
Around the time I graduated from Harvard in May 2024, the job market felt extremely challenging. There didn't seem to be many openings for the product manager roles I was targeting, and I struggled to gain traction with my applications.
In January of my final semester, I started an unpaid externship at a venture capital firm, hoping it might help me land a full-time role. Despite feeling I did well in the role and that the company liked me, I didn't get the job.
As my search dragged on, I decided to expand beyond product manager roles. I'd taken out a big loan for graduate school, and my family was also coming to the US to celebrate my graduation. It was a weird feeling not to have a job lined up at that point.
While I didn't have a full-time role after graduation, I'd secured a product management internship at a private equity firm. I didn't realize it at the time, but that three-month internship proved to be a game changer for several reasons.
As an international student in the US, I had 90 days to find a job after graduating, or I'd have to leave the country. The internship bought me time to figure out what I wanted to do without worrying about my 90 days running out yet. It also allowed me to build work experience in the US that I could leverage as I looked for other roles.
While I was eager to land any full-time role that interested me, I still had one eye on Big Tech. It felt like I'd applied to every Big Tech role possible without breaking through, but part of me still thought, ""Hey, is there some way I could make it happen?""
One day, a friend from Harvard who had previously worked at Google shared in a group chat that their former manager was hiring for a product manager role within Google's YouTube division. I said I was interested, and they told me they put in a good word for me with the hiring manager.
After five rounds of interviews, I landed the role and started at Google in November 2024 — six months after graduating from Harvard.
My job at Google is a dream role for me, and I'm able to work on products that impact millions of people. As the company continues to invest heavily in AI, it feels like a very exciting time to be here. I've heard people say that Google has become so large that its employees are just cogs in the wheel, but I disagree. As a product manager, I'm expected to own entire business areas and think holistically about tech solutions. That's not a cog-in-the-wheel role.
My journey to Google has taught me a lot about navigating careers, and I now share advice on Instagram, LinkedIn, and YouTube, where I've built an audience of more than 750,000 followers across platforms.
If I were looking for a job today, I'd use automation tools like n8n to track job postings and automate parts of the outreach process, such as identifying hiring managers and drafting personalized messages to them. I used to write dozens of messages a day on LinkedIn, but a lot of that can be automated now.
While I haven't made money from my posts and see the biggest benefit as helping others, building an online following can also increase visibility and create new professional opportunities.
People in my circles who used to only share updates on LinkedIn when they got promoted now post much more regularly. I think one reason for that is that it's become easier to create content, partly because of AI tools. I also think there's some FOMO at play. People see their friends posting on LinkedIn and other platforms and don't want to be left behind.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
56,2026-06-03,"Imagine a family-friendly brand with the initials ""TS"" that floods the market with bespoke merchandise. Are you thinking of ""Toy Story"" or Taylor Swift?
For now, at least, they're one and the same. Swift confirmed long-simmering speculation this week when she announced her new single for the ""Toy Story 5"" soundtrack, ""I Knew It, I Knew You,"" will be released on Friday.
""You knew it! My new original song ""I Knew It, I Knew You"" for Disney and @Pixar's @toystory 5 will be yours on June 5th,"" Swift wrote on social media, making a nod to her most devoted detectives, who had collected Easter Eggs from across the internet that hinted at the collaboration for months.
""I've always dreamed of getting to write for these characters who I've adored since I was a 5-year-old kid watching the first 'Toy Story' movie,"" Swift continued. ""I fell instantly in love with Toy Story 5 when I was lucky enough to see it in its early stages, and I wrote this song as soon as I got home from the screening. Sometimes you just know, right?""
Swift's admiration for ""Toy Story"" makes sense not just because she's a millennial who grew up with the classic movie franchise. The devotion she inspires from her own fan base has a lot in common with that of Woody, Buzz, and the gang. After all, few have proved better at turning sentimental affection into a money-making empire than Pixar.
It all started in April with paparazzi shots of Swift wearing the ""Toy Story"" color palette: a blue-and-white dress, yellow bag, and red shoes. It could have easily been a coincidence. But when billboards emblazoned with ""TS,"" set against the franchise's iconic cloud background appeared, the Swiftie cipher machine kicked into high gear.
Soon after, a subtle change was made to the ""1989 (Taylor's Version)"" cover art on streaming services, swapping the seagulls above Swift's head for clouds, and Pixar shared a video of ""Toy Story"" cowgirl Jessie dancing, captioned with paraphrased lyrics from Swift's hit ""Shake It Off"" (""She's making those moves up as she goes!"").

                                    Every time Callie publishes a story, you'll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                                

                                    Stay connected to Callie and get more of their work as it publishes.
                                


                                    By clicking ""Sign up"", you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider's
                                    Terms of Service and
                                    Privacy Policy.
                                  
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Finally, a countdown appeared on Swift's website. When it expired, the site refreshed to reveal three ""collector's edition"" CDs of the ""Toy Story 5"" soundtrack, each featuring a different version of Swift's new song: standard, acoustic, and piano.
It's a strategy ripped straight from Swift's favorite promotional playbook. She's a master at manufacturing a hoopla, whipping her loyal fans into a frenzy while barely lifting a finger, then channeling that anticipation — the realization that, ""She was teasing new music! I was right!"" — to sell more merchandise.
Naturally, the CDs were only available for two days on Swift's website, or while supplies lasted. All three sold out within hours.
Only Swift could turn a massive franchise like ""Toy Story"" into her own personal promo vehicle.
""I Knew It, I Knew You"" is already being touted as a triumphant ""return to country"" for Swift, who launched her songwriting career as a teen in the Nashville country scene before pivoting to pop in her 20s. Not-so-coincidentally, ""Toy Story 5"" will hit theaters on June 19, which is the 20th anniversary of Swift's debut single, ""Tim McGraw.""
Fans are hoping that Swift will rerelease her self-titled debut album to mark its 20th anniversary later this year. Even though she took ownership of all her music last year, rendering the ""Taylor's Version"" rerecording project moot, Swift also confirmed that ""Taylor Swift (Taylor's Version)"" exists, and said she would consider releasing it ""when the time is right.""
Some of the original tracks on ""Taylor Swift"" were written solely by Swift, back when she was a curly-haired tween grappling with all the classic growing pains: crushes, cliques, feeling like an outcast, dreaming of a bigger world. What better way to build hype for Swift's walk down memory lane than by teaming up with ""Toy Story,"" a franchise that epitomizes childhood wonder, millennial nostalgia — and masterfully leverages both to make a profit?
Both Swift and the minds behind ""Toy Story"" endeared themselves to audiences through true creative genius — crafting sincere, moving, original works that appeal to a wide age range. Swift's earliest releases, including 2006's ""Taylor Swift"" and 2008's ""Fearless,"" received widespread acclaim and ushered in a new era of confessional songwriting. Similarly, 1995's ""Toy Story"" and 1999's ""Toy Story 2"" were so successful that they changed how animated movies were made and how they were appraised by critics.
Monoculture is inextricably tied to consumerism, because it matters where people spend their money. Neither Swift nor the minds behind ""Toy Story"" relied on creative output alone; they built wildly popular brands over decades through commercial savvy. In short, both are very good at getting fans to buy stuff.
Swift's volume of physical sales is unparalleled in the music industry. She uses every Billboard-approved tactic in the book to push vinyls and CDs, turning fans — of all ages, as long as they have money to burn or parents to persuade — into ravenous archivists and collectors. As one Swiftie in her 50s told me, ""There's something about Taylor, being her fan, that just makes me uncharacteristically acquisitive.""
Meanwhile, ""Toy Story"" is a series that literally revolves around physical products. The beloved characters, from Woody and Buzz to Jessie and Bullseye, are all the more appealing to kids because they exist in the real world, trapped in plastic boxes, begging to be freed and handled and played with and loved.
Together, Swift and ""Toy Story"" are the perfect storm of mass consumer appeal. It's a wonder we haven't already gotten ""You've Got a Friend in Me (Taylor's Version)"" — but if there's anything both brands have taught us, it's that there's always a chance it will end up on the soundtrack's deluxe edition.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
57,2026-06-03,"  No fees, cancel anytime 

Log In
or

Sign Up
or


Reset your password
Enter your email address or username and we’ll send you a link to reset your password
Check your inbox
 An email with a link to reset your password was sent to the email address associated with your account 
Provide email
Please enter your email to complete registration

Activate to continue
Your account isn't active yet. We've emailed you an activation link. Please check your inbox and click the link to activate your account


The Bored Panda iOS app is live! Fight boredom with iPhones and iPads here.
 Join 1.2 million Panda readers who get the best art, memes, and fun stories every week! 
P.S. It's 100% free, unsubscribe anytime.
You're on the list! Expect to receive your first email very soon!
 Get our best stories, memes and art every week. Join a thriving community and brighten your day! 
We value your inbox – it's 100% free, and you can unsubscribe anytime with one click.
 Discover trivia, brain teasers, and quirky quizzes — fresh every week! 
We value your inbox – it's free and you can unsubscribe anytime with one click.
 24 
2
Link copied!
Share
Link copied!
Share
Women have long been referred to as the “fairer s*x”, and now a major scientific study has found that people across the world consistently rate female faces as more attractive than male faces.

Researchers analyzed more than 1.5 million facial attractiveness ratings collected from dozens of countries and discovered that women were generally viewed as more attractive regardless of age, culture, race, or s*xual orientation.
The findings surprised many people for one particular reason: women themselves gave other women the highest attractiveness ratings of all.

Image credits: Drobot Dean/Adobe Stock (Not the actual photo)
The study was led by Dr Eugen Wassiliwizky and researchers at the Max Planck Institute for Empirical Aesthetics in Germany and published in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
To investigate whether women are truly perceived as more attractive than men, the team compiled data from 52 separate studies conducted across 76 countries.
In total, the researchers examined more than 1.5 million ratings involving around 17,000 faces and nearly 30,000 participants.
After reviewing the data, the researchers found a clear pattern.

Image credits: Drobot Dean/Adobe Stock (Not the actual photo)
The average female face was rated as more attractive than roughly 60-64 per cent of male faces. The trend appeared across cultures, age groups, races, and s*xual orientation.
“What is most surprising is that women give other women the highest ratings and give the lowest ratings to men,” Wassiliwizky said.
The researcher described the finding as evidence of what they called a “Gender Attractiveness Gap,” meaning female faces generally received higher attractiveness scores than male faces.
“Our findings provide robust evidence for a Gender Attractiveness Gap with female faces rated more attractive than male faces across sexes, cultures, races and age groups,” the study stated.

Image credits: Wassiliwizky et al. (2025)/Royal Society Publishing


While the study did not identify one single reason behind the gap, researchers pointed to several possible explanations.
According to Wassiliwizky, masculine facial traits are often associated with qualities such as dominance and strength.
However, those same features can sometimes be linked to perceptions of aggression, dishonesty, or lower parental investment.
“Higher testosterone levels in men, while signalling dominance, are also associated with increased risk of aggression, dishonesty or reduced paternal investment,” he explained.

Image credits: Pixel-Shot/Adobe Stock (Not the actual photo)
Female faces, on the other hand, may trigger different reactions.
“Female faces are known to elicit caregiving responses, attract visual attention and enhance perceptions of youth and beauty,” Wassiliwizky said.
Researchers also found that facial structure appeared to play a role.
Men generally have more angular and rectangular facial shapes, while women tend to have rounder faces.
The data suggested that both male and female participants often rated rounder faces as more attractive.

Image credits: Pixel-Shot/Adobe Stock (Not the actual photo)


The findings also echoed a debate that has existed for generations.
“Writers from Darwin to Dawkins have noted that, in humans, women are considered the ‘beautiful s*x’ whereas in most species, it is males who display more elaborate, visually striking traits,” the researchers wrote.

Image credits: master1305/Adobe Stock (Not the actual photo)
Researchers found that the attractiveness gap gradually decreased as faces aged.
By around age 80, the difference between how male and female faces were rated had nearly disappeared.
“The older the faces, the less we see a gap between the perceived attractiveness of male and female faces,” Wassiliwizky said.

Image credits: Artem Varnitsin/Adobe Stock (Not the actual photo)
“Male and female faces become more and more similar with age, the structural differences shrink, and this might be the reason the gap is melting.”
The researchers stress that attractiveness is influenced by a mix of biological traits, personal preferences, and social factors rather than by a single universal standard.

Image credits: olenachukhil/Adobe Stock (Not the actual photo)
While the new study focused on facial attractiveness, separate research from the CREO Clinic showed that beauty preferences can change with age.
The survey asked 1,000 Britons about the physical traits they found most attractive in a partner.
Among Baby Boomers, the ideal woman was described as blonde, with full lips and blue eyes, while the ideal man had dark brown hair, blue eyes, and a classic build.
Gen Z participants had different preferences.
They favored women with black hair and men with athletic builds, while brown eyes became increasingly popular among younger generations.

Image credits: arthurhidden/Adobe Stock (Not the actual photo)

The findings suggested that while certain patterns may appear across large populations, beauty standards continue to evolve over time.
As for the new attractiveness study, researchers said the results showed that attractiveness is not simply a matter of personal taste.
Instead, it appears to be shaped by a complex combination of biology, perception, and social influences that continue to spark debate long after the data is published.

Image credits: Svyatoslav Lypynskyy/Adobe Stock (Not the actual photo)

Image credits: Marko/Adobe Stock (Not the actual photo)
Many people argued that attractiveness involves far more than genetics alone.
“It’s not just makeup and hair, it’s also skincare, working out, going to therapy, diet, etc.,” one commenter wrote, while another said, “Skincare is your friend.”
Not everyone agreed with the study’s conclusion.
“I disagree, I find men hotter than women,” one person wrote, while another said, “Real life attraction isn’t looking at a photo. You see the whole deal, including behaviour.”















By entering your email and clicking Subscribe, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Privacy Policy. 
Thank you! You've successfully subscribed to newsletters!
 Follow us on Flipboard.com/@boredpanda! 
  
 24 
2
 24 
2
Link copied!
Share
Link copied!
Share
 Writer,  News Writer 
 This lazy panda forgot to write something about itself. 
 Writer,  News Writer 
 This lazy panda forgot to write something about itself. 
Our idea of beauty has a lot to do with the symmetry of the face, and womfaces tend to be more symmetrical. Big deal.
My last salary was $8750, ecom only worked 12 hours a week. My longtime neighbor yr estimated $15,000 and works about 20 hours for seven days. I can't believe how blunt he was when I looked up his information, This is what I do..... 𝐏­𝐚­𝐲­𝐀­𝐭­𝐇­𝐨­𝐦­𝐞­𝟏­.­𝐂­𝐨𝐦
Our idea of beauty has a lot to do with the symmetry of the face, and womfaces tend to be more symmetrical. Big deal.
My last salary was $8750, ecom only worked 12 hours a week. My longtime neighbor yr estimated $15,000 and works about 20 hours for seven days. I can't believe how blunt he was when I looked up his information, This is what I do..... 𝐏­𝐚­𝐲­𝐀­𝐭­𝐇­𝐨­𝐦­𝐞­𝟏­.­𝐂­𝐨𝐦

 1comment 30 points 
 0comments 30 points 
 0comments 30 points "
58,2026-06-03,"
The soundbar has become the default home theater upgrade for anyone who doesn’t want to fill a room with floor-standing speakers and receiver cabinets. It’s a sensible trade-off, but most soundbars operate as completely passive objects once they’re set up, reflecting nothing about what’s actually playing or offering any real interaction beyond a remote nobody can ever find. The visual side of the experience has always been an afterthought.
WiiM is entering the soundbar market for the first time with the WiiM Bar, and the defining choice it made is a 2.1-inch round touch display embedded in the center of the bar’s front face. That decision drives the entire product concept, making the soundbar itself a point of interaction rather than something you control exclusively from your phone or a remote that lives behind a couch cushion.
Designer: WiiM






The glass-covered round display sits within a gentle wave-shaped recess on the bar’s surface, showing album art, track info, the time, EQ settings, Smart Presets, and Recently Played content in a format readable from across the room. A tap plays, pauses, skips, switches sources, or selects an EQ profile without reaching for anything else. Clock faces and dynamic wallpapers take over when nothing’s actively playing.







Sonically, the WiiM Bar delivers a true 3.0.2 Dolby Atmos configuration using an eight-driver array: three front mid-woofers, three front tweeters, and two full-range drivers on top that fire upward for height effects. Four passive radiators, two on the front and two on the rear, extend the bass response. The system peaks at 135W and includes HDMI eARC alongside optical, line-in, and configurable USB audio connections.

RoomFit auto-correction measures the acoustic characteristics of the space and adjusts the output accordingly, so placement against a wall doesn’t work against the sound. A Clear Voice mode uses AI-powered dialogue separation in real time, which is genuinely useful for anyone who reaches for subtitles not because a show is quiet, but because the mix buries speech under effects. Night Mode keeps that clarity intact at lower volumes.


The 3.0.2 configuration is a starting point rather than a ceiling. Compatible WiiM devices can be added wirelessly as surrounds and a subwoofer, taking the system to a full 5.1.2 home theater without additional wiring. The WiiM Home App manages EQ, Smart Presets, and multi-room grouping, letting the bar sync with WiiM Amp, Ultra, Pro, and Mini devices across the rest of a home.


Streaming reaches over 20 services through the app, with direct casting via Spotify Connect, TIDAL Connect, Qobuz Connect, Google Cast, Roon, and Amazon Music Cast. Wi-Fi 6E covers all three bands, Ethernet offers a wired fallback, and Bluetooth 5.4 with LE Audio handles device pairing. A USB host port lets the bar serve a personal media library to other WiiM and DLNA devices on the network.
The WiiM Bar ships in July 2026, priced at $479, available for pre-order now through wiimhome.com, Amazon, and select retail partners. For a market full of soundbars that treat control as an afterthought and expansion as an expensive aftermarket exercise, it offers a fairly direct argument: an on-device touch interface, honest Dolby Atmos performance, and a clear path to a proper surround setup whenever the moment calls for it.

There is a reason Kevlar keeps showing up in premium phone accessories. The material brings a rare combination of low weight, tactile richness, and serious…
Orbitkey’s design story has always revolved around everyday friction, the loose keys in a pocket, the tangled cable in a bag, the small desktop essentials…
Given how they’re targeted at gamers, it’s not surprising that handheld gaming PCs adhere to the conventions and stereotypes of gaming aesthetics. Most have angular…
Smart hubs like the Amazon Echo and Google Home are cropping up all over the place. Considering the fact they’re all new pieces of tech,…
Having evolved from the very first true headphones designed by Nathan Baldwin in the 1890s, these listening machines are now an extension of our personality….
It may look a little odd at first glance, but it captures the Teenage Engineering design language perfectly – Nerdy + Nordic. Meet the BD-1,…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
59,2026-06-03,"
The tiny home showed up at exactly the right time. Post-2008, when the American Dream had basically become a meme, a whole generation watched housing prices climb while their salaries flatlined, and somewhere in that frustration, a 200-square-foot cedar box on wheels started looking really, really good. HGTV ran the episodes. Instagram fed the algorithm. Millennials pinned the floor plans. Tiny homes have consistently been one of the biggest, most-clicked categories on Yanko Design for years now, and that number reflects something real. When the conventional path feels rigged, you build a new one, even if it fits in a parking space.
The average first-time homebuyer in America is now 40 years old. In 1981, that number was 29. That eleven-year gap tells a specific story about a generation that expected homeownership at 29, got handed a tiny home at 30, and was told to call it a win. The term ‘Shoebox Apartment’ should tell you everything you need to know about how respectable or enjoyable micro-living actually is for most people. The backlash to tiny homes is coming, and it won’t arrive from critics or policy wonks. It’ll come from the people who actually bought one.






The numbers are staggering in a way that should make anyone uncomfortable. First-time buyers accounted for just 21% of all home purchases last year, the lowest figure recorded since the National Association of Realtors started tracking the data in 1981. Before 2008, first-timers regularly made up around 40% of the market, and the typical buyer was in their late twenties. That collapse didn’t happen because millennials suddenly decided they preferred renting. The price-to-income ratio on homes now sits at 5.5, against a benchmark of 2.6 that economists consider healthy. The market structurally closed on an entire generation, and tiny homes rushed in to fill that gap in a way that felt empowering and intentional rather than desperate. That framing was incredibly convenient for a lot of people who weren’t actually solving the problem.
Meanwhile, boomers are sitting on roughly $82 trillion in accumulated home equity and wealth, more than double what Gen X holds and four times what millennials have. A record 26% of 2025 home purchases were made entirely in cash, up from 20% the year before. Repeat buyers, now with a median age of 62, are moving through the market with resources that younger generations simply don’t have access to. So when the housing conversation gets redirected toward whether a 28-year-old can fit their entire life into 200 square feet and feel good about it, that is a deliberate choice about where collective energy gets focused. Tiny homes gave a generation something to do with their hands while the wealth gap quietly widened.

Here’s the thing nobody puts in the Instagram caption. Most tiny homes don’t build equity the way traditional real estate does. A significant share of the tiny home market, particularly Tiny Houses on Wheels, are treated by lenders more like RVs than real property, which means standard mortgages don’t apply. Financing either doesn’t exist or it comes with vehicle loan rates and shorter terms that dramatically inflate the actual cost of ownership. The land is almost always rented. The structure typically depreciates. When it’s time to sell, the resale market is thin, unpredictable, and offers nothing comparable to traditional real estate. All of that sounds manageable if you entered tiny home life as a genuine lifestyle choice with full awareness. It sounds considerably less fine when that was the only door available.
Research consistently shows that tiny homes are deceptively expensive on a per-square-foot basis, often running $300 to $400 per square foot when construction, fixtures, and systems are properly accounted for, which is comparable to or higher than conventional builds in many markets. Bankrate has pointed out that buyers missing the conventional ownership window aren’t just delaying a purchase; they’re losing years of appreciation on an asset that historically doubles in value roughly every decade. Getting locked out of traditional homeownership could cost Gen Z approximately $150,000 in lost equity over their lifetimes. A tiny home with no land, no appreciation, and no mortgage pathway is a beautifully designed object. As a long-term financial strategy, it’s a significant liability.






Around 40% of urban municipalities impose zoning or regulatory restrictions on tiny home construction, and the places with the tightest rules are overwhelmingly the ones dealing with the worst housing shortages. States with strict residential codes commonly require homes to be between 600 and 1,200 square feet, which means a 200-square-foot build doesn’t pass without special variances. Those variances require time, legal fees, and political goodwill that most individual builders don’t have. New York, New Jersey, and Georgia all maintain minimum square footage requirements that functionally prohibit tiny homes as primary residences. The cities that most urgently need affordable housing solutions have zoning laws written specifically to keep density low and existing property values protected, and tiny homes run directly into that wall every time.
The geography problem is particularly brutal. The places where tiny homes are legally viable, where land is cheap and regulations are relaxed, are almost always rural or semi-rural. That means poor access to jobs, healthcare infrastructure, transit networks, and schools. The design press loves a tiny home surrounded by pine trees and open sky. The unsexy reality is that a tiny home three hours from an employment hub solves very little for a 32-year-old with student debt and a career to build. It relocates the affordability problem geographically and reframes it as a lifestyle upgrade, which is a very different thing from actually addressing it.

From a pure planning standpoint, tiny homes placed on individual plots are a land-inefficient response to a density problem. Planting a handful of tiny homes on an acre delivers dramatically fewer units of housing than a mid-rise multi-family building on the same footprint. Researchers have also found that tiny homes consume more construction materials per capita compared to apartment buildings. Apartment blocks house more people per floor area, so even with concrete and steel involved, the per-capita resource math heavily favors density. Small structures on large lots are, architecturally, a suburban pattern. The housing crisis is overwhelmingly an urban one, and solving an urban crisis with a suburban pattern is a bit like treating a fever with a decorative fan.
Here’s where the politics get genuinely uncomfortable. Cities sometimes approve tiny home villages because neighborhood opposition to apartment buildings is too intense to override politically. When a city council greenlights ten tiny homes instead of a 60-unit mixed-income apartment building, it frequently has less to do with construction costs and everything to do with avoiding the density fight. Tiny homes photograph beautifully, signal good intentions, and change almost nothing structurally. They give local politicians a way to announce action on affordable housing without delivering anywhere near enough of it. That’s not the fault of the tiny home as an object, but it is exactly how the tiny home gets weaponized as political cover.

While the tiny home conversation has been spinning in its familiar circles, cities have been quietly executing something considerably more effective. Office-to-apartment conversions are surging, with nearly 71,000 units in the pipeline as of 2025, a record. We covered this in depth right here last month: the 90,300 offices already identified for residential conversion represent a fundamentally different philosophy about housing supply. These are buildings that already exist, sitting inside city centers, connected to transit, surrounded by employment and services. Converting them to housing requires no new land, no greenfield construction, and no fight about density because the density is already there. The infrastructure question is already answered.
Los Angeles expanded its Adaptive Reuse Ordinance citywide in late 2025, with officials estimating the move could unlock over 43,000 housing units in former office towers, including projects targeting 100% affordable housing. Chicago committed $260 million in tax increment financing for five major downtown office-to-residential conversions, with 30% of units designated affordable. The Urban Land Institute projects adaptive reuse could account for 20 to 50% of new housing supply in major American cities going forward. Converting office space to co-living cuts construction costs by 25 to 35% compared to conventional residential builds. On scale, location, economics, and sustainability, adaptive reuse operates in an entirely different league.

The backlash won’t arrive as a manifesto. It’ll show up as a 38-year-old who bought a tiny home on rented land at 30, discovered eight years later she can’t sell it for what she paid, can’t access a conventional mortgage to move up, and watched her parents’ suburban home double in value across the same window. It’s already building in Reddit threads from tiny home owners trying to figure out how to exit a purchase that lenders won’t touch. It’s in the zoning battles where municipalities keep manufacturing new reasons to say no, and in the quiet exhaustion of people who romanticized small living and discovered the romance has a specific expiration date once a second person, or a child, enters the picture.
Housing advocates have said this for years. Adequate housing was never about minimum viability. A home should be a place where people build financial security, raise families, and live with genuine dignity, not just technically survive in. When affordability gets defined downward to mean “small, impermanent, and asset-free,” the problem hasn’t been solved; it’s been repackaged. The tiny home movement grew from a real wound, and the people who built these homes did so with genuine conviction. But a generation deserves actual equity in actual cities on actual land, and no amount of shiplap and clever storage solutions changes that math. The backlash is coming. Honestly, it’s overdue.
There is a reason Kevlar keeps showing up in premium phone accessories. The material brings a rare combination of low weight, tactile richness, and serious…
Orbitkey’s design story has always revolved around everyday friction, the loose keys in a pocket, the tangled cable in a bag, the small desktop essentials…
Dubbed the Beatle, and designed by Rocky Mountain Tiny Houses, this little home is a charming dwelling amped with an eyeball-grabbing curving roofline and porthole-style…
If you like cabin-like structures, then the Hemlock is an ideal fit for you. Designed by Rover Tiny Homes, the Hemlock features an integrated covered…
Perhaps one of the best executions of shipping container architecture, Graft Architects outdid themselves. The Platoon Kunsthalle Cultural Development center is Seoul, Korea houses exhibitions,…
Nestled in the forests of upstate New York is a contemporary meditative retreat called the Tranquil Abiding. Designed by Studio MM architects, the retreat focuses…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
60,2026-06-03,"Cryptocurrency exchange Binance has shutdown its non-fungible token (NFT) platform following a prolonged downturn in the market for digital art. 
NFTs are digital art that contain a unique digital identifier recorded on a blockchain that certifies ownership and authenticity. They can also include digital baseball cards and comic books.
The NFT market peaked during the Covid-19 pandemic and saw annual trading volumes of more than $50 billion U.S. in 2022.  
But the market today generates about $5.5 billion U.S. in trading volumes following a prolonged downturn that has seen prices for NFTs collapse.  
Binance said in a statement that users must withdraw transferable NFTs from its exchange before midnight on July 3 of this year or they will no longer be able to access those assets. 
The exchange has directed users to transfer eligible NFTs to Binance Wallet or another external crypto wallet.
Privately held Binance had previously reduced its NFT offerings starting in 2024 when it became clear that the market was unlikely to recover. 
Several other NFT businesses have shutdown in recent years, including platforms such as Nifty Gateway, Kraken NFT, and X2Y2.
As a private company, Binance’s stock does not trade on a public exchange."
61,2026-06-03,"The traditional book-building process exists so Wall Street can tell you what your company is worth, but Elon would rather not know"
62,2026-06-03,"Investing

							SPOT trades at $508, down 13% year to date, despite quarterly earnings surging 222% and free cash flow jumping 55%.													

							Wall Street's $609 consensus target understates the opportunity as operating income and FCF compound above 40% annually.													

							Hitting $900 by 2027 demands EPS near $22, the MLC lawsuit settling favorably, and Ad-Supported revenue turning positive.													

The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 stocks and Spotify wasn't one of them. Get them here FREE.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Bence Bezeredy / iStock Editorial via Getty Images
Spotify (NYSE:SPOT | SPOT Price Prediction) just delivered a quarter that should have settled the bear case. Premium subscribers hit 293 million, free cash flow surged 54.6% to $824 million, and operating income climbed 40.47%. Yet shares trade at $507.76, down 12.56% year to date.
The streaming leader is firing on every operational cylinder, but the stock keeps slipping. Can Spotify reach $900 in 2027?
Management guided Q1 operating income to €660 million against a baked-in 670 bps FX headwind, and Wall Street rejected it. The stock has dropped 23.66% over the past year and slid another 2.33% in the past week, despite a 15.01% bounce off the May low. With a beta of 1.554, this stock amplifies sentiment shifts.
Add the €410 million MLC lawsuit overhang, the €975 million TME fair-value decline, and a -5% drop in Ad-Supported revenue, and the market wants to punish non-operational noise. Premium ARPU growth of just 1% in euros hasn’t helped.
The Street has a consensus target of $609.02, supported by 10 Strong Buy, 24 Buy, 7 Hold, and zero Sell ratings. That is 83% bullish. Our base case is $657.34, implying 29.46% upside with 90% confidence. Our bull case stretches to $828.30, the bear case to $569.49.
Analysts are anchoring to FX-distorted euro guidance and ignoring that quarterly earnings grew 222.4% YoY. When a business compounds operating income and FCF at 40%-plus and the multiple keeps compressing, consensus is too conservative. The Street is fighting the last quarter rather than the next four.
Reaching $900 from today’s price of $507.76 would require a gain of 77.2%. With forward EPS of $16.86, a price of $900 implies a forward P/E of 53. Our base case of $657.34 already implies 36x, meaning the bold target requires roughly 17x of additional multiple expansion.
The building blocks exist. The 247Factor lands at 1.157, lifted by strong analyst consensus and strong earnings acceleration. AI features (Taste Profile, Prompted Playlist, SongDNA) give Spotify a credible ARPU story.
The $2 billion buyback (with $1.024 billion remaining) tightens the float. Q4 2025 showed operating leverage with record gross margin of 33.1% and EPS of $4.43 against a $2.85 estimate. If FY 2027 EPS approaches $22, a 40x multiple gets you to $880, and any sentiment shift carries it further. The primary risk is a punitive MLC ruling that forces a structural royalty reset.
At $507.76 on forward EPS of $16.86, Spotify trades at roughly 30x forward. Against earnings growth of 222.4% YoY and FCF growth of 54.6%, it is the most reasonable multiple this stock has carried in years. Shares sit 22% below the 52-week high of $785 and well off the $405 low. Over the last ten years, SPOT has delivered 240.76%. The earnings power is real.
Reaching $900 by 2027 requires a 77.2% gain. That is a stretch well above our base case.
Three things need to go right: FY 2027 EPS needs to push toward $22 on Premium ARPU re-acceleration, the MLC liability needs to settle below the headline number, and Ad-Supported revenue needs to inflect positive as the Partner Program scales. A deeper FX hit or punitive royalty ruling derails it. We’ve outlined the blueprint for how Spotify could reach $900 in 2027.
Vandita Jadeja is a financial copywriter who loves to read and write about stocks. She believes in buying and holding for long term gains. Her knowledge of words and numbers helps her write clear stock analysis. She has contributed to several publications, including the Joy Wallet, Benzinga, The Motley Fool and InvestorPlace.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction | PLTR Price Prediction) just reported one of the cleanest growth quarters from a…
Webull (NASDAQ:BULL | BULL Price Prediction) is the digital brokerage Wall Street struggles to value. The platform posted 26 million…
Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META | META Price Prediction | META Price Prediction) delivered a strong earnings beat, yet shares drift lower.…
 Shopify (NASDAQ:SHOP | SHOP Price Prediction) is one of the most polarizing growth stories in software right now. The platform…
Shares of Spotify (NYSE:SPOT | SPOT Price Prediction) are down 14% in midday Tuesday trading, with the stock changing hands…
Target (NYSE:TGT | TGT Price Prediction | TGT Price Prediction) delivered the quarter bears said it couldn’t. Comparable sales jumped…
Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT | MSFT Price Prediction) just posted a quarter that should have shares ripping higher. Instead, the stock is…
Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN | AMZN Price Prediction) is knocking on the door of the $3 trillion club. At $266.32, the stock…
Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) just dropped a quarter that should have ended the debate. The company posted 70%…"
63,2026-06-03,"ByJoel Shulman,
Contributor.
Edited bySophia Acevedo,
Associate Editor.
SpaceX has filed its S-1, kicking off what is on track to be the largest IPO in U.S. history: a Nasdaq listing under the ticker SPCX and eyeing a $1.75 trillion valuation according to Reuters, with proceeds up to $75 billion. That would place it alongside Apple and Nvidia on day one. 
SpaceX is no longer a pure rocket company. It is a three-engine empire built on launch infrastructure, Starlink connectivity and a newly consolidated xAI artificial-intelligence business, each with its own economics and risk profile. What follows is a walk through its history, the headline numbers, the comparable valuations, the post-IPO scenarios and the practical investment options retail investors should weigh before SPCX begins trading.
SpaceX was founded by Elon Musk in 2002 to dramatically reduce the cost of space access and ultimately make humanity multi-planetary. It logged a string of industry firsts — the first privately funded liquid-fueled rocket to orbit (2008), the first private cargo delivery to the ISS (2012), and the first landing and reuse of an orbital-class booster (2015 to 2017). 
Ownership remains tightly held: Musk controls roughly 42% of the equity and about 85% of the voting power. The IPO finally gives public investors direct access to a business previously reachable only through private secondaries and a few crossover funds.
SpaceX filed a confidential draft registration on April 1, 2026, and made its S-1 public on May 20, 2026. SEC rules require a prospectus at least 15 days before a roadshow; the roadshow is reported to begin early June, with pricing expected June 11 and first trading on June 12, 2026. That timeline can move if the SEC requests added disclosures, demand-building needs more roadshow days or markets deteriorate. Treat June 12 as a target, and watch for the final amended S-1 with the price range from lead underwriters Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley.
•     Exchange listing: Nasdaq (and Nasdaq Texas)
•     Stock ticker: SPCX
•     Target valuation: Around $1.75 trillion 
•     Expected capital to raise: up to $75 billion
•     Latest revenue (FY 2025): $18.67 billion
Forward-looking figures, including but not limited to SpaceX revenue and EBITDA references, Starlink subscriber and revenue projections, launch-cost trajectories, IPO valuation references, S&P 500 inclusion math and the implied $300 to $400 billion forced-buying estimate, expected float estimates, and any references to potential SpaceX inclusion in the “Mag 8,” are estimates and working assumptions for educational and illustrative purposes. As of the date of this publication, SpaceX has not publicly confirmed an IPO valuation.
The figures in this article should not be read as forecasts, recommendations or company-issued guidance. Before investing, review each fund’s prospectus and most recent disclosures carefully. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Investors should consider their investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before making any investment decision.
The factors below have moved the conversation among institutional allocators: the three-engine framing, the valuation math against mega-cap tech and Rocket Lab, the revenue picture, governance and the analyst response. A peer comparison anchors where SpaceX sits against its only true public-market launch comparable.
Investors are not buying one business. They are buying three, each on different economics, timelines and moats, which is why sum-of-the-parts is the only sensible way to read the multiple. Launch is the strategic moat: Falcon 9 is the most-flown, lowest-cost orbital system in history, with Starship targeting a 60-to-80x cost reduction. Starlink — past 10 million subscribers, $11.39 billion in 2025 revenue at 60%-plus EBITDA margins — is the cash engine funding Starship and the AI losses. xAI was acquired by SpaceX in an all-stock merger in February 2026 and backed by a $1.25 billion-per-month Anthropic cloud agreement (terminable on 90 days’ notice), is the optionality engine.
At $1.75 trillion, SpaceX would price at roughly 94 times trailing 2025 revenue and about 73 times consensus 2026 estimates of $22 to $24 billion, extraordinary, but not an outlier within the launch-and-space cohort. The reference point is Rocket Lab (Nasdaq: RKLB), the only other publicly traded U.S. orbital launch company, which closed May 2026 near a $78.6 billion market cap on $602 million of 2025 revenue, roughly 131 times sales.
By that yardstick SPCX at 94x is actually cheaper, and the operational gap is wide: about 31 times Rocket Lab’s revenue, 650-plus orbital missions at a 99%-plus success rate, plus a profitable Starlink business and gigawatt-scale AI that Rocket Lab lacks. The mark has more than quadrupled in under a year — roughly $400 billion in mid-2025, $1.25 trillion at the February 2026 xAI merger, $1.75 trillion now — reflecting expectations rather than 2025 fundamentals. About 30% of the float is reserved for retail.
SpaceX reported $18.67 billion in 2025 revenue, up from about $14.1 billion in 2024 — 33% growth on a large base. Starlink contributed $11.39 billion and $4.42 billion in operating income; launch generated roughly $4.1 billion against a deliberate $657 million Starship-R&D loss; the AI segment added about $3.2 billion against a $6.4 billion loss. Consolidated GAAP net loss was $4.94 billion, with a $41.3 billion accumulated deficit as of March 31, 2026, even as adjusted EBITDA reached a positive $6.6 billion. Analysts model 2026 revenue of $22 to $24 billion.
Musk will hold the founder, CEO, CTO and chairman titles on listing day, keeping about 85% of the voting power on roughly 42% of the equity through a super-voting class. SpaceX will list as a “controlled company” under Nasdaq rules, exempt from certain independent-director requirements, and the S-1 discloses a performance grant of up to one billion additional shares tied to milestones including a million-resident Mars colony. Tesla owners know the trade-off: concentrated control has produced extraordinary outcomes but also governance disputes. Whether the founder-led premium justifies the discount is each investor’s call.
Bulls argue the three-engine framing justifies the headline valuation and increasingly position SpaceX as a potential “Mag 8” addition, citing Starlink’s high-margin growth and Starship’s market-expanding economics. Bears counter that the trailing multiple is unprecedented at this scale — a higher market cap than Meta on lower revenue than Macy’s — that the AI segment’s roughly $2.5 billion quarterly burn could suppress free cash flow for years, and that the $28.5 trillion total-addressable-market claim, 93% of it in AI, is ambitious.
Where SPCX trades after day one is a separate question from where it prices, and prediction markets have been pricing the post-IPO valuation meaningfully above the $1.75 trillion target.
The strongest structural argument for upside is index inclusion. When Tesla joined the S&P 500 in December 2020, passive funds had to buy roughly $78 billion of stock, which surged about 57% between announcement and inclusion. SpaceX could dwarf that. At a $1.75 cap it would carry roughly a 2% S&P 500 weight, implying $300 to $400 billion of mandatory passive demand against a tradeable float of perhaps $50 to $75 billion. 
The wrinkle is timing: S&P inclusion typically requires 12-month seasoning and four quarters of trailing positive earnings, which SPCX does not yet meet — though S&P Dow Jones Indices has reportedly explored a “Mega-Cap Exception.” That makes the S&P the largest pool of forced demand, but also the slowest to arrive.
The more immediate force may be the Nasdaq-100. Unlike the S&P 500, it carries no seasoning requirement, and SpaceX has reportedly made early Nasdaq-100 inclusion a condition of listing on the exchange — a fast-track that could trigger forced passive buying within days of the debut rather than months. At a roughly 5% weight against the index’s approximately $0.5 trillion in tracking assets, that implies on the order of $25 billion of mandatory demand hitting a thin early float, concentrated precisely in the window where prediction markets see the widest valuation range. The absolute figure is smaller than the S&P’s, but the speed is the point: it arrives while the float is tightest. A third vector, the FTSE Russell US indices, adds a further wave of index-driven demand at reconstitution, layering onto the first year of trading.
Working against that are two supply pressures. The standard 180-day lockup expiration tends to introduce meaningful insider supply — a basket of 15 comparable high-multiple IPOs averaged a +132% peak gain before lockup, then a -59% drawdown afterward. And the deal’s sheer size means $75 billion of paper must clear; even at 30% retail allocation, the institutional book is the largest in U.S. IPO history, and one allocator pulling back during marketing can compress the range fast.
The S-1 lists more than 70 pages of risk factors. The material ones: execution risk on Starship, which targets orbital payload delivery in the second half of 2026 after a series of explosions; regulatory risk across FAA licensing, FCC spectrum and CFIUS scrutiny of foreign Starlink deployments; and political risk tied to the CEO’s profile and federal contracting. Also weigh the $41.3 billion accumulated deficit, dilution from future raises, the 90-day Anthropic termination clause, and customer concentration in the DoD, NASA and Anthropic. 
Access narrows as the IPO date approaches, and most routes are restricted to accredited investors. Private secondary platforms (Forge Global, Hiive, EquityZen, Nasdaq Private Market) let accredited investors buy existing shares from employees and early backers, typically at six-figure minimums with 5%-plus platform fees — and those shares carry the standard 180-day post-IPO lockup, so buyers cannot sell into the window where IPO performance has historically been strongest.
The most practical route for non-accredited investors is a registered fund that already holds SpaceX: XOVR, ARK Venture Fund (ARKVX), Destiny Tech100 (NYSE: DXYZ), or the Baron Partners Fund (BPTRX), but there are fees and caveats. Two narrower routes exist — reserved-share programs through the IPO syndicate (the 30% retail allocation via brokers such as Robinhood and SoFi Invest) and direct SPV co-investment for qualified purchasers. The public vehicles preserve liquidity through the first 180 days; private secondaries and SPVs do not.
Once SPCX begins trading on June 12, 2026, retail investors can buy shares through any standard U.S. brokerage — Fidelity, Schwab, Vanguard, Robinhood, Interactive Brokers — just like any Nasdaq stock. 
But retail investors can actually gain SpaceX exposure pre IPO, through a crossover ETF or mutual fund. Many investors prefer diversified exposure; through vehicles that already hold SpaceX, with materially different fees, liquidity and accreditation requirements for each.  
I have an affiliation with Babson College, ERShares, the XOVR ETF and the Entrepreneur 30 Total Return Index (ER30TR). The intent of this article is to provide objective information. However, readers should be aware that I may have a financial interest in the subject matter discussed. 
As with all equity investments, investors should carefully evaluate all options with a qualified investment professional before making any investment decision. Private equity investments, such as those held in XOVR, may carry additional risks, including limited liquidity, compared to traditional publicly traded securities. It is important to consider these factors and consult a trained professional when assessing suitability and risk tolerance.
A representative list of SpaceX pre IPO options is shown below:
The SpaceX IPO is the most consequential U.S. listing in a generation: a $1.75 trillion Nasdaq debut under SPCX, backed by $18.67 billion of 2025 revenue, anchored by a profitable Starlink business and burdened by a $4.94 billion net loss driven mainly by AI investment. The three-engine framing — launch, connectivity, AI — is the most useful lens on what investors are buying. Prediction markets imply post-IPO valuations of $2 trillion, and on price-to-sales SPCX at 94x is cheaper than Rocket Lab at 131x. Musk’s super-voting control, the $41.3 billion accumulated deficit, and the unprecedented trailing multiple are the facts to weigh before deciding how to participate.
When Is The SpaceX IPO Date?
SpaceX is expected to price on June 11, 2026, with first trading on the Nasdaq June 12 — after the public S-1 on May 20 and a confidential draft on April 1. The date isn’t fully locked: SEC review, roadshow demand and market conditions could move it. Watch for the final amended S-1 with the price range.
What Is SpaceX’s Ticker Symbol?
SpaceX will trade on the Nasdaq — and Nasdaq Texas — under SPCX, confirmed in the May 20 S-1. Until June 12 it isn’t tradable; any price shown before then reflects pre-IPO secondary prints or synthetic derivatives, not exchange quotes.
Can Retail Investors Buy SPCX Stock Prior To IPO Launch?
Yes, there are a number of ETFs and other investment options that enable investors to gain access to SpaceX stock pre IPO.  After June 12, investors can gain access though IPO-priced shares. Roughly 30% of the float — unusually high for a mega-cap deal — is set aside for retail, distributed through syndicate-linked brokers, most prominently Robinhood. Most retail investors will buy in the open market on or after June 12 at whatever price the stock opens, which may be well above the IPO price.
Is Tesla Connected To SpaceX?
No, not yet. Some may believe a merger is a possibility in the next 12 to 24 months, but that is pure speculation and nothing has been officially announced. Tesla (TSLA) and SpaceX (SPCX) are separate companies with independent boards, capital structures and operations. When SpaceX lists, Musk becomes the first person to lead two trillion-dollar public companies at once, raising time-allocation and conflict questions the S-1 addresses.
Disclosure: This article is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute investment, legal, or tax advice, no offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security is being made, readers should consult a qualified professional before making any investment decision. Investors should consult each fund’s prospectus and most recent disclosures before investing. 
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Please refer to the following link for additional disclosures: https://lnkd.in/e29X6rN
Risk Note: Private-market valuations can be volatile. Fees, holdings, and pricing mechanisms differ by vehicle. Investors should review fund disclosures before investing."
64,2026-06-03,"
Sign up with your email below to instantly access member features, newsletters and exclusive Insider perks


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest in phones
News, deals, reviews, guides and more…
Latest in computing
News, deals, reviews, guides and more on the newest computing gadgets

Start exploring exclusive deals, expert advice and more


Member Rewards


Unlock and manage exclusive Techradar member rewards.

Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
‘It will be good for the industry,’ says Samsung's Won-joon Choi

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

2026 will be the year foldable phones sink or swim. Samsung has been chipping away at the category for several years now — its latest book-style foldable, the Galaxy Z Fold 7, is the best foldable phone money can buy — but these niche, expensive devices still represent less than 3% of the global smartphone market.
Could that be about to change? Apple is strongly rumored to be launching its first foldable iPhone, the iPhone Ultra, in September, and I’ve been itching to ask Samsung for its thoughts on whether Apple’s entry into the foldable market will boost or threaten its own success.
Given that the iPhone Ultra doesn’t exist yet, and that Samsung rarely acknowledges its competitors by name, I’ve been waiting to broach the subject with the Korean tech giant — but in my preparation for this year’s Galaxy Unpacked event, I stumbled across a revealing 2025 interview in which Samsung addresses the potential implications of a foldable iPhone head-on.
Here’s how the President and COO of the company’s Mobile eXperience (MX) division, Won-joon Choi, responded to questions posed by Bloomberg’s Shery Ahn about growing competition in the foldable market:
Shery Ahn: How does Samsung think about competition? Because you have so many Chinese makers coming out with foldables with good cameras.
Won-joon Choi: You know, rather than focusing on the competition, I think we have been focusing on our consumers. What is the experience that we can bring to consumers, and how complete are those experiences? I think healthy competition with other companies will bring more innovations, and then bring more benefits to consumers. So we are welcoming others to join this category, which we created back in 2019.
SA: Even if Apple comes out with a foldable next year, which is what people are saying, how do you keep that edge?
Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
WC: We've been doing this for many years, and we have accumulated a lot of technologies and know-how. Having another global company join this category, I think it's good for the industry, and also, it's going to be great for consumers.
Now, for obvious reasons, Samsung isn’t going to publicly admit that it’s fearful of Apple’s entry into a market that it’s dominated for years, but I do think Choi was being more honest than diplomatic in his response.
The emergence of improbably thin and lightweight foldables like the Honor Magic V3 and Oppo Find N5 forced Samsung to step up its game with the Galaxy Z Fold 7, and I expect that the market-leading IP68 durability rating of the Google Pixel 10 Pro Fold won’t be market-leading any longer once the Galaxy Z Fold 8 arrives later this year.
 



Choi’s assertion that “competition with other companies will bring more benefits to consumers” has already proven itself to be true, then; and if Apple delivers something unique with the iPhone Ultra — whether that’s a hardware- or software-related innovation — you can bet that the likes of Samsung, Honor, and Oppo will endeavor to replicate that innovation in their own future products.
As for whether “having another global company join this category” is “good for the industry,” Choi will likely be proven right about that, too.
Counterpoint Research predicts that global foldable smartphone shipments will grow 20% in 2026 following Apple’s entry into the category, and I suspect that this rise will be driven by existing iPhone users upgrading to a foldable iPhone, rather than existing Galaxy Z Fold users switching to a foldable iPhone. The market will expand, but I don't think Apple will eat Samsung's lunch (existing foldable-averse Android users aren't going to be convinced by an iOS-powered foldable, that's for sure).
Of course, Samsung won’t want consumers to forget that it stuck by and popularized foldable phones when other companies wouldn’t — just as it pioneered the large-screen phones we’ve all become accustomed to using today.
But Choi’s addendum — “we are welcoming others to join this category, which we created back in 2019” — suggests Samsung won't simply share the foldable stage with Apple without reminding buyers of its heritage in this long-existing market.
 



Follow TechRadar on Google News and add us as a preferred source to get our expert news, reviews, and opinion in your feeds. Make sure to click the Follow button!
And of course you can also follow TechRadar on TikTok for news, reviews, unboxings in video form, and get regular updates from us on WhatsApp too.
Axel is TechRadar's Phones Editor, reporting on everything from the latest Apple developments to newest AI breakthroughs as part of the site's Mobile Computing vertical. Having previously written for publications including Esquire and FourFourTwo, Axel is well-versed in the applications of technology beyond the desktop, and his coverage extends from general reporting and analysis to in-depth interviews and opinion.Axel studied for a degree in English Literature at the University of Warwick before joining TechRadar in 2020, where he earned an NCTJ qualification as part of the company’s inaugural digital training scheme.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

TechRadar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
65,2026-06-03,By Karen Brettell June 3 (Reuters) - The artificial-intelligence boom already has fueled a record stock-market surge. Now it's driving up long-term Treasury ...
66,2026-06-03,"Cyber espionage campaign targeted stock exchange executive’s Outlook account
Russia's FSB Says Foreign Spies Infected Officials' Phones With Malware
U.S. CISA adds Android and Linux Kernel flaws to its Known Exploited Vulnerabilities catalog
Google Patches Actively Exploited Android Flaw Affecting Millions of Devices
Why an HP Poly VoIP Phones Bug Could Become an Enterprise Foothold
Instagram Account Hijacks Expose the Security Risks of AI-Powered Support
U.S. CISA adds Oracle WebLogic flaw to its Known Exploited Vulnerabilities catalog
ENISA NIS360 2026: Progress Across the Board, But the Sectors That Matter Most Are Still Falling Short
GoDaddy found malware on 1,980 WordPress sites using Steam as C2 infrastructure
Ransomware Operators Keep Business Hours. The Data Proves It
CVE-2026-8732: The WP Maps Pro Flaw That Lets Anyone Create a WordPress Admin Without a Password
CIFSwitch, a Linux Root Bug Hidden in Plain Sight for 19 Years
U.S. CISA adds Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS flaw to its Known Exploited Vulnerabilities catalog
The Pentagon Finally Admits That Location Data Is a Battlefield Problem
CVE-2026-0257: Rapid7 Caught Attackers Abusing Forged VPN Cookies Against Multiple Customers
SECURITY AFFAIRS MALWARE NEWSLETTER ROUND 99
Security Affairs newsletter Round 579 by Pierluigi Paganini – INTERNATIONAL EDITION
ShinyHunters Leaks Charter Communications Data, Potentially Impacting 5 Million Customers
Signal Phishing Campaign Targets Journalists and Activists to Steal Backup Recovery Keys
Botnet of 17 Million Devices Dismantled in the Netherlands
A threat actor quietly sat inside a senior executive’s Outlook account at a major global stock exchange for roughly 150 days, from October 2025 to March 2026. 
Broadcom’s Symantec and Carbon Black threat-hunting team investigated the incident and published their findings this week. They don’t name the exchange, and they don’t attribute the attack to any known threat actor.
By quietly monitoring the mailbox, attackers could collect sensitive information on negotiations, internal discussions, calendars, contacts, travel plans, and potentially market-moving events. Researchers highlighted the case because it shows how a single compromised executive account can provide a detailed picture of an organization’s activities without attackers needing to move elsewhere on the network.
“For an espionage actor, a senior executive’s mailbox is a high-value intelligence target. An Outlook profile may yield details of external negotiations, internal deliberations, the executive’s calendar, travel pattern, and their contacts.” reads the report published by Broad Symantec. “Organizations such as exchanges and regulators may hold non-public information about listings, enforcement actions and market-moving events. Months of unfettered access to that mailbox lets an attacker build a near-complete picture of the target’s working life and the organization’s near-term direction without ever having to move laterally elsewhere on the network.”
According to the researchers, attackers are not financially motivated, the compromise is part of an intelligence operation.
The first signs of malicious activity appeared on October 10, 2025, though how the attacker got in initially remains unknown. At that point, two malicious binaries were already running on the host with SYSTEM-level privileges, disguised as Adobe Acrobat and OneDrive processes. The attacker had already done the hard part before anyone was watching.
The operation turned active on November 12, when command-and-control channels came online and data started moving. The tool at the center of everything was a wrapper around Aspose, a legitimate commercial .NET library that can parse Outlook mailbox files. The attacker used it to convert the executive’s OST file into a PST archive and push it out in dated chunks, each covering a window of a few weeks. 
“Eight further OST-extraction runs followed at roughly two-to-four-week intervals through to February 17, 2026, each time with a -t window that adjoined the previous one.” continues the report. “The cumulative effect over the five months observed is a complete, near-continuous theft of the user’s Outlook mailbox, broken into incremental archives small enough not to draw attention from security software.” 
Exfiltration went through Dropbox and OneDrive Personal to avoid rising suspicion. Both are services that appear in normal corporate traffic every day. The attacker also hardcoded Microsoft IP addresses instead of hostnames for OneDrive calls, which neatly bypasses DNS-based logging. That’s not a rookie move.
Persistence was a constant concern. The attacker re-registered scheduled tasks every few weeks under names mimicking Adobe, Lenovo, and OneDrive services. The task intervals rotated between 5-minute, 5-hour, 15-hour, and 24-hour windows. Each new registration overwrote the previous one, keeping the footprint minimal. On February 27, a new binary appeared masquerading as the OneDrive sync service; on March 19, another disguised as an Adobe driver component. The attacker kept refreshing their grip on the machine all the way to the end.
The identity of whoever is behind this stays unknown. The use of public tools, cloud infrastructure for both C2 and exfiltration, and no reuse of infrastructure tied to known groups all make attribution very difficult. What’s clear is that the operation was tightly scoped, technically disciplined, and almost certainly state-linked given the target and the patience involved.
Symantec and Carbon Black have published the full list of indicators of compromise, including file hashes for the mailbox stealer and the various masquerading executables, at security.com. If you run endpoint detection for a financial institution, regulator, or anyone else sitting on market-sensitive information, those hashes are worth feeding into your tooling today.
“The attackers’ focus throughout was on a single objective: long-term, incremental theft of the contents of a single Outlook mailbox, exfiltrated through Dropbox and OneDrive Personal in small batches over a period of five months to avoid raising suspicions or triggering alerts on the system.” concludes the report. “This was a tightly focused and highly targeted campaign, with five months being a significant dwell time for an attacker. It is notable to see the different techniques and approaches used by the attacker in order to stay under the radar and maintain persistent access.”
Follow me on Twitter: @securityaffairs and Facebook and Mastodon
Pierluigi Paganini
(SecurityAffairs – hacking, newsletter)

Intelligence / June 03, 2026
Security / June 03, 2026
Security / June 03, 2026
Breaking News / June 03, 2026
Security / June 03, 2026
To contact me write an email to:
                            Pierluigi Paganini : 
[email protected]


                            Copyright@securityaffairs 2024                        "
67,2026-06-03,"
        The fastest and most secure way to protect the watches and jewelry you love.
      
We’ve teamed up with Chubb, the premier insurer of valuable collections.
No matter where your adventures take you across the globe, rest assured, your watches and jewelry remain safeguarded.
If you suffer a covered loss, there's no deductible.
Each of your watches is covered up to 150% of the insured value (up to the total value of the policy).

          The fastest and most secure way to protect the watches and jewelry you love.
        
We've teamed up with Chubb, the premier insurer of valuable collections.
No matter where your adventures take you across the globe, rest assured, your watches and jewelry remain safeguarded.
If you suffer a covered loss, there's no deductible.
Each of your watches is covered up to 150% of the insured value (up to the total value of the policy).
Popular Searches

          The fastest and most secure way to protect the watches and jewelry you love.
        
We've teamed up with Chubb, the premier insurer of valuable collections.
No matter where your adventures take you across the globe, rest assured, your watches and jewelry remain safeguarded.
If you suffer a covered loss, there's no deductible.
Each of your watches is covered up to 150% of the insured value (up to the total value of the policy).

Photo ReportWatch Spotting At The Hodinkee Happy Hour [May 2026]
      

Hands-OnTaking The Citizen Attesa Platinum Shine Back To The Country And Culture That Created It
      

DispatchA Visit to Philippe Dufour's Workshop, Thirteen Years Since Our Last
      
Launched just five years ago, Studio Underd0g is now one of the bigger watch brands in the U.K., with about 30 staff and a full assembly and after-market facility. Up next... The D0ghouse. 
This week on The Business of Watches, we're talking to the man behind one of the more successful new watch brands in recent years, Studio Underd0g. Richard Benc is just 33, and since 2020, he's built his irreverent, approachable-priced, design-driven brand to a significant size, producing about 14,000 watches last year.  
Richard Benc (Photo Courtesy Studio Underd0g).
And he's done it all, not from Switzerland or Hong Kong, but from the U.K. Benc has grown his business with intent, making strategic investments in his supply chain, including buying full control of the assembly and after-sales service company that builds Studio Underd0g's distinct timepieces. 
Studio Underd0g is now the biggest assembler of mechanical watches in the U.K. and isn't only selling watches with drops and collabs, but is building up stock to make more watches available on its website. 
Next up for Benc and his brand is a new physical, public, and retail location. The 'D0ghouse' will open in Maidenhead this month and serve as a public showcase for the upstart brand and its operations. It's another big step for the company that comes with its own set of fresh opportunities and challenges.
And Benc gives us a tease on what may be coming next - there will be a new 04Series of watches that will take the brand to a place it hasn't been (mechanically) before. 
But first, some watch industry business news headlines, including secondary market price rises, executive moves at the big auction houses, and a new record for the most expensive Cartier wristwatch sold at auction. 
There's plenty of watch business and strategy to discuss, and we hope you enjoy the conversations. Be sure to leave any thoughts or questions in the comments section, and we'll do our best to respond. Want to subscribe so you never miss an episode? This new show is being published to the original Hodinkee Podcasts feed, so you can subscribe wherever you find your podcasts, including Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or TuneIn.
Show Notes0:40  Business News: Secondary Market Prices Climb, James Marks Jumps To Sotheby's, Christie's Grabs Cartier Watch Record (Hodinkee) 0:50 WatchCharts.com 1:49 The Cartier Crash And The New Value Of Imperfection  (MenWith Magazine) 2:42 This Record-Setting Patek Is The Priciest Watch Ever Sold In Asia (Maxim)3:28 Visit Brighton (Great Britain)  4:40 Studio Underd0g 6:10 A Minions Children's Watch (eBay) x9:17 Hong Kong Watch and Clock Fair 9:23 Inside The EPHJ (Hodinkee Swiss 101) 11:33 Studio Underd0g 01Series Watermelon 13:40 Assembled In Great Britain (Studio Underd0g) 17:10 Studio Underd0g Buys Horologium (Watch Pro)22:30 The Business of Watches Podcast: Christopher Ward CEO Mike France24:50 Studio Underd0g 02Series 25:08 Studio Underdog 03Series29:03 A Fresh Passion Fruit Collab From H. Moser And Studio Underd0g (Hodinkee) 41:27 A Quirky Watch Brand Studio Gets Serious (New York Times) 42:54 Alliance of British Watch and Clock Makers Bellwether Report 
By Andy hoffman
By Andy hoffman
By Jason heaton
By Tantan wang
Top Discussions
IntroducingThe Tudor Black Bay Chrono 39 ""Bumblebee""
Photo ReportWatch Spotting At The Hodinkee Happy Hour [May 2026]
DispatchA Visit to Philippe Dufour's Workshop, Thirteen Years Since Our Last
IntroducingTimex MK1 For J.Crew

By Tim jeffreys
            
IntroducingThe Seamaster Diver 300M Chronograph 007 First Light

By Tantan wang
            
Hands-OnA Triple Review Of The Jaeger-LeCoultre Master Control Chronomètre Collection

By Mark kauzlarich
            
IntroducingSerica Downsizes Its Field Chronometer With The 35mm Ref. 7505

By Mark kauzlarich
            
Talking WatchesWith Yoni Ben-Yehuda, Head Of Watches At Material Good

By Hodinkee
            
Enter the World of Hodinkee
All the watches you need to know about, delivered to your inbox daily.
Enter the World of Hodinkee
All the watches you need to know about, delivered to your inbox daily."
68,2026-06-03,"
Sign up with your email below to instantly access member features, newsletters and exclusive Insider perks


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest in phones
News, deals, reviews, guides and more…
Latest in computing
News, deals, reviews, guides and more on the newest computing gadgets

Start exploring exclusive deals, expert advice and more


Member Rewards


Unlock and manage exclusive Techradar member rewards.

Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed!
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
AI companies are going after the financial and legal sectors

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

After earning itself a major position in the public AI chatbot sector (ChatGPT accounts for around four in five interactions, per Statcounter data), OpenAI is now targeting more high-value professional services, like finance, banking and legal work.
This has become more apparent recently, with the launch new agentic tools designed to help the company's AI perform more specialized tasks autonomously.
The company has also publicly stated that it plans to add further legal and finance functionality as its portfolio of AI agents and tools continues to grow.
While these sectors offer clear revenue paths for the company among high-adopters, it's also proving to be a battleground for OpenAI which has faced increased pressure from rival company Anthropic. Anthropic's Claude has also proven a hit among these two sectors in particular.
With the two companies now investing heavily in the enterprise AI market, it's likely the next stages will introduce even more AI agents designed for specific industries and workflows – a major shift from early-adopter workflows which often started on ChatGPT.
Yesterday, OpenAI also launched six brand new Codex plugins targeting investment banking, public equity investing, data analytics and more.
The company revealed that it now has five million weekly Codex users, noting that one in five are analysts, marketers, operators, designers, researchers, investors and bankers. This group of diverse workers is said to be growing 3x as fast as coders, who were among the first to widely adopt agentic and generative AI.
Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed!
Enterprises aside, the company is also flexing its finance muscles in the consumer sector, with a new personal finance experience in ChatGPT designed to support people with financial decisions, grounded in their actual banking data.
 



Follow TechRadar on Google News and add us as a preferred source to get our expert news, reviews, and opinion in your feeds.
With several years’ experience freelancing in tech and automotive circles, Craig’s specific interests lie in technology that is designed to better our lives, including AI and ML, productivity aids, and smart fitness. He is also passionate about cars and the decarbonisation of personal transportation. As an avid bargain-hunter, you can be sure that any deal Craig finds is top value!
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

TechRadar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
69,2026-06-03,
70,2026-06-03,"Brown Advisory, an investment management company, released its “Brown Advisory Global Leaders Strategy” for the first quarter of 2026 investor letter. A copy..."
71,2026-06-03,
72,2026-06-03,
73,2026-06-03,
74,2026-06-03,
75,2026-06-03,"

      John Ruwitch
    


                An AT&T crew installs a new cable at a railroad crossing in Hayward, Calif., after the segment got cut down by suspected copper wire thieves.
                
                    
                    John Ruwitch/NPR
                    
                
hide caption

Stay up to date with our Up First newsletter sent every weekday morning.
HAYWARD, Calif. – In an industrial yard off a highway east of San Francisco, AT&T workers crowd around cold, hard evidence of a growing problem.
""Sitting here [is] a truck full of what is stolen copper cable,"" says Todd Swenson, from AT&T's construction and engineering division. The jumble of cables and wires, about the size of a truck tire, was recovered from a metal recycler. Swenson says that cable actually belongs to AT&T, and was cut down from telephone poles by thieves.
Over the past few years, there has been an alarming rise in copper wire theft in the United States and beyond. The value of copper has roughly doubled in the past year, thanks in part to increasing demand for the metal. So thieves strip it from phone lines, as well as from other infrastructure like streetlamps and EV chargers. Repairs cost companies and communities, vex corporate executives and politicians and tax work crews.
Swenson says record-high prices of copper — buoyed, in part, by the artificial intelligence data center boom — are to blame. ""The higher the price of copper is at a recycler and on the market, our theft goes up. Direct correlation there,"" he says.
This pile of wires might fetch a few hundred dollars at a recycler. But Swenson says the damage could cost the company tens of thousands of dollars to repair.
AT&T executives have grown frustrated with the problem, which is why they've invited NPR on a ride-along to see it firsthand. So we caravan to a railroad crossing, where at 3:40 in the morning, an alarm had gone off alerting the company that cables had been cut down from nearby telephone poles.
The company suspected the work of thieves.
""What they typically do is they cut the cable down, they'll pull it to a location and they start working on stripping it,"" says Scott Gonzaga, also with AT&T. ""Then they burn it to get the sheath off and to get it down to the bare copper."" That metal is sold to a middleman or directly to a recycler.
We arrive at the tracks a little before noon, and the aftermath of the crime comes into focus.
The phone and internet cables that should have stretched over the track are gone. A pair of bolt cutters lies in the dirt, along with bits of rubber and plastic stripped from the wires. Down a trail by the train line, there's a string of freshly charred spots in the dirt — what the AT&T crew call ""burn pits."" An abandoned tent overflows with clothes and junk, and behind it lies a small pile of wires.
In the distance, down the path, there's something else: people.
There are two of them, about 100 yards away, pushing what looks like a large plastic laundry bin.
""This is a first,"" says Michael Riensch, who oversees efforts to combat copper wire theft at AT&T's global security unit. ""We just happened to be here while subjects were on scene.""
Gonzaga says he saw one of the two people by a burn pit when he showed up.
""We tried to follow him a little bit just to get a picture of him,"" Gonzaga says.
The two people with the cart don't seem to be fleeing, exactly. But they are staying out of reach of the AT&T crew. And the crew is keeping its distance, too.
They've already called the police, who are on their way.
Last year, AT&T recorded more than 10,400 incidents of copper wire theft nationwide — about 200 a week. Some 4,300 of those were in California.
It's an outsized problem for the company, since only about 3% of AT&T's customers are still connected by copper wire networks. That includes households without access to cell service or fiber optic connections, some in rural areas, as well as some businesses that still rely on old wires for internet or fax connections.
Copper cables, pioneered over 180 years ago by Samuel Morse, often hang next to their modern counterparts, fiber optic lines. When thieves cut cables for copper, they often slice fiber cables, too, because they look similar. A snipped fiber cable is what tripped this alarm.

                AT&T crew members walk by a ""burn pit"" near a site where cables were cut.
                
                    
                    John Ruwitch/NPR
                    
                
hide caption

Susan Santana, president of AT&T West, is on the ride-along. She says homes, hospitals, airports, schools and more can lose connections when cables are cut. The problem is ""not an easy one to solve, by any means,"" she says, but AT&T is trying.
""We have locked down manhole lids with extra bolts. We've put sensors across our lines. In some instances we've had to hire private security guards,"" Santana says.
AT&T has also offered a $20,000 bounty for information leading to the arrest and conviction of people involved in copper cable thefts.
The problem is not limited to telephone wires. Thieves have been cutting electric cables, too. The California city of San Jose has an online tracker for streetlights that have gone dark after being hit.
EV chargers are also targets. Rick Wilmer, CEO of ChargePoint, the largest charging network in the United States, says it's a problem they deal with every day. He says he got so frustrated that he started prototyping solutions on his own.
""I was so motivated I literally was going down to Home Depot and buying all kinds of different wire and Kevlar and stuff, and wrapping cables and taping it down and trying to cut it with my own pruning shears to see if it was, you know, making it any more difficult,"" he says.
He handed the project off to company engineers, who developed charger cables that are impregnated with cut-resistant material. The idea, he says, is that a thief might be able to hack off one of those wires, but their shears will be damaged in the process. They won't be able to hit multiple chargers in one go.
Back at the railroad crossing, the police have arrived. They've sat the two people with the cart down on the track's embankment and are questioning them.

                Police walk down a train line at the scene of cut AT&T wires.
                
                    
                    John Ruwitch/NPR
                    
                
hide caption

In California, copper thieves face up to three years in prison and hefty fines. The state recently tightened regulations on scrap metal dealers, and bills in the state legislature would raise the penalties for organized copper wire theft and individuals holding wire without proof of ownership.
Rob Bonta, the state's attorney general, says enforcement is key. ""The science shows that if people think they will be caught for committing a crime, then that deters them from committing a crime. Even if the punishment is high, but they don't think they're going to get caught, they'll still commit the crime,"" he says.
He says authorities have been using a playbook of cross-jurisdiction collaboration that previously helped the state tamp down catalytic converter theft and a rash of smash-and-grab robberies at retail stores.
""We started teaming up and engaging [in] investigations, sharing intel, engaging in surveillance. A lot of what worked there is working here,"" he says.
""So, more participation, more resources, more focus, more dedication, more prioritization by law enforcement agencies, who have a lot to prioritize,"" he adds. ""These are folks that are tackling — you know, murders and rapes and robberies and other important crimes, too.""
AT&T also has a longer-term solution in mind: The company wants to move on from its aging copper wire networks, shifting all of its phone service to fiber optics.
But California law won't let it.
Once a monopoly, AT&T is considered the state's ""carrier of last resort."" Santana says that means it is required to keep copper running in order to serve that tiny fraction of customers who still use it — despite a range of new technologies and offerings from competitors.
""In an ideal world, California would find a way to help us transition, would identify a pathway to transition from maintaining a copper legacy network to allowing us to invest our resources into fiber and wireless, which is what most of the other states in this country have already done,"" she says.

                Susan Santana, president of AT&T West, stands by a path along a railroad in Hayward, Calif., where cables were cut.
                
                    
                    John Ruwitch/NPR
                    
                
hide caption

In late May, AT&T filed a lawsuit against California to allow it to discontinue its legacy copper wire-based phone service in line with Federal Communications Commission authorization to phase it out. The company has pledged $19 billion to modernize the network through 2030.
Bonta's office says it is reviewing the complaint and will respond appropriately in court.
Not everyone is in favor of AT&T retiring its legacy copper wire network, including consumer, farm and small business advocacy groups who argue that doing so could deprive communities without other reliable options of a critical means of communication — especially in an emergency.
At the railroad crossing, Rommel Maghonay, a splicing manager, is overseeing part of the work to replace the sliced cables. It's the fifth or sixth cut cable due to suspected theft that he says he has had to deal with in the past three days.
""On a typical day I've got to pull two, three splicers off their normal assignment"" to fix cut lines, he says. ""It sets us back on our normal work.""
This job will cost AT&T crews four to five hours, he thinks. ""It's frustrating sometimes,"" he says, ""because it's happening so often.""
The police, meanwhile, finished questioning the two people. With no probable cause — no witnesses to the actual cutting of the cables, and no tools or stolen property on the people — they let them go.
The Hayward Police Department declined to make records relating to the case available to NPR, saying it is still open and under investigation.
A previous version of this story incorrectly said there were 7,000 wire theft incidents in California last year, there were 4,300. That previous version also incorrectly spelled Todd Swenson’s last name as Swensen.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
76,2026-06-03,"Sign up
Sign in
Sign up
Sign in

The latest news and tips from the Angular team

--
5
Listen
Share
Today, we are thrilled to announce the release of Angular v22. We continue to be proud of the work we do with each release. Our goal is to maintain a high quality stream of features and improvements that make the workflows for developers smooth no matter how they build Angular applications.
Angular is the solid foundation upon which you can build what’s next on the web. This release features updates across stability, ergonomics and more. We want Angular to be a sort of launch pad that you can use as you build your next great application.
There’s some great features to discuss, so let’s dive in.
On the Angular team, we take a lot of joy and pride in our ability to update our APIs to bring great new features to Angular. When bringing new features to the table, we typically release a feature as experimental or developer preview. This gives the team time to gather feedback and iterate on new features. During this time, features will undergo refinement with the intention of delivering the best possible version to the community. This is great except that it means some features will not be production ready even though developers are excited and ready to use them immediately. In this release, we’re excited to be bringing 3 significant Angular features to production-ready, stable status: Signal Forms, Angular Aria and the Asynchronous Reactivity APIs.
We designed Signal Forms to be the new, robust forms API. Signal forms combine the best parts of Reactive forms, the value of strongly typed forms, as well as the things developers love about template driven forms and reactivity of signals. We put all of that together to make a reactive, composable and declarative form solution. When we launched Signal Forms in v21, we received strong signals (pun intended) from teams inside and outside of Google that we were on the right track. Since then, we’ve updated Signal Forms by:
Here’s an example of a form implementation with custom validation and template bindings:
Signal Forms are ready for production today, head over to the updated guide on angular.dev to get started.
The web was meant for everyone, regardless of how someone decides to interact with it: keyboard and mouse, screen-reader or some other method. Angular teams have needed a consistent, accessible yet customizable way to build components that enables them to build apps for all users. Angular Aria was a bold step in that direction when we released it in Angular v21. We wanted developers to bring the styles and business logic while the UI directives and patterns handled the accessibility. With that in mind, Angular Aria’s set of accessibility patterns is moving to production in Angular v22. Now, developers can ship their components using Angular Aria to users with confidence.
We’ve been busy preparing it for production, here are some of the updates we’ve made:
Angular Aria’s twelve UI patterns cover common accessibility patterns and are available to use in production now. Build apps all users can enjoy.
At the community driven 2024 NgPoland conference, Angular team member Pawel Kozlowski shared his vision for how we could take the power of signals beyond the synchronous boundaries developers were used to. What came next was the team’s exploration into what would become a game changer for Angular developers: asynchronous signals with resource. The resource API carves a path for developers to leverage the non-blocking nature of asynchronous programming while maintaining the ergonomic niceties of the standard synchronous signal API.
While resource provided a way for developers to request asynchronous resources we wanted to provide a practical application to demonstrate what was possible. As a result, httpResource was introduced as a way to fetch data over HTTP. This new approach made fetching data much more intuitive for developers with a simplified mental model.
Both resource and httpResource are ready for production. As of Angular version 22, developers can now use both these APIs in their production apps with confidence knowing that they have been battle-tested and ready to serve your users.
For information on how to get with these powerful apis, visit the official guides on angular.dev.
Angular is a great choice of platform for AI-native applications. Since the introduction of angular.dev/ai, we’ve been diligently working to expand our AI story in meaningful ways to meet developers at the frontlines of this new era of development. We believe this manifests in three critical ways:
The Angular team has made significant progress in both of these areas and we’re excited to share what we’ve been working on.
As more and more developers use tools like Google’s Antigravity as their agent coding partners it is more important than ever that coding agents have the tools needed to effectively write modern Angular applications.
We’ve updated our Model Context Protocol (MCP) offering to include new tools for directly interacting with the development server while building applications.
devserver.wait_for_build allows agents to programmatically build the application and review the output for deciding next steps in the development process. For example, the build logs could reveal code errors that need to be revisited. A workflow like this enables self-healing loops for agents.
Angular MCP also features tooling for starting and stopping the development server with devserver.start and devserver.stop, respectively. These tools create new agentic workflows to meet the needs of today’s developers.
These tools are all graduating to stable in this release along with the testing and end-to-end tools. Angular MCP features a growing list of tools to help you build modern Angular apps including the ai_tutor, modernize, onpush_zoneless_migration and more. To find out more about all the MCP tools available, check out angular.dev/ai/mcp.
Building modern Angular apps with agentsAs the framework evolves, keeping up with the growing API surface can be a challenge not just for developers, but also for AI coding assistants whose training data might not capture the latest patterns. To bridge this gap, we are introducing Angular Agent Skills, a standardized way to give AI agents immediate context and expertise on modern Angular development.
These are the first two developer-focused skills:
These skills are available to use today in AI development tools like Antigravity or any environment where you run your agentic workflows.
Interested in seeing these tools in action? Check out our latest video on YouTube.
Skills to help contributorsContributing to a major framework can be intimidating, so we’ve also rolled out a set of Contributor Skills.
These skills help explain the internal mental models required to develop features inside the Angular codebase itself. They are incredibly valuable for anyone looking to make their first pull request. We’ve found that even experienced team members discover value in reading through them to better understand the framework architecture.
Angular is excited to ship experimental support for WebMCP.
WebMCP represents an exciting new opportunity to shape the future of web interactions. It allows you to create and expose structured tools for agents to interact within the browser. Tools defined by an application allow AI assistants to interact with it directly, providing additional capabilities to the agent and reducing the need for DOM interactions.
These early iterations include support for defining tools for the entire app, routes, services. It also supports automatically generating tools from dynamic Signal Forms.
We’ve shipped docs to share more information about this new integration.
The development community is experiencing an incredible boom in “builders”. These are people who want to bring their ideas to life with software but might not come from a traditional coding background. To support them, we’ve worked closely with the teams behind Google AI Studio and Gemini Canvas to ensure these builders can kick off their projects with the foundational strengths of Angular.
Prototype Directly in the Browser
You can use the built-in coding sandbox in the Gemini web app to create a full application directly in the browser.
For example, I recently used it to build an Angular app for my kid’s soccer team to track who is responsible for bringing snacks. By specifying “Angular” in the prompt, the generated app uses Angular. Once the code is generated, you can edit it manually in the browser, or just keep chatting with the AI to refine it. You can even expand its capabilities by simply asking it to integrate Firebase for backend storage and more.
“Vibe Coding” in Google AI Studio
You can follow a similar workflow in Google AI Studio by selecting Angular from the configuration panel and start prompting.
Here’s the app prompt:
“I need an Angular math facts app to help my 3rd grader improve multiplication skills. Make it use flash cards and keep track of progress on specific facts they struggle with.”
Once the application generates an application a builder can continue to iterate, add features via chat, and eventually deploy it for the world to use. The barrier to entry for turning an idea into a structured Angular app has never been lower.
If you are building great apps you are welcomed in the Angular community no matter what.
Angular’s vast API surface provides lots of value as is but we’re always working to improve it. Let’s explore some of the new features we’re bringing to developers everywhere in Angular v22.
The Angular router is a solid, foundational piece of the story that makes Angular so compelling to developers all over the world. We’re excited to bring new features to the router to help ensure your applications meet your business needs.
Join Medium for free to get updates from this writer.
Remember me for faster sign in
Here are a few of the updates you can enjoy in the latest release.
This update aligns the router with the native browser Navigation API, giving better control over user movement across applications with less boilerplate. Here is what that looks like in practice:
Here’s how to enable access to this feature:
We are introducing two new features designed to give you more precise control over memory management by explicitly cleaning up unused resources. We are actively looking for feedback on these changes to determine if they should become the framework default in future releases.
We’d love your feedback on withExperimentalAutoCleanupInjectors as we could make it the default behavior if the community finds it to be a favorable addition.
Here’s how to get started:
This release sees the introduction of a new decorator aimed at improving code readability and intention — @Service. Use this new decorator as a replacement of the @Injectable({ providedIn: ‘root' }) pattern for most use cases. In the event that your application use case requires deeper configuration or constructor injection, @Injectablewill still be available. We see this as a more intuitive way to define global singletons in your application.
Check out this new syntax in action:
Sometimes applications feature large dependencies that are best loaded on demand, when needed. While Angular has supported lazy loading of components and routes, services have not been eligible for this same optimization. That all changes with the introduction of injectAsync. This new API supports asynchronous dependency injection, enabling code splitting. Support for asynchronous on-demand loading also means that applications can enjoy performance improvement.
The service must be auto-provided. Using the new @Service decorator handles this for you.
Here’s a code sample to help get started:
In this example, the ReportExporter service is not loaded until it is first used. Dependencies can also be prefetched, too.
The team is excited to see how developers can leverage this new feature to bring better performance to their applications. To learn more, head over to the official documentation for injectAsync on angular.dev.
If you are building great apps you are welcomed in the Angular community no matter what.
This release is packed with even more API-related features, including:
This release has quite a few quality of life improvements designed to make authoring Angular templates better than before.
Code documentation serves as a vital tool for both developers and coding agents, allowing them to clarify the intent behind code or flag work that is in progress or planned for the future. To expand these documentation capabilities, we have introduced support at the element level, offering new ways to document code specifically at the property and binding level.
With this change you can now comment properties and bindings in templates for increased readability and clarity. As a plus, VS Code comment toggling is also supported.
Angular now automatically de-duplicates host directives that match multiple times on the same element. To ensure clear resolution, if a directive matches both through the template and as a host directive, the template match “wins.” We’ve also streamlined the experience by merging the input and output maps of host directives. Finally, to maintain a clean API, Angular will now throw an error if an input or output is exposed under multiple names, preventing potential naming conflicts.
Your templates are more expressive with support for spread and rest syntax. This update works with object literals, array literals and function calls.
Here’s an example based on a component used in a coffee shop style application:
Developers can enjoy less verbose templates with multiple case matching in @switch statements. In the following example, two of the cases can share the same output, reducing unnecessary code duplication.
Another helpful update to the @switch syntax is exhaustive checks for @switch blocks. With the introduction of exhaustive checks for @switch blocks, developers using union types will now receive compile-time errors if any potential values remain unhandled. To enable this check use the never value in the default case:
Many developers have wanted to inline simple functions in templates but the template syntax restricted the ability to author functions directly in Angular templates. In the latest version of Angular, inline functions are valid in templates — with a few caveats.
As long as functions are not long running, it is fine to call a function in a template 🙂
We’ve made two important changes to the way developers specify details for change detection in components.
First, OnPush is now the default for new applications. This shift brings new applications in alignment with zoneless being the default for applications. This also, in turn, aligns well with Angular’s goal of performance by default. Now that it is the default, it also is no longer required to specify OnPushas a change detection strategy in components.
Second, the previous default, ChangeDetectionStrategy.Default is now called ChangeDetectionStrategy.Eager. This renaming helps developers who come across it reason with more clarity about what it does and how it impacts applications during change detection cycles.
Let’s shift gears and turn our attention toward everyone’s favorite topic: template errors. Template errors can be frustrating and difficult for developers and users. Developers try to develop defensive patterns in the component code while users may end up with a broken page. If that crash happens inside a high-stakes flow such as an e-commerce checkout, a single broken component can completely derail the user experience, bounce customers, and directly impact revenue. Angular is introducing a much-needed solution to improve this part of the application experience. Meet @boundary, a new API for implementing error boundaries directly within Angular templates.
Here’s an example of the syntax:
By wrapping critical or unpredictable code blocks in the new @boundary syntax, an isolated component failure will no longer take down the entire page. Errors are caught and developers can specify fallback content. It’s a significant win for both developer and user experience.
@boundary will be available as a developer preview in Q3 2026.
Webpack support, @angular-devkit/build-angular builders, @ngtools/webpack, etc. is deprecated in v22. We’re focusing on TSGo support in the application builder. We will be sharing more details in upcoming updates.
For more information on deprecations in this release, please review the Angular CHANGELOG.
Angular v22 is more than just a collection of features; it is a commitment to the stability you rely on and the innovation you deserve. We can’t wait to see what you build on top of this foundation. Be sure to watch the official release event premiering June 5th 2026 at 9AM Pacific.
Get out there and build great apps.
--
--
5
The latest news and tips from the Angular team
Angular team at Google
Help
Status
About
Careers
Press
Blog
Privacy
Rules
Terms
Text to speech"
77,2026-06-03,"American public school districts will have to resort to rummaging around the sad teacher's lounge couch cushions for extra change to make up for the costs of running buses thanks to rising gas prices. If the seemingly endless war in Iran wasn't already a pain point for everyone's wallets, the underfunded public school systems are getting hit fairly harder. For some school districts, as the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reports, it has come at a cost of a few extra thousand dollars a month. For bigger districts, some are spending an extra $200,000 or more, a month.
Milwaukee Public Schools started the fuel crisis with an extra expenditure of $148,000 for the month of March alone. For both April and May, that number rose to $250,000 per month. The Milwaukee district does serve a relatively larger area and community than say a rural district. But taking in that Milwaukee's district doesn't exclusively use diesel transport, but encourages local public transit and utilizes alternative vehicles that do not run on diesel, the cost is still exorbitant.
Hoping to make a dent in some of the extra fuel costs, the Milwaukee district is reevaluating some of its bus usage, as well as welcoming new electric vehicles to its transportation fleet this summer. But not every district has those kinds of options.
Some districts have been able to weather the storm as annual budgets usually build in higher estimated fuel prices to account for market fluctuations, but not for the fluctuations seen in the last three months.
In Florida, WESH reports that Marion County Public Schools estimates fuel costing the district an extra $750,000 to $1 million this year. In neighboring Orange County, the district is ""actively monitoring and minimizing excessive vehicle idling to decrease fuel consumption.""
Executives of Washington's Yakima School District told Reuters the price of diesel went up 64 percent, costing the district more than $213,000 a year to operate its 60 buses. Further east, the Thief River Falls Public School District in Minnesota has been able to manage the 30% increase but the superintendent Christopher Mills said, ""if the prices continue to increase we could be in a position of reducing support services to students.""
In a survey shared with Reuters by the School Superintendents Association, a third of US schools are already taking money away from other programs to cover the additional costs of fueling, while a fifth of schools are at least tapping into the little reserves they have. For those that have had the benefit of diversifying its transportation fleets the cost has been easier to swallow. But for the already underfunded districts, the thousands of dollars extra gas is costing is going to come at a bigger price, education and quite literally our future."
78,2026-06-03,"ByTy Roush,
Forbes Staff.
Cardano’s ADA token, once the world’s third-largest cryptocurrency, extended losses on Wednesday as it traded near a six-year low following the cancellation of its flagship conference and a broader crypto market selloff. 
The value of Cardano dropped 2.3% over the last day to just over $0.21 as of Wednesday, the lowest level for the cryptocurrency since January 2021 ($0.17), according to CoinMarketCap.
That extends a 10% decline for Cardano over the last week after the Cardano Foundation—the Swiss-based nonprofit that oversees and promotes the development of the Cardano blockchain—said on May 30 it would cancel its flagship summit following a failed community vote.
Cardano, unlike other cryptocurrencies, is designed to be governed by its community, with holders voting on certain proposals and decisions.
The Cardano community voted against—narrowly missing a two-thirds threshold—a $2 million funding proposal for the summit, to which the Cardano Foundation responded, “The Cardano community has spoken and we respect the outcome.”
Other cryptocurrencies have tumbled over the last week: The price of bitcoin dropped below $67,000 on Wednesday, its lowest level since October 2024, while ethereum dropped nearly 10%, BNB fell by 2.8%, XRP declined by 7% and Tron decreased by 9.8%.
The latest decline for bitcoin came after the cryptocurrency’s largest institutional holder, billionaire Michael Saylor’s Strategy, announced it would sell 32 bitcoins to raise about $2.5 million. That’s the second such sale from Strategy and its first since December 2022, appearing to spark broader pessimism across the crypto market.
$91.6 billion. That was Cardano’s all-time market value, set in August 2021, when the token ranked as the third-largest cryptocurrency behind bitcoin and ethereum. Cardano has a market capitalization of just $7.7 billion as of Wednesday, ranking the 13th-largest cryptocurrency. 
About 67% of Cardano’s supply is controlled by holders with at least 1 million tokens, according to the crypto analysis firm Santiment. 
Cardano was among the cryptocurrencies that rode a surge in market demand after the pandemic, though the token has fallen since its 2021 peak. Even as it rallied, competition intensified among other larger cryptocurrencies, including ethereum, the world’s second-largest cryptocurrency, lowering demand for Cardano. It benefited from another brief surge in late 2024 and early 2025 as the Trump administration pushed pro-crypto legislation and as President Donald Trump called for the U.S. to become the “crypto capital of the world,” but the token steadily declined after hitting a peak of $1.21 in December 2024."
79,2026-06-03,"ByTy Roush,
Forbes Staff.
Small businesses once again accounted for most of the private sector’s stronger-than-expected growth last month, according to a report from the payroll processing firm ADP, as further data points to a stable market despite a slowdown in total employment.
Private sector payrolls increased by 122,000 in May, ADP reported, up from April’s 105,000 added jobs and consensus analyst projections of 120,000, according to FactSet.
Companies with fewer than 50 employees added 67,000 new positions, those with 500 or more added 40,000 and medium-sized employers added 17,000.
Eight of the 10 sectors tracked by ADP added jobs last month as Nela Richardson, the firm’s chief economist, said hiring was more “broad-based than we’ve seen in the last few years” and the labor market “continues to show sustained momentum going into the summer hiring season.”
Education and health services added 57,000 jobs, the most among all sectors, while transportation and utilities added 36,000, professional and business services added 11,000 and construction and leisure and hospitality each rose by 8,000.
Information services lost 9,000 jobs, and natural resources and mining lost 3,000.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported Tuesday the U.S. had 7.62 million available positions, the most since March 2024 (8.2 million), with a vast majority of job openings coming from businesses with fewer than 10 employees. The rate at which people voluntarily exited their jobs each month dropped to 1.9%, the lowest since 2020.
ADP’s private-sector report precedes broader federal data the first week of each month. The Bureau of Labor Statistics will report May’s nonfarm jobs data and the unemployment rate for the month, with nonfarm payrolls expected to slow to an increase of 105,000 jobs, down from 115,000 in April, as the unemployment rate is projected to settle at 4.3%.
The last report on the U.S. job market signaled stabilized employment, but Federal Reserve officials pointed to a “low hire, low fire” labor environment. Data appeared to show companies reducing the number of employees they hired, while also lowering the number of workers they laid off. Total employment dropped to 162.6 million in April, the lowest total since December 2024, indicating employment growth of just 0.6%. That marked the fourth straight monthly decline for total employment, the longest such streak since 2009, as the labor participation rate—the percentage of Americans working or looking for work—fell to 61.8%, the lowest rate since 2021. "
80,2026-06-03,"Brown Advisory, an investment management company, released its “Brown Advisory Global Leaders Strategy” for the first quarter of 2026 investor letter. A copy..."
81,2026-06-03,"AMD welcomes Nvidia into the market with RTX Spark, saying that its Strix Halo and upcoming Gorgon Halo products will be superior."
82,2026-06-03,"Prediction market traders are increasingly wagering that bitcoin's correction is far from over, even after the cryptocurrency tumbled toward $65,000 this week amid mounting pressure from ETF outflows and weakening institutional demand.
On Kalshi, traders currently assign a 66% probability that bitcoin drops below $55,000 this year and a 50% probability of sub-$50,000 prices. They also give a 31% chance that prices could even dip below $40,000. 
Polymarket traders are expressing a similar view. Contracts on the platform imply a roughly 67% chance bitcoin falls below $55,000 this year and a better-than-even chance it drops under $50,000.
On prediction platform Polymarket, traders now give bitcoin only a 30% chance of outperforming gold in 2026. Gold is down approximately 1.5% in the last month but is up 33% in the last year while BTC is down around 37%.
This comes amid dwindling institutional appetite for the leading cryptocurrency. According to data from SoSo Value, traders withdrew $2.4 billion from U.S.-listed BTC ETFs in May and $1 billion in the first two trading days of June, with the record-breaking outflow continuing.
Meanwhile, K33 Research argues that bitcoin is also losing a battle for investor attention against artificial intelligence-related stocks. As CoinDesk previously reported, in a report on Tuesday, the firm said many investors view the opportunity cost of holding bitcoin as too high while AI-linked companies continue to post outsized gains and major equity indexes push to record highs.
""Much of the market views the opportunity cost of holding BTC as too high while anything AI-related soars,"" K33's Vetle Lunde wrote.
While K33 still views bitcoin as undervalued relative to equities over the long term, prediction markets suggest traders are increasingly positioning for lower prices before any recovery arrives.
While traders increasingly bet on lower bitcoin prices, capital does not appear to be leaving crypto entirely. Instead, it is increasingly moving into digital dollars.
USDT and USDC have both gained market share during bitcoin's slide to $66,000, CoinDesk previously reported, a sign that traders are raising cash and waiting for better opportunities rather than immediately buying the dip.
More For You
Presto Research says bitcoin's drawdowns this year have coincided with rallies in AI stocks and gold as markets scale back expectations for Fed rate cuts.
What to know: 
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
83,2026-06-03,"
Every time you open an umbrella, you’re deploying a canopy of wasted real estate. That dark stretched fabric sits between you and the sun, absorbing heat, blocking light, doing absolutely nothing with the energy raining down on it. For a surface that spends its entire working life pointed directly at the sky, that feels like a missed opportunity of the highest order.
Victoria García Moreno, a student at Universidad Casa Blanca in Mexico, decided to do something about it. Her James Dyson Award entry takes the umbrella’s canopy and lines it with waterproof solar panels, routing that captured energy down through the shaft and into an internal power bank housed in the handle. USB and USB-C ports let you plug your phone in while you walk. Sun protection and emergency charging, packaged into one familiar object.
Designer: Victoria García Moreno






The material logic here is sound, even if the execution remains at concept stage. Solar panels have been conformal and flexible enough for curved surfaces since the early 2000s, and the umbrella canopy offers a genuinely generous collection area compared to most portable solar products on the market. Foldable solar chargers sold today typically max out at panels smaller than a laptop screen. A full umbrella canopy, by comparison, gives you something closer to the kind of surface area that actually moves the needle on solar harvest. The panels García Moreno specifies are waterproof, which solves the obvious problem of a device that lives outdoors and frequently encounters rain.

All the electronics, the power bank, the activation circuitry, the output ports, sit inside the grip in a cylindrical housing that keeps the umbrella’s overall silhouette completely conventional. Two buttons sit on the front face: one to power the system, one to activate charging output. The USB and USB-C ports are recessed into the rear of the handle, keeping them protected when not in use. From the front, this reads as a slightly premium umbrella. The technology announces itself only when you need it to.






The honest limitation García Moreno’s concept faces is the gap between solar panel flexibility and the mechanical demands of a folding umbrella. Current flexible panel technology can handle curves, but repeated folding and unfolding introduces stress concentrations that standard rigid cells handle poorly. That’s a solvable engineering problem, and the James Dyson Award has a history of surfacing student concepts that identify the right problem before the manufacturing world catches up with a solution. For now, the Portable Outdoor Emergency Charger makes its case as a provocation worth taking seriously. The umbrella canopy has been wasted real estate for far too long, and someone had to say it.
There is a reason Kevlar keeps showing up in premium phone accessories. The material brings a rare combination of low weight, tactile richness, and serious…
Orbitkey’s design story has always revolved around everyday friction, the loose keys in a pocket, the tangled cable in a bag, the small desktop essentials…
Yet another “twist” on something we twist everyday. Designer Jess Han has re-imagined the simple door handle with a DaVinci Code style lock that denies entry for…
In the prehistoric past, man’s survival relied on preserving as much energy as possible by using the least amount of effort possible to complete a…
The Kindle has been quietly dominating the e-reader market for years, but the accessory game has been pretty lackluster compared to smartphones. While iPhone users…
London 2019; a hub of bustling streets and dynamic people with a constant influx of traffic. Set right in the middle of this mayhem is…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
84,2026-06-03,"Dreaming of trading the 9-to-5 for endless days of fishing and sunshine? That fantasy is now within reach, as Bikini Caye is on the market."
85,2026-06-03,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Giveaways
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal."
86,2026-06-03,"Have you ever come across a product and thought, ""Why doesn't everyone use it instead of subpar options?"" If you have ever used Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome, you'd be familiar with this thought. It doesn't really matter which aspect you prioritize; Mozilla Firefox is better than Google Chrome. It is completely free, open-source, and private. Yet, Firefox lost the race to Google Chrome.
It raises an important question: why would people choose the RAM-hogging privacy nightmare that is Google Chrome when a free, privacy-respecting Mozilla Firefox is available? If we look at the numbers, we'd see that Firefox's market share has been declining, reaching as low as 2.26% globally.
Well, the answer to that question goes beyond whether Google Chrome is better than Firefox.
Chrome is excellent, but it’s not the only game in town.
 There's no denying that Google Chrome is one of the best browsers built recently. However, when discussing the success story of Google Chrome, we cannot ignore the ""Google"" in its name. Unlike Firefox, Chrome was backed by a company like Google from the very beginning. Sure, this shift towards Google Chrome did not happen overnight. However, Google's gradual push made Chrome the go-to browser for most people.
First, you get such a big boost when a company like Google asks its millions of visitors to install Google as their default browser. Firefox, despite its best efforts, did not have such a launch. I'm sure you remember the times when every Google search page showed that icon to install Google Chrome. Even today, when you open the Chrome Web Store and other spaces, you keep seeing the ""Chrome is better"" story from Google.
It is also about where Google Chrome was installed. Since 2012, Google Chrome has been the default browser on Android smartphones, and this practice has built familiarity that is difficult to overcome. It is not surprising that people who first got their hands on an Android smartphone chose Chrome as their desktop web browser as well.
Google Chrome is a cross-platform web browser developed by Google LLC, built for speed, security, and integration with Google services. It uses the Blink rendering engine (formerly WebKit) and supports extensions, tab sandboxing, synchronization across devices, and frequent updates.
The full story should also consider what happened after Google Chrome became the go-to option for thousands of users. Over time, multiple Chromium-based browsers emerged, but Google Chrome retained its top position. It soon led developers to change their attitude towards non-Chrome browsers, such as Firefox. By the end of this shift, Chromium had become the go-to browser rendering engine, pushing options like Gecko to the side.
This practice had a noticeable impact on how Firefox users experienced the web. Because more developers were optimizing their websites for the Blink rendering engine, there were occasional minor frictions. It could have been a misaligned toolbar or a function that doesn't work as smoothly in Firefox as it does in a Chromium browser. It soon led many users to switch from Firefox and other browsers to Google Chrome.
While these incidents did not occur overnight, they played a significant role in reducing Firefox's market share.
Sure, Google Chrome's advantages played a significant role in its better performance than Firefox. But that's not where all the blame is.
2017 marked one of the most crucial steps in Firefox's history, but it was not the grand success Mozilla had envisaged. Firefox v57, better known as Firefox Quantum, brought many performance-focused improvements to the beloved browser, but it also marked the transition to the WebExtensions API. This transition, which was a security necessity, broke a number of Firefox-exclusive extensions and forced the developers to rewrite them from scratch.
However, this breakage left Firefox with a negative reputation for reliability. More importantly, there were users who stuck with Firefox for extensions like Vimperator, and that community had to look for alternatives after the chaos caused by Firefox Quantum. Therefore, even though Firefox Quantum was necessary for infrastructural stability, it caused noticeable user attrition.
As you can guess, those who left Mozilla Firefox at this point found solace in Google Chrome.
Chrome on Android still can't run extensions, but Firefox can.
 In the years leading up to Firefox Quantum, there were numerous complaints about Firefox's performance. There were also concerns about battery drain on macOS devices and memory consumption. The slightly controversial Firefox Quantum was meant to be a solution for all these performance-centric issues, but the release was a little too late.
While the performance improvements were superb, a noticeable number of people had already switched to Google Chrome by then. It was also the time Google Chrome was being portrayed as the modern browser. Sure, after this point, many privacy-related concerns about Chrome came to light, but it is safe to say that people had gotten a little too used to Google Chrome by then.
So, despite the mistakes it made, Firefox did fix the problems, but its reputation did not rebuild quickly enough.
At this point, it is clear that Google Chrome has won the long game. The numbers of global browser market share make it clearer than ever before. Ironically, it remains the case even as more people are aware of the performance and privacy issues Google Chrome poses. However, when people shift from Google Chrome, they mostly move towards another Chromium-based browser, not Firefox. This issue has more to do with the Blink/Chromium monoculture that has effectively silenced other rendering engines!
Firefox is a free, open-source web browser developed by Mozilla, focused on speed, privacy, and security for users on all major platforms. It includes advanced features like tabbed browsing, a built-in password manager, private browsing mode, strong tracker blocking, and customization through thousands of extensions and themes.
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved

I always understood the main arguments for Firefox, being the open source nature and the ""non-profit"" aspect, but I never understood people who say Firefox is better in isolation. It's precisely these aspects that kept Firefox a fan-favorite. Chrome won because it was better if you don't consider these aspects, that's why you can't just ignore them when comparing both, or you're giving a really bad hand to Firefox.
The ""Google asked so people did"" argument also is shaky at best. Windows always wanted you to use Internet Explorer, then Edge, yet you installed Chrome. It's not just about the popularity of Google.
Same for developers. The truth is that the Chrome testing tools are so much more convenient. Add to that the issues with Firefox rendering that aren't the fault of the developers, and you end up not wanting to give special attention to Firerox. Even with the recent improvements to that end on the Firefox side, there are still weird bugs you will only find on Firefox that are easily a decade old (the gradients still not being fixed?).
It's just hostile to work with Firefox, and then add to that the user base, and you end up neglecting it as a dev, yes. It's a browser's job to render what you tell it to render according to the web specs, if I can't tell if it renders wrong because of an error on my side or because the browser is messing with me, of course I'd avoid it unless forced by circumstances.
I've been using Firefox for 25 years. Like an old, comfortable slipper that's recently started to crumble, I installed Chrome just to learn the subject. It's hard for me to say, but the truth is that Chrome is simply an excellent browser. So I use both. Firefox is still my default. Who knows how long....
There is no way you think chrome is subpar.
I've been a Netscape/Mozilla/Firefox user for a long as I can rremember.  For me, nothing is as easy to use, customize, or is more secure.  "
87,2026-06-03,"
The next shipment of the new Nikon NIKKOR Z 70-200mm f/2.8 VR S II lens in Japan is expected in September – this is according to Yodobashi camera:

Map Camera doesn’t even list the lens anymore.
In the US, the new Z 70-200mm lens is currently in stock at Amazon (shipped and sold by Amazon).
The shipment of the new Nikon Nikkor Z 70-200mm f/2.8 VR S II lens could be delayed

Hands-on photos of the new Nikon Nikkor Z 70-200mm f/2.8 VR S II lens (now shipping)

Comparing the new Nikon Nikkor Z 70-200mm f/2.8 VR S II lens with the previous version


Related posts:
FCC disclosure statement: this post may contain affiliate links or promotions that do not cost readers anything but help keep this website alive. As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases. When you click on links to various merchants on this site and make a purchase, this can result in this site earning a commission. Affiliate programs and affiliations include, but are not limited to, the eBay Partner Network. Thanks for your support!

"
88,2026-06-03,"Investing

							AMZN's AWS, advertising, and subscription engines compound faster than retail, driving operating cash flow to $139.5B in 2025.													

							Amazon reinvests instead of paying dividends, generating a ~22% return on equity and 620% share appreciation over the past decade.													

							Jassy notes data centers carry 30-plus-year useful lives, meaning Amazon's ~$200B AI infrastructure spend rewards holders who stay patient.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Amazon didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© jetcityimage / iStock Editorial via Getty Images
Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN | AMZN Price Prediction) is a stock worth owning for decades because its three highest-margin engines (AWS, advertising, and subscriptions) are now compounding faster than its low-margin retail business, and that mix shift is structural.
For a retirement-focused investor who has watched fads come and go, the appeal here is the unusual combination of a consumer utility, a cloud utility, and an advertising platform under one corporate roof, all funded by an operating cash flow machine that produced $139.5 billion in 2025, up from $38.5 billion in 2019.
While the mainstream story still fixates on shipping costs and Prime Day promotions, the forever case lives in the high-margin engines. AWS generated $37.587 billion in Q1 2026 revenue at a 37.7% operating margin, growing 28% year over year, its fastest pace in 15 quarters on a roughly $150 billion annualized base. Advertising, almost invisible a decade ago, now runs at over $70 billion in trailing revenue. The custom silicon business, including Trainium and Graviton, sits at a $20 billion+ annual run rate, with CEO Andy Jassy disclosing “over $225 billion in revenue commitments for Trainium”. These are utility-like revenue streams locked into multi-year customer contracts.
Amazon does not pay a dividend, and that is the point. Capital that would otherwise be distributed is being redeployed into infrastructure with measurable returns: return on equity of ~22.3%, return on assets of ~10.8%, and a gross margin of ~50.3%. Over the past decade, AMZN shares are up 620.18%. Retirees who want income can manufacture it by trimming a sliver of a position that has historically generated its own returns. Income strategies layered on top, like covered-call ETFs, have significantly lagged Amazon’s direct stock performance, which is itself an argument for owning the equity directly.
Amazon has already survived a dot-com collapse, the 2008 financial crisis, the 2020 demand shock, and the 2022 cost reset that briefly produced a $2.7 billion net loss. Each time, operating cash flow returned and then expanded. The balance sheet today carries $101.816 billion in cash against $119.1 billion in long-term debt, with interest coverage of ~35.2x. That is a fortress balance sheet.
Heavy capex periods like this one compress free cash flow. Trailing free cash flow has fallen to $1.2 billion, a 95% decline, as 2026 capital spending heads toward roughly $200 billion to build AI infrastructure. In a recession, that combination can produce flat or negative price action for a year or longer. The forever thesis does not require avoiding those years. As Jassy put it, AWS assets carry “many-year useful lives, 30-plus years for data centers”, with revenue arriving six to 24 months after the cash goes out. A retiree holding for two decades is on the right side of that math.
Long-term holders who can tolerate capex-heavy years have historically been rewarded for sitting through them.
Alex Sirois is a financial writer with experience spanning both retail and institutional investing. He has written for InvestorPlace and held roles at BNY Mellon and Bernstein, giving him a perspective that bridges Main Street portfolios and Wall Street analysis.
Alex holds an MBA from George Washington University and has built his career across multiple industries, including e-commerce, education, and translation — a breadth of experience that informs how he breaks down complex financial topics for everyday investors. His writing is conversational, actionable, and grounded in long-term, buy-and-hold investing principles.
At 247 Wall St., Alex focuses on delivering analysis that is both accessible and useful, with a clear emphasis on helping readers make more informed decisions with their money.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
The very spending that has some investors clutching their portfolios turns out to be the smartest infrastructure bet since the…
Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN | AMZN Price Prediction) has delivered accelerating numbers, a widening moat, and a valuation that makes sense for…
Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN | AMZN Price Prediction) carries a Hold-equivalent profile at $245. The stock has recovered sharply from post-earnings lows,…
Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN | AMZN Price Prediction) has delivered tremendous growth in its Amazon Web Services (AWS) division for years, powering…
Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN | AMZN Price Prediction) and Walmart (NYSE:WMT) reported earnings revealing two companies of nearly identical scale but radically…
Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN | AMZN Price Prediction) and Walmart (NYSE: WMT) reported fourth-quarter results in February. Both companies are chasing the…
Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN | AMZN Price Prediction) is knocking on the door of the $3 trillion club. At $266.32, the stock…
Microsoft’s entrenched software franchise generates enough cash to fund the next platform shift without ever needing permission from the market,…
A caller on Bloomberg Businessweek’s Big Tech Special earnings panel captured the strangest dynamic in this market with a single…"
89,2026-06-03,"
Ends Friday:  Save 35% on an annual Digiday+ membership.


Ends Friday:  Save 35% on an annual Digiday+ membership.

This Future of TV Briefing covers the latest in streaming and TV for Digiday+ members and is distributed over email every Wednesday at 10 a.m. ET. More from the series →
This week’s Future of TV Briefing looks at how AMC Global Media, Disney, Paramount, TelevisaUnivision and Warner Bros. Discovery are combining their linear TV and streaming inventory for ad sales.
Flexibility isn’t the only f-word being flung around in this year’s upfront.
“Fluidity” is one way that companies including AMC Global Media, Disney, Paramount, TelevisaUnivision and Warner Bros. Discovery are able to offer flexibility to upfront advertisers. Rather than treating their traditional TV and streaming ad inventory in separate silos, the sellers are able to pool them together so that ads – and ad dollars – can move fluidly across their respective portfolios.
To be clear, fluidity – otherwise referred to as “converged” – is not a new practice. But it’s taking on greater importance in this year’s upfront. 
“We really believe in fluidity this year to maximize the delivery of whether it’s a traditional linear campaign or a converged campaign that’s cross platform to solve the challenge that we find advertisers have of not reaching full delivery of their campaign,” said Evan Adlman, evp of commercial sales and revenue operations at AMC Global Media.
For starters, traditional TV ad sellers need to continue to transition their ad businesses to streaming in order for the latter’s ad revenue to be proportional to its audience. Relatedly, linear TV inventory is becoming more scarce, making streaming inventory valuable for boosting audience reach. Plus, streaming ad targeting has become more advanced, which can complicate the congruence between the two inventory types as well as create more complementary opportunities.
“The conversations this year are more around first-party data that can be leveraged to help optimize the mix between linear and streaming against the audiences that [advertisers are] trying to reach. So I think it’s almost a little bit more surgical,” said Disney svp of addressable sales Jamie Power. 
“When we talk about fluidity it’s evolved, right? It’s evolved from just paying back people on audience deficiency on streaming or CTV from linear. But now what we’re trying to do is just data-driven video across all of our platforms. It shouldn’t matter how the ad is served. It shouldn’t matter where it runs,” said TelevisaUnivision president of U.S. advertising sales and marketing John Kozack.
Programmatic’s growing role in the upfront is a big part of that. Streaming has always lent itself to programmatic buying’s advanced audience-based targeting. “If you look at our streaming business, 95% or 96% of all streaming campaigns have audience targeting on it. Everything that we’re doing is data-driven and targeted,” said Power.
Companies have been increasingly making their traditional TV more programmatic-like through what’s typically called “data-driven linear,” i.e. traditional TV ads that can be somewhat targeted based on the specific audience segments that are most likely to tune in during certain shows or at certain times of day. These dual developments can help TV-and-streaming ad sellers to better manage campaigns across the two inventory types.
“We can target the same audience, and we can make sure that we have suppression capabilities to suppress the TV watchers when they’re on our streaming environments,” said Leo O’Connor, evp of streaming at Paramount’s advertising division.
The rise of streaming, the popularity of programmatic and the development of data-driven linear have combined to create not only new go-to-market approaches at companies but a new internal ad sales operation at Warner Bros. Discovery.
“We consolidated direct-response, advanced advertising – which is data-driven linear/digital buying and selling – as well as programmatic into one group called growth and performance, who’s a converged sales team that sells across everything. In addition, our holdco and client-direct teams are fully converged too,” said Ryan Gould, president of advertising sales at WBD.
Not everything is fully converged, though. There are still the legacy systems used by traditional TV ad buyers – as the legacy pricing models and currencies – that can muck things up as well.
“It is legacy systems that don’t talk to each other,” said Kozack.
“There is still a splintered reality when we deal with the operations of digital ad serving and linear,” said O’Connor.
“The biggest point of friction is, if we’re offering fluidity, our clients are often looking for a single price point. But they never had a single price point, even when you were selling linear only. So to that point, it’s really just selling through and explaining the value and how we’re going to steward a campaign that may hit five different inventory endpoints at five different price points,” Gould said.
In other words, there are legacy TV ad buying systems that still prize the gross rating point as the primary currency, whereas streaming is oriented around impressions with pricing that can fluctuate based on the audience on the other side of each impression. And there’s still work to be done to translate between the two. 
“There’s a lot of legacy systems that have supported this media type for decades and it’s deep-rooted all the way down to the procurement departments within both buyer and seller, and that’s something that needs to be modernized,” Adlman said.
“This is a really important upfront, because I think that the agency dynamics have changed, with a different agency ecosystem from prior years.”

$100 million: How much Netflix and Spotify may end up paying to poach Jay Shetty from YouTube.
28%: Percentage of streaming subscriptions that are bundled subscriptions.
$15 million: The profit that Paramount expects to net after selling the former “Late Show” time slot to Byron Allen.
Why retailers like Target and Aerie are moving beyond straight affiliate deals with creators:
Read more about creators’ affiliate deals here.
Dhar Mann is going to Tribeca X to prove CTV can do TV’s job — and that creators belong in the conversation:
Read more about Dhar Mann here.
As feeds become entertainment hubs, marketers rethink social’s role:
Read more about social’s shift to entertainment here.
The healthcare creator is finally diagnosing how they best fit into the creator economy:
Read more about healthcare creators here.
Universal Ads must pass the pizza test if it’s to steal ad dollars from social:
Read more about Universal Ads here.
YouTubers’ Hollywood takeover:
Kane Parsons’ “Backrooms” is one of three hit movies made by YouTube creators this year that are confirming the platform’s place in the entertainment firmament, according to The New York Times.
Hulu’s shelf life:
Disney plans to fully fold Hulu into Disney+ and phase out the pioneering streamer’s standalone app by the end of this year, according to Business Insider.
CTV’s email-based ID problem:
CTV ad buyers and sellers aren’t buying into alternative IDs because they see downsides to using individual-level identifiers on a household-level device, according to AdExchanger.
Disney’s ads boss:
Rita Ferro has overseen an overhaul of Disney’s advertising business that includes the development of its ad tech stack and consolidation of its ad sales efforts, according to CNBC.
WTF is a podcast?:
As podcasts have morphed from radio talk shows to TV talk shows, industry organizations including Spotify and YouTube are trying to define what exactly is a podcast these days and how should podcast ads be measured, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
This week’s Future of TV Briefing looks at the conversations that upfront sellers including Disney, Paramount and Warner Bros. Discovery are looking to have with advertisers regarding incorporating AI agents in ad buys.
Digiday+ Research’s fifth annual report analyzes the state of ad-supported streaming and the challenges those companies pose to marketers.
This week’s Future of TV Briefing looks at how major TV and streaming ad sellers are seeing upfront deals represent a larger share of their programmatic businesses.
Get access to tools and analysis to stay ahead of the trends transforming media and marketing
Visit your account page to make changes and renew.
Get Digiday's top stories every morning in your email inbox.
Follow @Digiday for the latest news, insider access to events and more."
90,2026-06-03,"Investing

							The market now punishes beat-and-raise quarters lacking AI attribution, as seen with ASML and ServiceNow, both of which fell despite exceeding revenue estimates and raising guidance.													

							Snowflake, Dell, and HPE surged between 19% and 33% after explicitly crediting AI demand, proving 'due to AI' now functions as a valuation multiplier.													

							The Information Technology sector commands a record 37% of S&P 500 market cap, nearly double its weighting at the 2020 pandemic low.													

Don't wait: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just revealed his top 10 AI stocks. See the full list FREE now.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Bigc Studio / Shutterstock.com

The stock market has always rewarded companies that outperform expectations. For decades, the formula was simple: beat earnings estimates, raise guidance, and watch the stock move higher. But the AI boom has changed the rules.
Today, the S&P 500 continues to notch fresh all-time highs, yet much of that strength is concentrated in a relatively small group of AI-related stocks. According to S&P Dow Jones Indices data, the Information Technology sector now represents roughly 37% of the S&P 500’s market capitalization, the highest level ever recorded and nearly double its weighting near the market’s 2020 pandemic low.
Increasingly, it isn’t enough for management teams to report strong results. Investors want to hear three specific words attached to those results:
“Due to AI.”
For years, Wall Street rewarded operational excellence. A company that exceeded analysts’ estimates and increased future guidance typically saw its stock rise because investors viewed the stronger outlook as evidence of growing demand.
That relationship is weakening. In April. Both ASML (NASDAQ:ASML | ASML Price Prediction) and ServiceNow (NYSE:NOW) delivered what investors traditionally would have called “beat-and-raise” quarters. Revenue exceeded expectations and guidance moved higher, yet both stocks declined following their reports.
The issue wasn’t the numbers. Instead, it was investors increasingly wanting proof that a company’s growth is directly tied to artificial intelligence. Strong performance alone is no longer enough to command premium valuations.
Let’s look at what happened recently when companies explicitly linked their results to AI demand.
Each company reported strong fundamentals. More importantly, each management team credited AI adoption as a major driver of those results. That’s what investors were buying.
This trend extends well beyond earnings season. Earlier this year, Uber Technologies (NYSE:UBER) launched additional robotaxi services. While autonomous vehicle initiatives were hardly new information, the company’s announcements repeatedly emphasized AI-powered technology and autonomous driving capabilities. The stock gained roughly 5% following one such rollout announcement despite much of the underlying development already being known to investors.
In other words, AI isn’t simply creating new products. It’s changing how the market values existing businesses.
Fund flows tell the same story. According to ETF industry data, the iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF (CBOE:IGV) attracted more than $1.5 billion in net inflows through the end of May, marking its third-largest monthly inflow since November 2025. Investors aren’t merely buying technology stocks anymore. They’re concentrating capital into companies perceived as direct beneficiaries of AI adoption.
That distinction matters because valuation expansion often contributes more to stock performance than earnings growth alone.
Granted, not every company invoking AI deserves a higher stock price. Wall Street eventually separates genuine AI revenue growth from marketing buzzwords. Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META) stock is down nearly 11% since earnings, despite a beat-and-raise quarter and the massive amount of capex going toward AI infrastructure.
Still, the market’s message is unmistakable. A company can beat earnings estimates, exceed revenue forecasts, and raise guidance. Yet if management cannot clearly connect that performance to AI demand, investors may view the results as less valuable than they would have just a few years ago.
Meanwhile, companies that can demonstrate AI-driven revenue growth are receiving valuation premiums that would have seemed difficult to justify before the current cycle began.
In short, the most important words during earnings season are no longer “beat estimates.”
They are “due to AI.”
After two decades of patrolling the dark corners of suburbia as a police officer, Rich Duprey hung up his badge and gun to begin writing full time about stocks and investing. For the past 20 years he’s been cruising the markets looking for companies to lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio while writing extensively on the broad sectors of consumer goods, technology, and industrials. Because his experience isn’t from the typical financial analyst track, Rich is able to break down complex topics into understandable and useful action points for the average investor. His writings have appeared on The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, Yahoo! Finance, and Money Morning. He has been featured in both U.S. and international publications, including MarketWatch, Financial Times, Forbes, Fast Company, and USA Today.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) remains the undisputed leader in AI hardware, but its 45x trailing P/E ratio…
Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD) | AMD Price Prediction reports FY2025 full-year and Q4 earnings on Feb. 3, 2026, after…
Palantir Technologies Inc. (PLTR) reports Q4 2025 earnings today after market close. Wall Street expects earnings of $0.23 per share…
Investors looking for a top robotics stock to load up on in September certainly have plenty of options to choose…
MongoDB’s Signal for AI Stock Growth MongoDB (NASDAQ:MDB | MDB Price Prediction) stunned investors with its second-quarter earnings report yesterday,…
Investors looking for the next stage of economic growth are largely focused on the tech sector. Companies involved in the…
Live Updates LIVE UPDATES IN PROGRESS — Stay on This Page Pinned Feb 25, 2026 at 3:30 PM EST We…
Live Updates Dell's Conference Call Up Next Nov 25, 2025 at 4:34 PM EST Call Details: 4:30 PM ET today via…
Palantir Technologies (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) is approaching a critical moment with its upcoming earnings report scheduled for February…
"
91,2026-06-03,"If there is one constant amid this AI-fueled, record-setting run for the stock market, it’s the debate over whether it’s all one big bubble."
92,2026-06-03,"
					By Justin Kroll 
Film Editor

EXCLUSIVE: Here is a hot package set to hit the market later this week that is sure to have a lot of studio execs losing their heads. Filmmaker and screenwriter Lindsey Anderson Beer has sold her debut novel, Hollow to Putnam, an imprint of Penguin Random House, and is now planning to turn that novel into a feature film with Sydney Sweeney attached to star. 

	Beer will direct and adapt the script. LuckyChap will produce along with Beer through her Lab Brew banner as well as Sweeney who will produce through her Honey Trap banner. The project will be Honey Trap’s first official film it will produce following the announcement the company, which Deadline broke yesterday.

	










	As for the novel, Putnam, which has a track record of launching more bestsellers than any other publishing house, made the major preemptive acquisition that took the project off the market before it could proceed to auction. Sources say the novel generated significant industry competition immediately upon submission.




			Watch on Deadline		






	The novel is a bold reimagining of The Legend of Sleepy Hollow, told through the perspective of Katrina Van Tassel. Reframing one of literature’s most iconic heroines, the novel positions Van Tassel not as a romantic prize, but as the central figure in a dangerous mystery and seductive supernatural love triangle. The story blends gothic atmosphere, psychological intrigue, and erotic thriller elements into a contemporary, high-concept reinvention of the classic tale.

	Sweeney will play Van Tassel in the feature version. The novel is being fast-tracked for publication and is scheduled for release in Fall 2027, timed to align with development of a feature film adaptation.

	The book quickly hit studio book scout lists and the film adaptation has generated significant interest ahead of reads. The material aligns closely with all parties mandates and visions and leading to Sweeney, Honey Trap and LuckyChap all committing in record time.

RELATED: ‘The Housemaid’s Secret’: Kirsten Dunst Joins Sydney Sweeney In Lionsgate Sequel











	Sources say the package will hopefully hit the market officially as soon as this week.

	Sweeney is repped by Brillstein Entertainment Partners, Beer is repped by Brillstein Entertainment Partners and WME and LuckyChap is repped by CAA and Entertainment 360.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong.
Comment 
Name 
Email 
Website 
 



Δ
Sydney was literally born to play Katrina. Can’t wait!
OMG YES to everything about this. This better be period!!!
Can’t wait for this!!
Lindsey Anderson Beer does it again!
Does what?
Where do I buy my ticket!
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
93,2026-06-03,"Grayscale said Wednesday it launched a Hyperliquid (HYPE) exchange-traded product (ETP) with the lowest fee among its U.S.-listed competitors, escalating a price war in one of crypto's newest and fastest-growing ETF categories.
The asset manager announced the Grayscale Hyperliquid Staking ETF (HYPG) on Nasdaq, disclosing a 0.29% sponsor fee and confirming the ticker HYPG. The fee undercuts rival Hyperliquid products from both 21Shares and Bitwise and marks the first meaningful fee competition in the emerging market for HYPE investment products.
21Shares' Hyperliquid ETF, THYP, began trading on Nasdaq on May 12 with a 0.30% expense ratio. Bitwise's BHYP launched three days later on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) with a promotional 0% fee for its first month but will rise to 0.34%. On a normalized basis, Grayscale's 0.29% fee is now the lowest among the three offerings.
The rapid emergence of multiple Hyperliquid funds reflects growing investor interest in the protocol behind the HYPE token. Hyperliquid began as a decentralized perpetual futures exchange but has expanded into a broader blockchain ecosystem that supports smart contracts, tokenized assets and new financial markets.
Unlike traditional crypto ETFs that simply hold an underlying asset, HYPG is designed to generate additional returns through staking. The fund will seek exposure to HYPE while participating in the network's staking process, allowing investors to capture staking rewards through the ETF structure. Grayscale said HYPE staking rewards have historically averaged about 2.2% annually.
The launch comes as Hyperliquid has emerged as one of the most closely watched projects in decentralized finance. According to Grayscale, the protocol generated approximately $857 million in revenue during 2025, making it one of the highest-earning applications in crypto.
Much of investor interest has centered on Hyperliquid's economic model. Grayscale said roughly 99% of protocol fees are directed toward token buybacks, a mechanism supporters argue links network usage directly to HYPE's value accrual.
""The launch of HYPG on Nasdaq reflects our conviction that Hyperliquid represents something genuinely differentiated in the digital asset landscape, a protocol built to support onchain trading and market activity at scale,"" Krista Lynch, Grayscale's senior vice president of capital markets, said in a statement.
The fund's debut adds another sign that institutional investors are increasingly looking beyond bitcoin and ether toward crypto-native infrastructure projects that generate revenue and resemble traditional financial networks. Hyperliquid's growth in perpetual futures trading, combined with its expansion into tokenized assets and other financial products, has led some analysts to view it as a potential building block for a broader onchain market infrastructure.

More For You
Presto Research says bitcoin's drawdowns this year have coincided with rallies in AI stocks and gold as markets scale back expectations for Fed rate cuts.
What to know: 
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
94,2026-06-03,"Advertisement
A UN report warns of the rapid growth in AI energy consumption, but suggests users can improve efficiency by making prompts more concise
By Luke Taylor

                                    3 June 2026
                                    

ChatGPT now processes around 2.5 billion queries every dayAlina Vytiuk / Alamy Stock Photo
ChatGPT now processes around 2.5 billion queries every day
Alina Vytiuk / Alamy Stock Photo
UN researchers are urging people to be less polite to artificial intelligences after a report found that cutting words from prompts could reduce ChatGPT’s energy consumption by up to 25 per cent.
Removing “please”, “thank you” and other unnecessary words from AI prompts could save 87 to 98 gigawatt-hours of electricity per year, the report from the UN University Institute for Water, Environment and Health (UNU-INWEH) found. That is the equivalent of the annual residential electricity use of up to 760,000 people in sub-Saharan Africa.
 Read more'Flashes of brilliance and frustration': I let an AI agent run my day 
Read more
'Flashes of brilliance and frustration': I let an AI agent run my day
Advertisement
To reduce their energy consumption and carbon footprint, people should write concise prompts, avoid getting sucked into conversation loops and refrain from starting relationships with AI, the researchers said.
“We are not saying be rude to your AI. But don’t fall into the interaction trap and don’t go falling in love with it either,” says Kaveh Madani at UNU-INWEH.
The large language models behind AI chatbots process text in small units known as tokens. Madani says concise prompts can save energy because they can reduce both the number of tokens the model has to process and the number it generates in response. In some cases, shorter prompts may also simplify the task, further reducing the power required.
Free newsletter
The latest on what’s new in science and why it matters each day.
The UN study – one of the most comprehensive assessments of the environmental costs of AI to date – warns of rapidly increasing energy, land and water use due to the growing adoption of the technology.
ChatGPT alone now processes around 2.5 billion queries every day and Google 16 billion, the majority of which have integrated AI summaries.
Tech companies disclose little information on their energy use, so the researchers used the available data for their data centres.
AI currently accounts for about 20 per cent of the energy used by data centres, but that share is projected to double to around 40 per cent in the next few years. By 2030, AI alone could consume around 378 terawatt-hours a year and data centres could use 945 TWh in total — almost 3 per cent of projected global electricity use.
The 9.3 trillion litres of water projected to be needed by data centres by 2030 is enough to meet the minimum annual domestic water needs of all 1.3 billion people in sub-Saharan Africa.
“You’re looking at something on a global scale that is being adopted faster than any other technology in the history of technology, so the energy use is increasing very rapidly,” says Miriam Aczel at UNU-INWEH.
 Read moreAI may blunt our thinking skills – here’s what you can do about it 
Read more
AI may blunt our thinking skills – here’s what you can do about it
The researchers said AI companies should be required to publish their energy consumption, while governments should introduce energy caps on companies and individuals, but it is also crucial to educate the public on how to use AI efficiently.
People should be encouraged to avoid using AI unnecessarily and, when they do use it, to cut words and use less powerful models, says Madani.
They should also be aware that generating an image uses 60 times more energy than a text query, enough to power a 10-watt LED bulb for about 17 minutes.
A complex video uses up to 8000 times more than text and could power the same bulb for about 1.7 days.
“We are not saying AI is bad,” says Madani. “We are just saying let’s use it in a proper way. It’s like a knife: you can save a patient’s life in the operating theatre, but you can also kill someone with it.”
Reference:Environmental Cost of AI’s Energy Use: Carbon, Water and Land Footprints DOI: 10.53328/INR26RMA002
Reference:
Environmental Cost of AI’s Energy Use: Carbon, Water and Land Footprints DOI: 10.53328/INR26RMA002
























































































How our children can flourish in the age of AI
 


Daniel Susskind asks what should the next generation learn, and stop worrying about, in an AI-shaped world? He cuts through outdated advice, showing how to embrace technology without losing essential human skills.



Learn more


 
Daniel Susskind asks what should the next generation learn, and stop worrying about, in an AI-shaped world? He cuts through outdated advice, showing how to embrace technology without losing essential human skills.
Topics:

          Advertisement
        

        Receive a weekly dose of discovery in your inbox. We'll also keep you up to date with 
          New Scientist
        
        events and special offers.
      

                Explore the latest news, articles and features
              
Comment
Analysis
News
News
Trending New Scientist articles

          Advertisement
        
Download the app"
95,2026-06-03,"A Binance legal document disclosed a revenue-sharing agreement with Alpaca, which includes sharing 50% of the stock custodian’s order flow revenue with the cryptocurrency exchange.
Binance disclosed a revenue-sharing arrangement with custodian and brokerage infrastructure API provider Alpaca, which has become a major infrastructure provider in the custody of tokenized US stocks and exchange-traded funds (ETFs).
Under Binance Securities Trading Terms published Tuesday, Binance will receive 50% of Alpaca’s payment-for-order-flow fees and 65% of remaining profit from user stock lending after users are paid interest, Binance will receive 50% of Alpaca’s payment-for-order-flow, or PFOF, fees and 65% of profit from user stock lending after the platform pays user interest.
Alpaca provides brokerage, clearing and custody infrastructure for Binance’s stock trading product and is also a major infrastructure provider in tokenized US stocks and ETFs. The company raised $150 million at an $1.15 billion valuation for its brokerage infrastructure in January.
The disclosure shows how Binance may monetize its push beyond crypto after launching access to more than 7,000 US-listed stocks and ETFs and previewing a later tokenized stock product called bStocks.
Cointelegraph contacted Binance for comment on the arrangement and asked whether it holds a minority stake in Alpaca.

Binance Securities Trading Terms for tokenized stocks and ETFs, Revenue-Sharing Arrangements. Source: Binance
Alpaca said it held $480 million in assets under custody (AUC) as of December 2025, which represents a 29% market share of the current $1.62 billion value of total tokenized stocks, according to data provider RWA.xyz.
The total value of tokenized stocks rose by around 29% during the past 30 days, while holders rose 35% to 304,700. However, monthly active addresses declined by over 77%, to 31,877, signaling that investors are holding, rather than actively trading, these assets.

Tokenized stock market total value. Source: RWA.xyz 
Other large cryptocurrency exchanges are also expanding their offering to include US stocks and ETFs, responding to the growing investor demand for more accessible blockchain-based trading products.
In April, crypto exchange Bitget launched a proxy offering tied to the pre-initial public offering (IPO) phase of Elon Musk’s aerospace manufacturing and space transportation company, SpaceX, Cointelegraph reported at the time. 
Related: South Korea plans July rules for tokenized securities
Binance also launched a SpaceX-linked pre-IPO futures product tied to the expected valuation of the company ahead of its public listing, Cointelegraph reported on May 21.

Source: Binance
In January, Vienna-based crypto exchange Bitpanda said it was expanding its offering to include about 10,000 stocks and ETFs.
In April 2025, Kraken launched  11,000 US-listed stocks and ETFs with commission-free trading in an effort to bring “equities and digital assets together” under one trading platform, as part of a “phased national rollout.” 
Magazine: Block by block: Blockchain technology is transforming the real estate market
More on the subject
Cointelegraph is committed to providing independent, high-quality journalism across the crypto, blockchain, AI, and fintech industries.
All news, reviews, and analyses are produced with full journalistic independence and integrity. For more details on our standards and processes, please read our Editorial Policy."
96,2026-06-03,"FIFA won't admit that they originally overpriced the games, but large blocks of seats are now appearing on the secondary market for lower prices
June 3, 2026
June 2, 2026
June 2, 2026
The 2026 FIFA World Cup is eight days away, and at long last, tickets are starting to look… reasonably priced?
Well, sort of. After FIFA’s initial ticket sales period — which made headlines for its exorbitant prices — came and went, the secondary market showed the prices in free fall, with costs down 24% across a 30-day period as of May 14th. Now, certain matches (like Canada’s home opener vs. Bosnia-Herzegovina) have dropped as low as 36% from the original face-value listings on FIFA’s official marketplace, and several matches (like Saudi Arabia vs. Cape Verde) show swaths of new seats added to secondary market inventory. So, what changed?
Get FIFA World Cup Tickets Here
One theory for the new supply of cheaper secondary market tickets, outlined below, is that FIFA realized they couldn’t sell a significant amount of tickets at face value, so they’re partnering with resale platforms like StubHub and SeatGeek and releasing batches of tickets there; it’s FIFA’s attempt to recoup some money without admitting they overpriced the games.

Granted, tickets for knockout matches and high profile group stage games like Colombia vs. Portugal in Miami remain highly-priced and, as far as we can tell, limited in supply. Still, after FIFA president and slimeball Gianni Infantino promised that every World Cup game would sell out despite the high price tag, the steady free fall of ticket costs on the secondary market shows that FIFA certainly missed the mark on using the dynamic pricing model and making face value tickets so unreasonably expensive.
The World Cup kicks off next week with Mexico vs. South Africa on June 11th; the tournament runs until July 19th. Pick up tickets for the 2026 FIFA World Cup here.
I believe we now have evidence of FIFA's World Cup ticketing shell game: FIFA is colluding with third-party resale platforms for its own supply management.
Look at this SeatGeek map (secondary market!) for Saudi Arabia vs Cape Verde. The circled areas are not random single… pic.twitter.com/qcqrp2SDa0
— Florian Ederer (@florianederer) June 2, 2026

Consequence may earn an affiliate commission via purchases made through links on this article.
Get the latest headlines delivered straight to your inbox with our daily email digest.

June 3, 2026


June 3, 2026


June 2, 2026


June 2, 2026


May 28, 2026


May 26, 2026


May 21, 2026


May 21, 2026
"
