,date,content
0,2026-06-19,"Bonnie Chiurazzi did what people usually do after a layoff: process it, apply for jobs, and ask connections about opportunities.
When applications weren't leading to a new gig, she decided to try something new. With savings and severance to fall back on, she started her own market research firm, Vibe Insights Lab.
""I figured I might as well start my own business because I already know how to do everything required to get the work done,"" said Chiurazzi, who was laid off as director of market insights at Glassdoor in September 2024. ""No point in waiting for someone to hire me to do it.""
In addition to — or instead of — playing the job-search game of personalizing résumés for each opening, attending interview rounds, and hoping not to get ghosted by employers, job seekers can develop their own businesses. It's an opportunity for people new to the workforce and those with long work histories, ready to see whether they can use their expertise to become their own boss, especially at a time when it's easier to start a venture.
Have you made a career pivot? Reach out to this reporter at mhoff@businessinsider.com or fill out this form to let us know about what major career trade-offs you've made.
Chiurazzi initially thought this would be a temporary ""corporate detox,"" but now hopes her consultancy will be her career moving forward. She surpassed her revenue goals last year and is ahead of her 2026 targets. Chiurazzi, who has a few students and others helping her out on a contract basis, thinks one reason business is going so well is that she's able to support teams who recently experienced budget cuts and layoffs by filling the gap.
""AI isn't actually picking up the slack, so they need a cost-effective research expert to support them,"" she said.
While US job growth is healthy again, with the highest three-month average since 2024, over 7 million people are unemployed and actively looking for work. The job market also has stubborn weak spots: It's an especially challenging time to be searching in the tech-heavy information sector or the white-collar-heavy financial activities sector. That could mean striking out on your own might be an especially appealing option.
Take smart steps toward the goals you've been thinking about.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Kory Kantenga, LinkedIn's head of economics for the Americas, said LinkedIn data showed that many US business founders think entrepreneurship in a slower job market is more accessible and achievable than it was for previous generations.
""We're seeing that play out in longer job searches and declining job mobility,"" he said. ""The share of LinkedIn members becoming founders has surged 75% since 2022, with some of the fastest growth in sectors like Education and Tech.""
Torsten Slok, the chief economist at Apollo Global Management, believes the increase in business formation is likely being powered by AI because it's cheaper and easier to get started. ""As these firms scale, they will create jobs, underscoring that AI is likely to strengthen, not disrupt, the US labor market,"" Slok wrote.
It's tougher to be young and actively looking for a role. A chart from Nicolas Petrosky-Nadeau, vice president in the economic research department of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, showed that the flow from unemployment to employment has dwindled more so for 16- to 24-year-olds than 25- to 54-year-olds. He said there's no sign the gap between the two groups will close soon.
Jessica Cao, who is in her 20s, thinks there could be rising college-student interest in entrepreneurship because people can leverage tech tools, and because students may consider available jobs as less stable than having control of their own business.
Cao isn't worrying about job applications. The Stanford University graduate had been using her passions for computer science, writing, and creativity to create an interactive story game called World37.
Cao has been developing and beta-testing it while attending school, and though she's always wanted to lean into entrepreneurship, she finds that it can be more horrifying than looking for a job. She said she became fascinated with using AI agents to represent human behavior, personality, and memory, and realized she could build her dream game.
A study — conducted from January to February 2025 by Jobs for the Future, The Families & Workers Fund, the W.E. Upjohn Institute for Employment Research, and Gallup — found 46% of self-employed people were in quality jobs, which the report defined as jobs with good pay, autonomy, strong culture, and opportunities, compared to 39% of employees.
Maria Flynn, CEO of Jobs for the Future, said ""the gap really comes from self-employed individuals really feeling that they have more agency in their role, more voice in their role, and more control over their job structure"" rather than from higher earnings, Flynn said. The study found that more full-time employees reported earning a living wage than self-employed respondents.
About two-thirds of self-employed workers felt they had agency and voice, versus half of employees. Almost half of self-employed workers felt good about their financial well-being, meaning their pay, benefits, and job security. Just 39% of employees said the same. Flynn said the results show there are trade-offs in working for yourself or someone else, so people should consider what's best for them.
On the other end of Gen Zers developing businesses are older generations who have spent years progressing in traditional careers, but now want to go all in on entrepreneurship.
Chiurazzi, the former Glassdoor worker who is in her 40s, thought about developing her own research consultancy back in her 20s. However, she thought she would need to build up experience first. She worked in market research roles for over a dozen years, and thought she would need 20 or 25 years before pivoting.
When she had a hard time finding work post-layoff and reflected on what corporate tech life was like, she figured this could be the perfect chance to try solopreneurship.
""So much of corporate life is defending your job: Here's why I should be involved in this project. Here's why my passion for this matters, or here's why my experience with this other client matters here,"" Chiurazzi said, adding, ""you want to help the company, and just the fighting to do your job part was really wearying on me.""
People looking to be their own boss don't have to go into it completely alone. Chiurazzi said she has a mentor who was in the same line of work. She's interviewed other business owners for advice, works with contractors she knows, and leveraged her network to get her first clients.
""Even though I am technically a company of one, I'm just a one-woman show, I feel like I have a whole network of support behind me, so it doesn't feel as lonely as I thought it would feel starting a business,"" she said.
Darnah Thompson, who is in her 30s, also leveraged connections to get her business going. She started Books & Brand, a publishing and personal branding business, by accident.
Thompson said that when she was laid off from a publishing agency job, she wanted to still help clients. ""I didn't have anything else to do, so I just offered to help those authors, get on a free call with them, talk them through what their next possible steps could be, because a lot of their projects were in my brain, and then they were like, 'Well, could you help us publish our books?'"" she said. ""So I started helping them while stepping into another full-time job.""
Before pivoting her work from a side hustle to full-time, she wanted to make sure she was generating more money than her total budget for personal and business expenses for three straight months. Once she felt confident in her financial situation, she went all in on her business in August 2024.
Thompson initially felt imposter syndrome, since she never saw herself running a publishing business and was comparing herself to large agencies. ""They've got all of the employees and all of the staffing. And so I just had to really look at the industry, do an analysis, what can I offer that's different?"" she said.
She's feeling more confident after understanding what sets her apart and loving the work she's doing. Thompson used to manage teams in previous positions, but prefers a solopreneur life, saying, ""the weight of the responsibility isn't what I want in my life."" She's been enjoying creativity and freedom over her work, such as choosing her clients, and loves that she's building her legacy.
Burnout, loneliness, and scaling a business on her own can be challenges, but Thompson has found solutions, including calendar management, scheduling time off in advance, and delegating work to contractors when applicable.
She's also hoping to become a mom in the near future, so she's figuring out how to evolve her business and adjust her workload. One way she's doing so is by introducing digital education courses that teach people how to publish their own books.
""The best thing about having a business is you can make shifts,"" she said. ""You don't have to ask anyone else. You can make shifts in your business strategy, in your scalability, in your workload.""
Flynn, the CEO of Jobs for the Future, suggested new entrants or job switchers rank the qualities they want in a job and what it means for their life situation.
""If it is things like pay and benefits and that type of stability, then a traditional employment model might be right for you, but if you are looking for something that is more flexible where you have a little more say over the type of work you do and the conditions in which you do that work, then you may want to be open to more of a self-employment route,"" she said.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
1,2026-06-19,"
Steam ControllerSteam MachineValve 
Discovering that your new hardware product is more popular than you were expecting is a nice problem to have, but it’s far less fun to be on the (not) receiving end. Valve’s Steam Controller, which is a very decent if pricey way to play games, sold out in less than an hour on its May 4 launch day. The $100 device was restocked quickly, with a new reservation system put in place to stave off scalpers, but it turns out those reservation queues are lasting a lot longer than anyone was expecting. Valve is now warning prospective buyers that they won’t be receiving their controller until 2027 at the earliest.
In a news post on Steam, Valve explains that the company “quickly saw that initial demand exceeded our expectations,” adding that the after-the-horse-had-bolted reservation system has “(hopefully) cut down on the headaches on the customer side,” and also that “it’s…been helpful as we plan ahead and try to get as many out as quickly as we are able.” But, that ability is still going to fall short of the extraordinary demand.
From now on, when you make a reservation to be put in the order queue for the controller, teeny little text will appear letting you know when you can expect that order to be fulfilled. And if you hit that button today, you’re going to get told the very depressing and surprisingly unhelpful result, “2027.”
If you’ve already entered a reservation in the past few weeks, you can now go back and check to see when you might be likely to receive one. This breaks down to three windows: By September 2026; By December 2026; and In 2027. Valve adds that the latter result has “additional information on specific timing to come.”
The feverish response is understandable. Valve’s previous controller was well liked and uniquely well-designed for PC gaming, and the 2026 version is an improvement in every way. It may look ridiculous, but the two trackpads allow for mouse-like control of PC gaming via your thumbs, while the rest of the controller offers everything else you’d expect from a rival model. It’s essentially a Steam Deck with the screen removed, and given the soon-to-come madness that will accompany the launch of Valve’s Steam Machine mini-PCs, it’s clearly going to be the preferred way to interact with those. If you can get one.
That does raise another interesting question: It’s widely expected that the Steam Machine, for which a release date announcement is imminent, will be offered in a bundle with a Steam Controller. That only makes sense, right? It’s a PC for sticking under your TV, letting you play games from the couch. Setting up a mouse and keyboard in that situation isn’t helpful, and while an Xbox controller or the like will work just fine for some games, you won’t be having a satisfying game ofÂ Civilization VII that way. So is Valve holding back Steam Controllers for this summer’s launch of the Machines? To do so while not selling them separately for at least the next six months would be weird, but to not do so would be an equally bemusing decision. (Either way, expect the Steam Machine atÂ any price to sell out equally instantly.)Â We’ve reached out to Valve to ask.
Donât miss the latest reviews, news and tips. Sign up for our free newsletter.

          Get ready to add to your wishlist pile with this eclectic collection
        

          The event has been flooded by games containing AI-generated content
        

          According to Valve, Steam gift card scams have become such an issue for the platform that its made the 'difficult' decision to discontinue their physical sales altogether
        

          The company also confirmed that its standalone VR headset will arrive in that same timeframe
        

          'Supracompetitive'
        

          Then people turned around and dunked on Sweeney for laying off 1,000 employees
        
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2026 KOTAKU USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
2,2026-06-19,"Like every piece of gear you wear on your body day in and day out, fitness trackers are incredibly personal. The right tracker for you should be comfortable, accurate, and tailored to your lifestyle, including your preferred workouts and health goals. Do you bike, row, or strength train? Do you run on trails for hours at a time, or do you just want a reminder to stand up every hour? Do you want to wear it on your wrist or your finger, or tuck it into your sports bra?
No matter what your needs are, there’s never been a better time to find a powerful, sophisticated tool to help optimize your workouts or jump-start your routine. We test dozens of fitness trackers every year while running, climbing, hiking, or just doing workout videos on our iPads at night, to bring you these picks.
Our top choice for most people is the Garmin Vivoactive 6 ($300), which works well with Android and iOS, but we also vouch for the latest Oura Ring 5 ($399) and the budget-friendly Google Fitbit Air ($100). For more wearables, check out our guides to the Best Smartwatches, Best Smart Rings, and Best Sleep Trackers.
Amazon
Amazon
Oura
Amazon
Garmin
Amazon
REI
Garmin
Best Buy
Garmin makes some of the most accurate fitness trackers on the market, and the Vivoactive 6 is the best midrange option for most people. It strikes a solid balance between smartwatch features and fitness tracking, with support for both iPhone and Android users.
Why WIRED recommends: The Vivoactive 6 is accurate, comfortable, and packed with useful wellness features without feeling overwhelming. It uses Garmin's proprietary algorithms to power features like Morning Report and Body Battery, which provide daily insights into your sleep, recovery, and readiness. It also has built-in satellite connectivity and GPS, so you can track outdoor workouts without bringing your phone along. There's also incident detection, which alerts emergency contacts if it detects a serious fall.
Garmin's biggest advantage remains its free Connect platform, which enables health and fitness tracking without requiring a subscription. The company also continues to add new software features through regular updates without putting them behind a paywall.
The trade-offs: Garmin launched Connect+, a $70-per-year subscription with extras like live tracking and access to Garmin's AI-powered Active Intelligence. Former editor Adrienne So doesn't think most people need it, but it's worth noting if you're looking for a completely subscription-free experience. The Vivoactive 6 may also feel like overkill for casual users who only want basic activity and sleep tracking.
TL;DR: If you want a reliable fitness tracker with excellent accuracy, long-term software support, and no required subscription, the Vivoactive 6 is the one to buy.
Google
Amazon
Best Buy
Google
The Google Fitbit Air is a fitness tracker designed to disappear into your routine. It delivers a Whoop-like experience, but at a lower overall cost and with data that's much easier for beginners to digest.
Why WIRED recommends: The Fitbit Air offers the core features most people want from a fitness tracker, including but not limited to activity tracking, cardiovascular insights, and sleep monitoring. Its screenless design makes it an especially good pick for people who find smartwatches distracting or uncomfortable but still want a consistent record of their health. If you want deeper guidance, Google's Health Coach adds AI-powered recommendations, personalized check-ins, and adaptive feedback based on your habits and goals. Unlike the Google Pixel Watch lineup, it's compatible with both Android and iPhone. Plus, at just 12 grams, it's the lightest Fitbit yet, comfortable to wear all day and night.
The trade-offs: You'll need to bring your phone for location tracking, and serious runners or cyclists will get more useful data from a Garmin. The optional Google Health Coach may also feel unnecessary if you prefer analyzing your own data rather than receiving automated guidance.
TL;DR: The Google Fitbit Air is the best-value fitness tracker for people who want a lightweight, screen-free wearable with advanced health tracking and optional AI coaching without paying for a premium device.
Oura
Oura
Amazon
The latest Oura Ring 5 is the best fitness tracker for people who don't want to wear a smartwatch. It has no screen, notifications, or distractions. Instead, it simply collects health data in the background and turns it into digestible insights about your activity, sleep, and recovery.
Why WIRED recommends: The latest Oura is 40 percent smaller than its predecessor, making it one of the comfiest wearables to keep on all day and night. The Ring 5 also features redesigned sensors, stronger signal detection, and consequently, better accuracy, while maintaining its durable titanium design. It also has improved battery life, lasting up to nine days of use.
The biggest new feature is Oura's push toward AI-powered health guidance. Similar to Google Health Coach, the Oura Advisor can answer wellness questions, provide personalized recommendations, and help identify patterns across your long-term data. New health features, including blood pressure signals and nighttime breathing insights, expand Oura's focus beyond basic fitness tracking.
The trade-offs: The Ring 5 isn't the best choice for athletes who need live workout stats or a built-in GPS. While it now supports live activity tracking through the app and can work with compatible heart rate monitors, a smartwatch is still better for workouts. Smart rings are also not ideal to wear during strength training or contact sports. Finally, you'll need an Oura membership ($6 per month or $70 annually) to unlock most of its insights.
TL;DR: The Oura Ring 5 is the best smart ring, with a smaller design, upgraded durability, and a suite of AI-powered wellness features.
Apple
Amazon
Apple
Best Buy
Walmart
For years, we've said you don't need to upgrade to the newest Apple Watch if you already own a recent model, but the Series 11 is the rare exception.
Why WIRED recommends: Apple finally improved the watch's battery life enough to make overnight wear more realistic, with up to 24 hours of use. Its new sleep score incorporates factors such as bedtime, sleep duration, and interruptions to evaluate your rest, though it's overly generous and less detailed than what you'll find on dedicated sleep trackers. The standout upgrade is the FDA-cleared hypertension notifications, which can alert you to signs of high blood pressure after 30 days of wear. The Series 11 also brings back blood oxygen sensing after a prolonged patent dispute and is compatible with watchOS 27, which means access to the new Siri AI.
The trade-offs: Excluding the improved battery life, the Series 11 isn't a huge upgrade over its predecessor, which has many of the same software features. If you spend a lot of time outdoors, the sturdier Apple Watch Ultra 3 may be a better fit thanks to its even more impressive battery life (up to 42 hours) and satellite communication features.
TL;DR: The Series 11 is the best fitness tracker for iPhone users who want a refined smartwatch experience, reliable health tracking, and finally enough battery life for consistent sleep tracking.
Google
Amazon (45 mm)
Amazon (41 mm)
Best Buy (41 mm)
Google Store (41 mm)
The Google Pixel Watch 4 combines Google's smartwatch experience with Fitbit's increasingly sophisticated health and fitness features.
Why WIRED recommends: Unlike most trackers, the Pixel Watch 4 is fully repairable; Google sells replacement parts on iFixit, so you can swap out the battery or domed display yourself. It's also a joy to use. Editor Julian Chokkattu found the design, interface, and performance impressive. The display is 50 percent brighter than its predecessor, and fast charging is incredibly convenient. Its wellness features are also excellent, with improved sleep tracking powered by machine learning, enhanced skin temperature sensing, and dual-frequency GPS for better live tracking. There's also satellite messaging, so you can take it on off-grid adventures.
The standout feature is Google Fitbit's AI-powered Personal Health Coach. After testing it for several weeks, I found it to be one of the most intuitive AI health coaches available, with useful recommendations that consider factors like workouts, illness, and changes in routine.
The trade-offs: If you prefer a fitness tracker that works across platforms, need longer battery life, or don't want a subscription experience, Garmin may be a better fit. The AI coaching can also feel strange at times, especially if you're not comfortable taking advice from a chatbot.
TL;DR: The Pixel Watch 4 is the best fitness tracker for Android users who want a beautiful smartwatch, Fitbit-powered insights, and a device you can repair and keep longer.
Garmin
Amazon
REI
Best Buy
The Garmin Forerunner 970 is the latest, high-end iteration of Garmin's storied running line. That said, Garmin watches tend to age well, and older Forerunner models are frequently discounted, making them worth considering if you don't need the newest features.
Why WIRED recommends: The Forerunner 970 has nearly everything a runner could want, including a bright AMOLED screen, up to two weeks of battery life, and useful extras like a built-in flashlight, speaker, and microphone for voice commands. Its running-specific training features are where it shines; Garmin's Running Tolerance score uses acute impact load to measure not just how far you ran, but how hard the run felt. It also provides metrics like Step Speed Loss and Running Economy to help you run more efficiently, though you need the company's heart rate monitor, the HRM 600 ($170), to unlock those measurements. The Forerunner 970 also brings advanced navigation features that have been cribbed from the Fenix line, like round-trip routing, which can help you plan routes and find your way back home.
The trade-offs: The Forerunner 970 is overkill for casual runners who only need basic pace, distance, and heart-rate monitoring. It's also expensive, and Garmin's midrange Forerunner 570 ($550) offers many of the same core features for cheaper; but the Forerunner 570 has a shorter battery life, less-premium materials (Gorilla Glass 3 versus Sapphire, aluminum bezel versus titanium), less memory at 8 GB versus 32 GB, no built-in mapping, and no flashlight.
TL;DR: The Forerunner 970 is the best fitness tracker for runners who want advanced training insights, accurate GPS, and a premium smartwatch.
Garmin
Amazon
REI
Garmin
Garmin has combined features from its previous Epix and Fenix lines back into the Fenix 8 AMOLED. The company also offers a Pro version ($1,300) with satellite communication features, including two-way messaging and emergency assistance, but most people won't need those capabilities unless they regularly travel beyond cellular coverage.
Why WIRED recommends: You get the updated, bright AMOLED screen of the Epix with the much longer battery life of the Fenix. You also get support for nearly every sport, most notably Garmin's proprietary off-grid maps, which include SkiView for ski resorts and golf course maps. There are leak-proof buttons for scuba and practical extras like a built-in flashlight, speaker, and microphone for voice commands. Dynamic routing is especially useful: Enter how far you want to go, and the watch can create a route that gets you back to your starting point on time.
The trade-offs: This fitness tracker is pricey and unnecessary for anyone who mainly tracks walks or casual runs. If you don't need advanced navigation or rugged construction, a less expensive Garmin or smartwatch will likely be a better value.
TL;DR: The Fenix 8 AMOLED is the best outdoor fitness tracker you can buy, with exceptional battery life, bright mapping, and the navigation tools you need when you're away from your phone.
Fitbit
Google Store
Amazon
Best Buy
The Fitbit Ace LTE is the first fitness tracker that former editor Adrienne So managed to get her kids to wear. Apple Watches were too difficult to keep charged and didn't give them much incentive to keep on. The Ace LTE solves that by combining fitness tracking, gaming, and communication features into a device that's useful for both kids and parents.
Why WIRED recommends: The Ace LTE includes Google Fitbit's full suite of health sensors, so it can monitor steps and activity levels. Fitbit Arcade offers movement-based games that reward kids for staying active. The built-in LTE connection means kids can call and text approved contacts without needing their own phone. For parents, the Fitbit Ace app makes it easy to manage contacts, monitor activity, and check a child's location through Google Find Hub.
The trade-offs: Like most Google Fitbits, the Ace LTE requires a $10-per-month subscription for LTE connectivity and Fitbit Arcade. Its playful design may also not appeal to older children and tweens.
TL;DR: The Fitbit Ace LTE is the fitness tracker that children actually want to wear, combining activity tracking, games, and location sharing into one device.
Polar
Amazon
Polar
Most fitness trackers can measure your heart rate from your wrist or finger, but dedicated heart rate monitors remain more accurate during intense aerobic exercise. The Polar H10 is the best option for runners, cyclists, and other endurance athletes who want reliable data.
Why WIRED recommends: WIRED contributor Michael Sawh found the Polar H10 to be the most comfortable and dependable heart rate monitor he's tested. He noticed no drop-outs and no under- or overreporting of data. Unlike traditional loop-and-hook straps, it uses a buckle connector that feels more secure and comfortable during long workouts. Small silicone dots keep the strap in place, which means fewer gaps in readings and more consistent data. The H10 also includes built-in memory, so it can store workout data without staying connected to your phone, and ANT+ connectivity lets you pair it with compatible fitness equipment like bike trainers. Its replaceable battery can last up to a year.
The trade-offs: If you mainly want step counts, sleep tracking, and daily insights, your fitness tracker's built-in sensor is probably enough; a separate heart rate monitor is unnecessary for most casual fitness enthusiasts.
TL;DR: The H10 is the best heart rate monitor for people who want more accurate data than a wrist-based tracker or smart ring can provide, with a comfortable fit, reliable readings, and broad device compatibility.
Whoop MG Fitness Band for $239 (Peak): Whoop is a compelling option for data-obsessed athletes, but the high ongoing cost makes it harder to recommend over more affordable trackers. The latest Whoop 5.0 and the Whoop MG are both smaller and more energy-efficient than the 4.0, and the Whoop MG adds ECG capabilities, blood pressure estimates, and longevity-focused features like Healthspan and Pace of Aging. However, many of the most compelling features require the premium Whoop Life membership, and the blood pressure feature remains debatable after the FDA warned Whoop about marketing claims made without FDA clearance. (Whoop stands by its decision, but it's worth noting that similar trackers, like the Apple Watch, have opted to pursue clearance.)
Google Fitbit Charge 6 for $160: The Fitbit Charge 6 remains one of the best entry-level fitness trackers, packed with just enough features to build healthy habits without overwhelming you with data. Its heart rate tracking held up well against more expensive devices in testing, and it can even connect to compatible gym equipment including Peloton bikes and NordicTrack treadmills. The Charge 6 is now a couple of years old—it launched in 2023—and the Fitbit Air offers most of these features at a lower price point. But if you're looking for a tracker with a screen, consider the Charge 6. If you don't care for a built-in GPS, the Fitbit Inspire 3 costs less than $100 and is just as accurate.
Xiaomi Smart Band 9 for $53: I was shocked by how much I liked this affordable little fitness band. The 1,200-nit display is clear and bright, and the touchscreen is responsive. The aluminum case feels sturdy, and it tracks your steps and heart rate with reasonable accuracy. However, there's just no comparison between the user experience of this band's Mi Fitness app and Google Fitbit's, especially at this price. (Yet.) —Adrienne So
Samsung Galaxy Watch8 for $350: The Samsung Galaxy Watch8 is beautiful and easier to use than ever, but the new health features definitely need some work. Samsung says the new Vascular Load feature measures the load on your circulatory system (the blood vessels that carry blood throughout your body), helping you gauge whether habits like drinking alcohol or consuming excessive sodium are affecting your long-term health. Unfortunately, neither editor Julian Chokkattu nor I got actionable results. While in theory, the Antioxidant Index feature seems like a good way to judge if you're eating enough fruits and vegetables, the results were so off-base that they made me laugh. The watch told me my Antioxidant Index was low and that I needed to eat more canned pumpkin puree. That's despite living in Portland, Oregon, at the height of fruiting season, and while snacking on fresh berries and plums on every dog walk. —Adrienne So
Withings ScanWatch 2 for $370: The Withings ScanWatch 2 could pass for a classic analog watch, and it comes with a battery life of 22 days with regular use (30 days with light use). Reviewer Simon Hill found the comprehensive suite of health features to be generally accurate, including the new temperature tracker and Cardio Check-Up. Withings updated the ScanWatch 2 with a new operating system, HealthSense 4, which features advanced algorithms that use predictive AI to anticipate health events, like getting sick or when your period is coming. Most features are locked behind a $10/month subscription, though.
Amazfit Bip 6 for $80: Like the Amazfit Active 2, which I also liked, the Bip 6 is a gorgeous little watch, with a big and responsive AMOLED screen, well over a week of battery life, and 140 sport modes. I still find the tracker and the Zepp app occasionally inaccurate, but it's cheap, comfortable, and works well. However, for only $20 more, I'd just get the Active 2 instead. —Adrienne So
Garmin Instinct 3 for $400: Garmin's Instinct line doesn't have as many high-end features as the Fenix 8, but it's popular because it's cheaper and it has a cool, chunky retro aesthetic that I love. This year's updates include the built-in flashlight and a new reinforced bezel, which is good considering that I still managed to bang up the Fenix and Epix watches quite a bit. For more information, check out our guide to the Best Garmin Watches. —Adrienne So
Garmin Venu X1 for $700: Garmin's Venu line is the company's attempt at an Apple Watch Ultra dupe that works with both iOS and Android. It has a polymer case, a nylon strap, and Garmin's biggest display, which is an enormous 2-inch AMOLED that's great for displaying built-in maps. Like the Ultra, it has speakers and a mic for taking calls; unlike the Ultra, it has over a week's worth of battery life. This is what to get if you have an Android phone but are jealous of your Apple friends' great big screen. —Adrienne So
Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra for $343: Your eyes have not deceived you. Samsung's Galaxy Watch Ultra is a direct rip-off of the Apple Watch Ultra, but for Samsung phone owners. It even has the Quick button (which Apple calls an Action button) and the Double Pinch feature (which Apple calls Double Tap). Apple's watch is better, with support for more sports, a better interface, and better comprehensive algorithms like Training Load and Vitals. However, what the Galaxy Watch Ultra does, it does well, and Samsung has the resources to catch up quickly. It has a sapphire glass face rated to 10 ATM, an IP68 rating, and it can withstand elevations up to 9,000 meters (almost 3,000 feet) and temperatures up to 130 degrees Fahrenheit. It also has backcountry navigation features, dual-band GPS, a compass, and breadcrumb navigation, which Samsung calls Track Back and which Apple calls Backtrack (this is getting silly). The battery life is still just an adequate two days and change, though. This is the 2025 model, which added more storage and a new color. —Adrienne So
OnePlus Watch 3 for $485: The OnePlus Watch 3 can last for five days on a single charge. OnePlus now includes many by-now standard health features, like fall detection, a skin temperature sensor, irregular heart rate notifications, and an electrocardiogram. This is another great pick if you want a smartwatch that's also a decent fitness tracker. —Adrienne So
Suunto Vertical 2 for $599: Reviewer Michael Sawh noted that the Suunto Vertical 2 is going to attract a lot of Garmin fans who may be put off by the company's high prices. It has a bright AMOLED screen, strong tracking and mapping support, and decent battery life. However, the feature set is limited on iPhones versus Android phones, the sleep and heart rate tracking is a little unreliable, and the app presents its insights a little awkwardly.
Nothing CMF Watch 3 Pro for $99: The Nothing brand is distinguished by its quirky charm, so I was not surprised to discover that I love the retro look of the CMF Watch 3 Pro. When I compared live heart rate readings with my Oura Ring 4, they matched exactly. (It did overestimate my time spent asleep by as much as an hour on some nights.) CMF's proprietary metric is Active Score, which takes into account your heart rate data and metabolic equivalent of task (MET) values to determine whether you've been active enough that week. As a medium-active mid-forties parent, I blew this score through the roof every day and did not find it helpful. But it weighs a remarkably little 51 grams, and the battery lasts for well over a week while tracking multiple activities per day. The screen is bright and easy to read in daylight. It tracks sleep, blood oxygen, stress, and 131 different activities, with smart activity recognition. It has dual-band GPS monitoring, an accelerometer, and a gyroscope for accurate activity measurement. There's even a custom running coach, though it's harder to adjust than the other built-in running coaches I've tried. Plus, it costs under $100 and goes on sale quite often. —Adrienne So
Coros Apex 4 for $429: Coros is the king of affordable watches for extreme sportspeople, and the Apex 4 is the company's alpine watch that Kilian Jornet recently used in his States of Elevation project. The battery life lasts forever. It has five specialized climbing modes and vertical GPS, and it can auto-detect climbing routes. I love this watch for climbing. —Adrienne So
Coros Nomad for $349: Coros also has an angler-specific sport watch with sport modes for fishing. A new feature called Adventure Journal lets you record voice memos and pin locations as you're hiking and running so that you can remember where bathrooms, campsites, or really great berry-picking spots are. —Adrienne So
Nowatch B for $449: This activity tracker uses a ton of battery power to measure your stress responses by the minute; you have to charge it for three hours and recharge it every other day. It's no match for a Fitbit which can monitor your stress relatively quickly. —Adrienne So
Amazfit T-Rex 3 for $280, Amazfit Helio Ring for $150, and Amazfit T-Rex 3 Pro for $400: Both WIRED reviewer Simon Hill and I found functionality for these Amazfit trackers somewhat limited. Reviewer Brent Rose also found the T-Rex 3 Pro to be a buggy dupe for a Garmin Fenix 8. —Adrienne So
Evie Movano Ring for $269: Evie announced an upgraded version of the Movano, with a medical-journal-trained AI chatbot and improved sleep and heart rate tracking. I tested it and unfortunately did not find enough on offer to rescind my previous opinion. The smart ring market has exploded since then, and many new rings have explicitly women-centered features. It simply doesn't offer enough features to be an attractive product right now. —Adrienne So
Should I Get a Fitness Tracker or a Smartwatch?
The categories can overlap significantly, but fitness trackers, as I consider them here, prioritize health metrics over features such as messaging, music, and contactless payment. I'm less concerned with whether a fitness tracker can replicate every function of my smartphone than if its suite of wellness features is robust and accurate; if it can track multiple activities; and if it feels secure while doing multiple fitness activities. In this particular guide, I also include activity trackers that aren't wrist wearables, like smart rings and chest straps.
Some wristband trackers will include smartwatch features such as reading emails and controlling music, but the screens are often smaller and less bright. However, the battery life is often much better on a fitness tracker, which makes a difference, especially if you're tracking your sleep over time. If, however, you're more interested in the option to access apps without having to pull out your phone, you might want to think about getting a smartwatch. If you want no notifications at all, perhaps get a smart ring instead.
How Do I Maximize My Fitness Tracker's Accuracy?
Does My Strap Have PFAS?
A study published in December 2024 found that many smartwatch wrist bands contain high levels of PFHxA, which is a “forever chemical” that can affect your immune, thyroid, kidney, and reproductive systems. How do you know if your band has PFHxA?
What Am I Testing Next?
I'm currently testing the Ultrahuman Ring Pro, the RingConn Gen 3, and the Pulse Ring. I'm also reevaluating the Fitbit Charge 6 and the Whoop MG.
Power up with unlimited access to WIRED. Get best-in-class reporting and exclusive subscriber content that's too important to ignore. Subscribe Today.
In your inbox: Inside WIRED’s newsroom with Katie Drummond
Peter Thiel’s secretive ‘Dialog’ society
Big Story: 'Fishtank' is the OnlyFans of reality TV
How Apple is making your old iPhone run faster and live longer
Special edition: The future of home
10% Off Exclusive Squarespace Promo Code 2026
10 lines for $200 & $20 per new line on CoreMobile
10% Off Home Depot Promo Code With Sign-up
LG Discount Code: 10% Off Sitewide
10% Off Dell Coupon Code for New Customers
30% Samsung Coupon - Offer Program 2026
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2026 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
3,2026-06-19,"It’s often said that bigger means better. This year’s FIFA World Cup may put that to the test.
By almost any metric, the 2026 tournament is the largest ever: the most host countries; the longest distances between stadiums; the most players, teams, and matches; and then there’s the eye-watering ticket prices.
The scale is a logistical nightmare for fans, teams, and host cities. Held across three countries— Canada, Mexico, and the US—48 teams (up from the usual 32) will navigate 16 host cities separated by thousands of miles and four distinct time zones.
With FIFA expanding the tournament to defend soccer’s dominance over a host of growing contender sports, fans and teams alike should get used to the upscaling, experts tell WIRED Middle East. Going forward, only the richest or largest nations will ever be able to host a tournament alone.
The sky-high prices to attend games in this year’s tournament have drawn global attention. FIFA has been accused of pricing normal people out of soccer by implementing exorbitant rates for all but the least desirable seats.​​
Industry data suggests that hotel rooms in host cities across Canada, the US, and Mexico are also surging in price.
“Average attendance cost in the US host cities is running north of $5,000 a head, before you’ve factored in flights between venues,” says Christos Anagnostopoulos, an assistant professor in sports management at Hamad Bin Khalifa University in Qatar.
An average visitor is expected to spend around $5,400 in the US—far above the $720-$2,500 visitors to Qatar spent in 2022.
Here’s WIRED’s complete guide to the 2026 FIFA World Cup.
Transport at this year’s tournament is fundamentally different from that of the one-city tournament in Qatar, or in Russia in 2018, which provided free public transportation and an additional 500 trains to help people get around.
This year, because of the vast distances, the only option for fans and teams is flights, which airlines have been adding to accommodate potential World Cup travelers.
“Teams and fans now must factor in flights, not metro rides, and the carbon and cost implications are real,” Anagnostopoulos says.
The need to book flights, not trains or taxis, may also be decreasing demand for hotels simply because the travel costs are too high for some people. “US hotels are already reporting bookings below expectations,” Anagnostopoulos says. “Scale doesn’t guarantee the crowds will show up.”
For organizers and host cities, the scale of the tournament demands a massive investment in security, including against threats that would have barely crossed the minds of previous hosts.
The US federal government has issued $625 million in grants for host cities to address security issues. On top of that, the Department of Homeland Security has made over $200 million worth of grants available to states to buy anti-drone technology, with the US State Department highlighting hostile actors’ increasing access to drones and other technology.
In Canada, federal authorities have issued around $104 million worth of grants to host cities Vancouver and Toronto. That brings total public grants in Canada and the US alone to nearly $1 billion—likely just a fraction of the real costs of securing the tournament.
The size of the tournament, and the fact that it crosses borders, has pushed the price tag higher.
“Qatar 2022 benefited from a highly compact geography, with venues operating within a relatively unified environment. The 2026 World Cup will involve multiple cities, jurisdictions, agencies, and technology ecosystems across the United States, Canada, and Mexico,” says Leo Levit, chair of Onvif, a membership body focused on standardization of physical security products.
“The challenge is not simply the number of systems involved, but whether those systems can exchange information efficiently,” he adds.
The numbers tell a story of a tournament straining under its own ambition. It’s not yet clear whether these investments will pay off in terms of tickets bought and advertising slots sold. Why, then, is FIFA pursuing growth at all costs?
Here’s WIRED Middle East’s complete guide to the 2026 FIFA World Cup.
According to Simon Chadwick, professor of sport and geopolitical economy at the international SKEMA Business School, the reason may be growing competition from other sports.
“What [FIFA president Gianni] Infantino is trying to do is to ensure that football remains robust, relevant, prominent and that it doesn’t begin losing market share—to the NBA, which is in China, India, Africa, and the Gulf region; to the NFL, which is making moves on Europe; and to Formula One, which has grown hugely in popularity, particularly in North America,” Chadwick says.
Adding more teams to the tournament means that more space for players and fans is required, but it also means more viewers and tickets sold. FIFA is forecasting 6 billion engagements across TV, streaming, and digital platforms this year, up from last tournament’s 5 billion. Over 5 million people will attend in person, compared with Qatar’s 3.4 million.
But protecting soccer’s global primacy comes with a trade-off: It looks increasingly likely that only a select few economies will ever be able to host the tournament alone. The World Cup is now “too big for most nations,” Anagnostopoulos says, explaining that the tournament has even outgrown France, Germany, Russia, or England.
“From here, you either have to be enormously rich—China, Saudi Arabia—and willing to build a host nation from scratch—India—or you have to share the load across borders,” he says. “The days of a single traditional football nation hosting alone are probably numbered.”
This article originally appeared on WIRED Middle East.
Soccer Fans, You’re Being Watched
This World Cup, You Can Watch the Game From a Ref’s Point of View
Redditors Are Using AI to Beat Obscene World Cup Ticket Prices
Mapping Every Flock License Plate Reader Near US World Cup Stadiums
Welcome to the Waymo World Cup
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2026 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
4,2026-06-19,"Isn't capitalism great? Especially the Silicon Valley version: Giving employees a share of the business they help build is one of the most democratic and empowering ways to incentivize hard work.
Out here, hard work can sometimes pay off spectacularly: Workers are rewarded handsomely if their toil results in a much more valuable company and their small stakes rise along with it.
Take SpaceX. You may have heard that working for Elon is hard. Rockets don't launch themselves (at least yet). But after many years and long hours, thousands of employees get to share in the success of what has become the world's dominant rocket company.
The IPO created more than 4,000 millionaires and hundreds of centimillionaires. I can't think of a better way to encapsulate Silicon Valley's version of capitalism than this.
Variations of this happy outcome are happening across the tech industry. For example, this 25-year-old founder is suddenly a billionaire. Anthropic and OpenAI are planning their own IPOs, which could mint many more multimillionaires. Nvidia's surge has made its employees incredibly wealthy, too.
What ties these situations together is equity. The wealth wave washing over Silicon Valley is mostly in the form of stock. Unwinding some of this, and using the money wisely, is a challenge that may be new to many lucky tech employees.
First up: The tax bill can be brutal when selling highly appreciated stock. No one likes paying more tax than they should. Luckily, there are strategies to cushion the blow.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Some techies are paying top dollar for homes in and around San Francisco. Others are donating to charity, or handing money down to kids and other relatives.
The most important thing (and the hardest) is to decide what's important for you and create a plan that covers all the bases.
""We're looking at everything at once: tax mitigation, investment allocation, asset location, goal planning, expense planning, and estate planning,"" said Joey Carney, a partner and private wealth advisor at Nerd Nation Financial in the heart of Silicon Valley. 
""You don't pick a strategy and build around it; you build the comprehensive plan first and let the right strategies fall into place,"" he added. 
Sign up for BI's Tech Memo newsletter here. Reach out to me via email at abarr@businessinsider.com.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
5,2026-06-19,"It's easy for job seekers to feel stuck in an AI doom loop.
Chatbots have overhauled white-collar 9-to-5s, agents are rewriting the rules for basic tasks, and C-Suite leaders can't stop talking about productivity gains. If you're struggling to land a new role right now, however, new research found that technology likely isn't the main culprit.
An analysis by Yale Budget Lab found that AI has had a modest impact on America's job market since the release of ChatGPT in 2022. So far, AI has changed jobs more than it has eliminated them, the researchers said — a pattern similar to the impact of other major advances, such as the internet and computers.
Yale's team put it bluntly: AI usage has ""no connection"" to changes in employment or unemployment.
While it may not be obliterating jobs just yet, AI has undoubtedly changed the nature of those jobs. Business Insider has heard from Americans without a tech background who vibecoded solutions to their biggest problems, and business leaders who are using chatbots to streamline their workflow.
A solid benchmark for AI's actual impact on jobs, Yale's researchers found, is to compare it with other tech advances, such as the introduction of computers in the 1980s and the dawn of the internet in the 1990s. AI's effect is slightly sharper in the months after launching, but not the work revolution some Silicon Valley leaders have heralded.
Some sectors have been hit harder than others. Finance and business are more vulnerable than a profession like nursing. Occupational churn, which measures growth and decline in the job market, however, is following a similar trend line to these other moments in tech history — not causing a massive reset.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
The Yale report also found that high AI exposure doesn't have a stark impact on how long job seekers are unemployed — those who have been out of work for less than 5 weeks have a relatively similar trend line to those who have been unemployed for 27 weeks or more. The number of unemployed workers whose jobs were automated is also fairly static.
It's not to say that the job market is rosy. A lack of vacancies, widespread hiring freezes, and layoffs — which some CEOs say are somewhat related to AI — have boxed people of all ages out of offices. And relatively low quit rates mean that open positions have been few and far between. Jobs numbers are recovering a bit this summer after months of disappointing results, though that dip may have had more to do with high interest rates than tech disruption.
Giants like OpenAI and Anthropic are also reevaluating how they price their products, meaning companies will have to shell out a lot more money if they want their employees to use AI regularly. And, as Business Insider has reported, much of the current AI use in the corporate world isn't translating to major profits or productivity gains.
It's still early days for chatbots at the office, and the tech is evolving rapidly. But, at least for now, it's unlikely to cause a sudden wave of unemployment.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
6,2026-06-19,"
    It’s an excellent time to stock up on your essential beauty products and support Black businesses with these brands.
    
CNET staff -- not advertisers, partners or business interests -- determine how we review products and services. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.
vs


June is here, and we’ve got so much to celebrate. It’s the beginning of summer, it’s Black Music Month and today is Juneteenth. While there’s never a bad time to support Black-owned businesses, June presents an excellent opportunity to show some love while stocking up on your favorite beauty items. Plus, with Amazon’s Prime Day sale quickly approaching, you can even score some steep discounts while you’re at it.
Many of the biggest beauty industry trends (nail art, acrylic nails, hair color and extensions, to name a few) have been a staple of Black beauty for years. There are many amazing Black-owned beauty brands to support and celebrate. If you're on the lookout for the best Black-owned beauty brands to buy from, whether you're looking for skincare or an update to your makeup stash, you've come to the right place. 
Black-owned beauty brands tend to be overlooked in the beauty industry, which is why I've compiled a list highlighting notable Black-owned hair care, skin care and cosmetic brands. Don't think of this list as a comprehensive history, but a starting point.
Read more: 8 Ways to Get Involved During Black History Month and Beyond
The mission of Topicals is to transform how people feel about their skin through effective, science-backed products and mental health advocacy. The brand was founded by entrepreneur Olamide Olowe, who grew up with chronic skin conditions. Her lived experience inspired her decision to start the company in hopes of shifting the focus away from the need for “perfect” skin to be beautiful. If you're looking for something to brighten and hydrate your face and under-eyes, the Faded cream and eye mask bundle is the place to start.
Lisa Hanna Beauty was created by Lisa Hanna, a former Jamaican politician and winner of the 1993 Miss World title. The skincare line was designed to “renew, protect and reveal visibly radiant skin at every stage.” There’s a fade balm and moisture creme, but I am currently obsessed with the Luminous Face and Body Glow serum. You just can’t go wrong here.
Sun care is serious business, especially for Shontay Lundy, the founder of Black Girl Sunscreen. Good sunscreen can help reduce scarring and protect skin from the sun. (Yes, Black people need that protection, too.) The problem is that most mineral sunscreens will give anyone with darker skin a visible white cast. Enter Black Girl Sunscreen, which not only moisturizes and protects dark skin but also does so without discoloration.
Ixora Botanical Beauty is another popular brand and one I adore. It was founded by Mercedes Edney in St. Croix, US Virgin Islands and later relocated to Charlotte, North Carolina. The founder’s struggles inspired the brand with dry skin and eczema. Ixora Botanical Beauty has a host of incredible products, but one of its bestsellers is its donkey milk and chamomile hydrating facial cleanser. This one is a staple in my own routine.
Épanouie Skincare is TLC for your skin, according to the company’s website. The brand offers personal consultations to help you find exactly what you need for your skin concerns. These products are good for sensitive skin because they’re gentle yet effective.
The skin care game is huge, and celebrity brands are all the rage right now. This Alicia Keys brand brightens dull skin with ingredients such as manuka honey and lactic acid.
Cofounders Ndidi Obidoa and Chinelo Chidozie started Bolden as a beauty company that aims to help women of color feel good in their skin.
Dorion Renaud created this brand to target dryness, discoloration and more for melanin-rich skin. With products formulated with shea butter, rosewater, CocoShea, and other protective ingredients, all skin types can achieve healthy, glowing skin.
Most people already know about Fenty Beauty thanks to its creator, Rihanna. In addition to the typical facial skin care products to cleanse, hydrate and lock in moisture, Fenty Skin offers body care options, too.
Jane Ormon, the founder of Nola Skinsentials, wanted to deliver plant-based ingredients to improve everyone's skin care routine. The company's products can reduce acne and help hydrate the skin, too. 
Oui the People was founded by Karen Young and launched with a single product in 2014. The brand has grown significantly over the years and now offers several amazing products, including its featherweight hydrating body gloss.
Camille Rose founder Janell Stephens is all about using gourmet food-grade ingredients like honey, aloe and ginger to enrich hair. Founded in 2011, this hair care company is one of the few that's still going strong from the early days of the natural hair movement.
This celebrity-owned hair care line from Tracee Ellis Ross is designed with curly and coily hair in mind. Using oil blends such as Jojoba and argan oils, along with leave-in conditioners and other products, this brand defines hair.
This hair care brand has always been ahead of the curve. Alikay Naturals is dedicated to creating products that nourish your hair over time. And if you're familiar with and love the LOC (liquid, oil, cream) method, you have founder Rochelle Graham-Campbell to thank. You can’t go wrong with the Honey and Sage Deep Conditioner. 
Cecred is Beyoncé’s hair care line, and the products are worth the hype. “It’s been my lifelong dream to create these hair products and bring some of my mother’s teachings to life,“ Beyoncé writes on the website. The products were created specifically for Black women and our uniquely beautiful hair. The clarifying shampoo scalp scrub is one of my favorites.
Another foundational brand, TGIN (Thank God It's Natural) is the brainchild of Chris-Tia Donaldson, a Harvard Law grad who was trying to figure out how she'd wear her hair to work. You'll find many products with ingredients like shea butter and vitamin E that soften and moisturize hair. The Butter Cream Daily Moisturizer is one of the brand’s bestsellers, and it helps keep your hair soft, shiny and manageable without weighing it down.
Like many entrepreneurs, Taliah Waajid started early -- at age 14, in fact. Since then, she and her family have been making products that strengthen and soften curly hair using bamboo, apple, and shea butter, along with other ingredients.
This brand was founded by OG YouTube hair-care influencer Whitney White and her sister, Taffeta. These products are simple, stable and all non-toxic. 
You absolutely can’t talk about Black-owned makeup brands without mentioning the legendary Pat McGrath. Pat McGrath Labs was founded in 2006 and has produced high-quality products ever since. There’s also so much to choose from here. You can start prepping your skin, and then create a full makeup routine with foundation, concealer and mascara before topping it all off with one of the brand's signature lip colors.
Pear Nova launched as a nail polish brand but has since branched off into makeup with the most gorgeous eyeshadow palette. Rachel James founded the brand to fill a “void in the representation of medium to dark skin tones in the nail world.” If you’re wondering why the name Pear Nova, the brand was named after James’ “sister-in-love,” Nova Henry, who was a victim of domestic violence. The brand is vegan-friendly, cruelty-free and devoted to supporting domestic violence victims and raising awareness on the issue.
Nigerian-born founder Sharon Chuter is a former beauty executive who created this vegan, cruelty-free makeup brand that makes any skin tone pop.
Beauty Bakerie was a viral brand that took the market by storm with its creative food names and designs. It was founded by Cashmere Nicole in 2011 and offers makeup in several shades, packaged in cute designs to match a playful makeup wearer's aesthetic.
The Lip Bar started long before it was featured on Shark Tank. In 2012, Melissa Butler decided to define what beauty was right from her own kitchen. Now, the brand is delivering makeup for diverse shades through products like concealer, tinted skin conditioner and, as the company name suggests, lipstick.
Black Opal is one of the pioneers of makeup for women of color. The company started in 1994 and is owned by Desirée Rogers, who served as the Social Secretary during the Obama presidency, and Cheryl Mayberry McKissack. Black Opal offers affordability and a range of shades for diverse skin tones.
This brand is known for both skin care and makeup. It was created by Another World star Vera Moore, who decided to jump into the beauty world when she saw a need for a natural-looking foundation that didn't come off so easily. 
Gina Delisme founded Nagi Cosmetics in 2012 after deciding to pursue a new career path. Specially formulated for women of color, the products also offer a nice range for medium to dark skin tones.
Mented Cosmetics is known for its lipstick. Founders KJ Miller and Amanda E. Johnson wanted to create truly nude lipsticks for women of color so everyone can feel beautiful when they wear them.
 Stephanie Barnes has been writing about technology for many years. She fell in love with tech after building her first PC as a little girl. She later followed that passion to become a front-end/iOS engineer before switching to writing full-time. Stephanie's writing on technology, health and wellness, movies, television, and much more can be found all over the internet. When she isn't writing, Stephanie can be found reading a good book, baking, obsessing over creating the perfect desk setup, or literally anything that'll help her avoid going outside. "
7,2026-06-19,"
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Nothing is a U.K.-based ""anti-boring"" tech brand founded by former OnePlus founder Carl Pei. The company entered the market to disrupt traditional smartphones with its transparent, retro-futuristic hardware and heavily customized software, inspired by Pei's mission to make consumer tech fun again. Nothing focuses on clean design and an ""AI-native"" future, a strategy that centers on moving away from a million different standalone apps toward smart, built-in features.Nothing also carries its design philosophy across its other products, such as earbuds. Meanwhile, the company has a sub-brand, CMF, that takes a different, more colorful approach to design, while still offering affordable smartphones and audio products. However, the availability and carrier support for Nothing and CMF phones remain points of contention for fans as the brands continue to expand their presence.


By

Nickolas Diaz 

published 19 June 26

Not this time
Nothing's co-founder got transparent about a CMF Phone 3 Pro, stating RAM would wreck things and stand against the brand's budget ideals.



By

Jay Bonggolto 

published 18 June 26

The anti-Apple playbook
Nothing is taking its anti-Apple fight to US store shelves, but despite Carl Pei's bold talk, Apple's ecosystem remains a much tougher opponent than any Instagram stunt.



By

Nickolas Diaz 

published 13 June 26

Staying affordable
Nothing is supposedly working on another pair of budget earbuds: the Ear 3a, as prices reportedly leak.



By

Nickolas Diaz 

published 12 June 26

Keeping it fun
Nothing says tech can be fun, debuts its phones and audio series at Best Buy across hundreds of U.S. Best Buy stores.



By

Nicholas Sutrich 

published 7 June 26

Nothing like a Nothing
The Nothing brand has been growing at an exponential rate, and it looks like a heavy TikTok influence is playing a big role.



By

Nickolas Diaz 

published 21 May 26

Is it a dynasty?
Rumors talk about CMF by Nothing's next budget phone, stating the Phone 3 Pro could switch to a mid-range Qualcomm chip and more.



By

Jay Bonggolto 

published 8 May 26

New color
Nothing’s Ear (open) is getting a bold blue makeover on May 11, keeping its awareness-friendly open-ear design.



By

Nickolas Diaz 

published 24 April 26

Your voice
Nothing drops another feature for its latest phones, aiming to provide an Essential Voice for smarter transcriptions.



By

Jay Bonggolto 

published 15 April 26

The SIM tool trap
The Nothing Phone 4a Pro nails durability with its metal build, but small flaws like an exposed mic mesh keep it from being fully worry-free.



By

Sanuj Bhatia 

published 15 April 26

Not AirDrop
Nothing has launched Warp, a new tool for sharing files across Android and desktop devices.



By

Brady Snyder 

published 14 April 26

Superior sound
The Nothing Ear 3 have a bass-heavy sound signature out of the box, but you can make it your own and improve performance by using these 5 features.



By

Sanuj Bhatia 

published 13 April 26

Nothing vs Google
Nothing and Google take different approaches to midrange smartphones at the same price.



By

Nicholas Sutrich 

published 13 April 26

Nothing beats a Pixel
If you've got just $499 to spend on a new phone, you might be surprised how much you can get with Nothing.



By

Nicholas Sutrich 

published 9 April 26

Like wearing nothing
Nothing Headphone (a) is a brand new pair of affordable ANC headphones from Nothing, sporting the company's trademark style and high-quality Bluetooth or 3.5mm sound.



By

Nickolas Diaz 

published 4 April 26

Get to it
CMF Watch users say goodbye to one app and hello to the Nothing X app, as the company urges users to begin transferring data.



By

Nickolas Diaz 

published 2 April 26


A recent rumor alleged Nothing might chase an entry into the AI smart glasses market in the future.



By

Brady Snyder 

published 1 April 26

Save 25%
The Nothing Phone 3 is the brand's most well-rounded phone yet, and it's cheaper than ever during Amazon's Big Spring Sale.



By

Jay Bonggolto 

published 20 March 26

The app era is ending?
Carl Pei says apps are on the way out, with AI agents set to run your phone, cutting clutter and effort.



By

Nickolas Diaz 

published 18 March 26

Refinements
Nothing just detailed a refined OS update for the Phone 4a series that drastically boosts its real-time alerts and more.



By

Nickolas Diaz 

published 14 March 26

Essential
Nothing's Essential Space got a major upgrade for all of its latest phones.

Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
8,2026-06-19,"There’s a robust ecosystem of MagSafe accessories for iPhone on the market, and these are some of my favorites.
I’m a huge fan of the Twelve South HiRise 3 Deluxe. I think it’s the best multi-device charger on the market, allowing you to charge your iPhone using MagSafe, alongside your Apple Watch and AirPods. It has a compact design and holds your iPhone upright so you can use StandBy mode.
You can order the Twelve South HiRise 3 Deluxe from Amazon.
If you’re looking for something a bit more basic, Apple’s own MagSafe charging puck is an excellent choice. It provides faster wireless charging up to 25W.
Apple’s first MagSafe-capable iPhone was the iPhone 12 in 2020. When I got my iPhone 12 Pro, I immediately switched to a MagSafe-compatible wallet, and I haven’t looked back since. I no longer carry any sort of “real” wallet.
There’s a wide array of MagSafe wallets on the market. Apple’s first-party FineWoven Wallet with MagSafe is a great choice, albeit pretty basic.
Moft also makes a really clever MagSafe wallet that doubles as a kickstand for your iPhone.
Gone are the days of car mounts with awkward clips to hold your iPhone in place. MagSafe has enabled accessory makers to create sleek and discreet in-car holders for your iPhone. 
Belkin’s MagSafe Vent Mount Pro is a great choice if you’re shopping on a budget. The only downside here is that Belkin’s accessory doesn’t charge your iPhone, so you’ll still need to plug it in manually. iOttie’s Velox Qi2 Mini is my recommendation for people who want a MagSafe vent mount that can also charge their iPhone.
If you drive a car without traditional vents, such as a Tesla, Belkin also makes a Qi2 MagSafe phone mount that attaches to the back of your car’s infotainment screen. In my Ford Mustang Mach-E, I personally use a phone mount from Jowua, though I can’t vouch for the latest generation model.
MagSafe has also enabled an innovative category of MagSafe battery packs. These attach magnetically to the back of your iPhone so you can charge while on the go. 
I use an iPhone Air, so I’ve opted for Apple’s official MagSafe Battery — but it only works with the iPhone Air. It does not work with any other iPhone model.
Prior to getting the iPhone Air, I used the Anker Nano Power Bank. My friend Stephen Robles is obsessed with MagSafe Battery Packs and has a great video testing a ton of different options on the market. His favorite is the Baseus Picogo Qi2.2 25W, and you can watch his full video below to find out why.
PopSockets have been around for ages, but I never gave them a shot until MagSafe came along. I didn’t care for the adhesive design or having to use a case designed specifically design for use with a PopSocket.
I don’t use a PopSocket with my iPhone Air, but I did keep one handy when I was using the iPhone 16 Pro. Thanks to MagSafe, you can pick and choose when you use a PopSocket and don’t have to keep it permanently attached to your iPhone.
While those are some of the most common MagSafe categories out there, Apple’s technology has enabled a bunch of other clever products. 
For example, there are MagSafe mounts specifically designed to hold your phone up in the shower. There are magnetic suction cup grips for your iPhone. There are MagSafe chargers shaped like globes. There are MagSafe grips designed to make your iPhone easier to hold for photography. There are MagSafe ring lights to improve your selfie game, MagSafe mounts for using your iPhone as your Mac’s webcam, and so much more.
What are some of your favorite MagSafe accessories for iPhone? Let us know down in the comments. 
Follow Chance: Threads, Bluesky, Instagram, and Mastodon. 
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Introduced in 2007 by Steve Jobs, iPhone is Appl…
Chance is the editor-in-chief of 9to5Mac, overseeing the entire site’s operations. He also hosts the 9to5Mac Daily and 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcasts. 
You can send tips, questions, and typos to chance@9to5mac.com. "
9,2026-06-19,"In artificial intelligence's funding bonanza, a tiny circle of startups can stack billion-dollar rounds in quick succession, while everyone else fights for what's left.
Less obvious is that the same squeeze is happening to the venture capitalists themselves.
""It's harder than ever to raise a fund as an emerging manager,"" says venture capitalist Nisha Dua.
A trained lawyer and longtime builder at AOL, she's spent the last 12 years at BBG Ventures, an early-stage firm that backs female founders and entrepreneurs from diverse backgrounds. Business Insider recently named Dua to the Seed 40 list of top women investors.
Just as funding has clustered around a small number of startup darlings, Dua said, investor capital is increasingly flowing to the biggest, best-known venture firms. Data supports the vibe. Experienced firms captured 91% of all capital raised in the first quarter of 2026, up from 74% for all of 2025, according to PitchBook. That was the highest share on record in PitchBook's dataset.
Established managers have always had an edge with limited partners, who tend to prize brand names, long track records, and proven returns. But the latest data suggests that edge has become something more severe: a fundraising market that is practically closed to most emerging managers.
Dua has lived through it. She closed her latest fund in the middle of a fundraising winter.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
During the pandemic, capital was abundant, and swarms of investors left established firms to raise funds of their own. By the end of 2022, the market had turned. Tech stocks sold off, the IPO window shut for late-stage startups, and limited partners grew more cautious about where they committed new money.
For emerging managers, the shift was brutal. Many had launched in an era of easy money and were left trying to raise in a market that had suddenly become far less forgiving.
When Dua and her cofounder, Susan Lyne, went out to raise a new fund in 2024, they sold their track record and, just as importantly, their worldview.
The firm's thesis is that founders who understand the problem firsthand are often best positioned to build software to solve it. That leads the firm into categories including consumer, health, and small business services — areas that are now always as crowded with generalist investors chasing the same deals.
Dua had made early bets on breakout companies like Spring Health, the mental healthcare startup last valued at $3 billion, and Starface, the fast-growing skincare brand known for its pimple patch. Lyne had landed an investment in Zola, the wedding-planning startup.
The firm's edge, Dua said, is access. BBG gets into rounds partly because of Dua and Lyne's own operating experience. It also offers founders a network of CEOs, public company directors, founders, and other investors who can help them navigate the next stage of growth.
That pitch helped the investors lock in new and existing investors. In 2024, BBG Ventures — short for Built by Girls — closed $60 million for its fourth and largest-ever fund.
Having raised through the downturn, Dua said the bar for emerging managers is even higher now. A track record helps, but it isn't enough on its own.
Limited partners want to know where a manager thinks the world is going, how their investments will shape that future, and what gives them differentiated access to the founders building it, Dua said.
Too many emerging mangers struggle to articulate that clearly, she said. They may have interesting networks or promising early deals, but they fail to explain the thesis behind the fund — or why they are uniquely positioned to win.
""You have to have a real point of view,"" Dua said.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
10,2026-06-19,"The World Cup has sparked a boom in the private aviation industry, with jets crisscrossing North America to carry wealthy fans to watch their teams.
This year's tournament is jointly hosted by the US, Canada, and Mexico. With 48 teams playing a total of 104 matches across 16 host cities, it's the biggest World Cup yet.
Bookings to and from host cities were up 68% over last year, NetJets, the world's largest private aviation firm, told Business Insider earlier this month. The company expected reservations to increase as the tournament progresses.
Gianni Infantino, FIFA's president, is among them. Over the course of the tournament, he'll be traveling on a Gulfstream G650 operated by Qatar Airways to catch two matches a day, The Guardian reported.
""The big, big, big thing everybody's talking about and getting tickets for right now is the World Cup,"" Charlie Garcia, the founder of centimillionaire membership club R360, told Business Insider earlier this year.
At the SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles, where the US beat Paraguay 4-1 in its first game last Friday, several famous faces were in the crowd, including David Beckham, Tom Cruise, and Marco Rubio.
In the 24 hours leading up to the game, 250 private jets landed at Los Angeles area airports, according to data from JetSpy analyzed by Business Insider. That's up 45% from the same period the week prior.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
76 of the jets were classified as ultra-long range, the most expensive type, like the $65 million Gulfstream G650. They included jets belonging to Nike, Disney, and Bill Gates.
Among the jets to land was one Gulfstream G800, the planemaker's newest model, which hit the market last year and costs about $70 million new.
In the first round, certain groups sparked particular interest. In the first stage of competition, Group I, which features frontrunner France, and Group L, with fan favorite England, were the most popular for NetJets customers, the company said.
And as the stakes — and ticket prices — increase through the knockout rounds, more high-flying billionaires may want to witness a piece of the action.
East Rutherford, New Jersey — the home of MetLife Stadium, where the finals will be held — was out-booking all other host cities just before the tournament began, according to NetJets.
With tickets to the July match starting at more than $8,000 on the resale market, why not avoid the NJ Transit mess and throw in a private jet, too?
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
11,2026-06-19,"India's booming IPO market has significantly boosted the National Stock Exchange's listing service revenue, which grew 12% to Rs 352 crore in FY26. Despite a dip in IPO numbers, larger fundraising sums drove this increase. The exchange anticipates continued growth in this segment, projecting a 15-20% CAGR between FY26 and FY30.
Listen to this article in summarized format
Unlock AI Briefing and Premium Content
The exchange had 2,978 listed entities at the end FY26. 

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

What will the NSE IPO price be? Unlisted market deals offer clues.
She made baking an INR2k crore biz. Now comes the real heat.
Market darling to drawdown: Why momentum stocks are losing steam
Can targeted reforms at home save India from external shocks?
Auditor red flagged Gymkhana land issue long before govt action
Time for long-term investors to look at them again? 9 NBFC stocks with upside potential of up to 22%
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Slideshow
Top Performing MF
Top Prime Articles
Top Commodities
Top Definitions
Top Story Listing
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime








What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
12,2026-06-19,
13,2026-06-19,"
Anbernic has slowly clawed its way into the Android handheld market with stellar offerings that have excellent build, quality, a nostalgic design language, and powerful guts that can play AAA games without breaking a sweat. The shell options and the freedom to choose from a variety of form factors, right from tiny pocket devices to Nintendo-inspired designs, make their handheld gaming consoles special.
Now the Guangdong-based gaming accessories maker has just revealed the RG 55G1 handheld, which has more of the Nintendo-style layout. There were rumors in the air that the company was working on a couple of handhelds based on the discontinued Nintendo devices, but for now, the maker has announced just one of them. This is the Anbernic RG 55G1 handheld, which gives off the Nintendo Switch Lite vibes. If I compare it to the existing models, the new handheld does look pretty similar to the Retroid Pocket 6.
Designer: Anbernic







While on the superficial level, the handheld is inspired by the Switch Lite, on a closer look, it has some key differences. The device has “double shot” face buttons teased in the video trailer. While I don’t exactly have an idea what that means, it could be the buttons being made out of dual layers of molded plastic – one for the button functionality and the other for text function. Glass on the handheld is gently curved at the edge, and Anbernic calls it the 2.5D glass design. Predictably, the handheld gets the Hall-Effect joysticks and triggers, along with the USB-C port and SD card slot to complete the functionality set.







The horizontal orientation handheld is speculated to have a 5.5-inch display and could most likely be powered by the Snapdragon G1 Gen 2 SoC. If the latter is true, this will be the first time an Anbernic handheld will have a Qualcomm processor, as opposed to the MediaTek or RockChip processors in previous versions. These two speculations stem from the fact that the naming convention usually gives away the device’s specifications, as with the previously released versions. If the handheld has this hardware, playing PlayStation 2 games should be a breeze on this retro-futuristic device.

For now, there is no revelation about the other hardware specs, nor is there any hint of the release date or the pricing. The only thing conclusive is the color options that the RG 55G1 will be released in – Indigo, Retro Gray, and Black. This is the second handheld announcement this week, along with the AYANEO Pocket Micro 2 powered by a Snapdragon chip, on which we’ll have more in the coming days.





 
Most creator setups get built backwards. The camera comes first, the lighting comes second, and audio ends up being whatever fits in the bag. That…
There’s a moment in every modern video call that makes you cringe. It’s not the person talking while muted or the cat walking across a…
Although people have been keeping their valuables at home for ages, our homes themselves have now also become more valuable because of the plethora of…
Now that we work from home I feel like we are more aware of how quickly our workspaces can become cluttered. Not just with snacks…
I’ve always been a proponent of new technology, but if you’ve read my previous pieces on bone-conduction headphones, you’ll know that I’m a skeptic. The…
With better range, faster speeds, higher altitude abilities, and payload carrying abilities than a regular drone its size, the Fixar 007 is slowly but surely…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
14,2026-06-19,"The largest cryptocurrencies remained under pressure for a fourth straight day, with bitcoin falling 2.5% in 24 hours to just below $62,400.
It's not alone. The CoinDesk 20 Index (CD20) has dropped 3.3%, with ether (ETH), XRP (XRP) and solana (SOL) all weaker. The CoinDesk Smart Contract Platform Select Capped Index fell 4%, and the CoinDesk 80 and CoinDesk DeFi Select Index are following close behind.
Concerns about Strategy (MSTR), the Michael Saylor-led bitcoin treasury company, continue to dominate market sentiment, with particular focus on its dividend-paying preferred stock, STRC.
""Strategy, the largest listed BTC holder, has watched its STRC preferred collapse below par, and the market is now openly pricing the tail that it has to sell coins to defend the structure,"" analysts at Marex said.
""Add five straight months of BTC trading under its estimated $78k production cost, quietly forcing the weakest miners to capitulate, and you have two real sellers that were not in the frame a week ago,"" they added.
In May, combined exchange volumes fell 3.45% to $4.41T; the lowest since September 2024. RWA perpetual futures volumes rose 10.4% against the trend, hitting a new all-time high.
In May, combined exchange volumes fell 3.45% to $4.41T; the lowest since September 2024. RWA perpetual futures volumes rose 10.4% against the trend, hitting a new all-time high.
Why it matters:
In May, combined exchange volumes fell 3.45% to $4.41T; the lowest since September 2024. RWA perpetual futures volumes rose 10.4% against the trend, hitting a new all-time high.
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
15,2026-06-19,"Conflict in the Middle East has been escalating. These stories provide context for current developments and the history that led up to them.


      Ruth Sherlock
    


                In this photo provided by the Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA), Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian displays a memorandum of understanding signed with U.S. President Trump aimed at ending the war and launching negotiations on a broader agreement, in Tehran, Iran, early Thursday.
                
                    
                    Iranian Presidency Office via AP
                    
                
hide caption

Vice President JD Vance has delayed his trip to Switzerland to negotiate the terms of a peace agreement with Iran on Friday.
It's unclear exactly why the talks were called off at the last minute, with hundreds of journalists already waiting in the alpine city of Lucerne.  
But the delay raises questions over the sturdiness of the memorandum of understanding to end the war, signed by Trump on Wednesday.
It came as Israel continued to heavily bombard Lebanon, despite the agreement promising to end all military operations, including in Lebanon. 
Lebanese media said at least 18 were killed in overnight strikes, and Israel said four of its soldiers had been killed in fighting in southern Lebanon.
Here are more details about the agreement and challenges they face in this latest effort to end the conflict:
There was immediate progress after the preliminary agreement to end the three-and-half month conflict that has killed thousands of people across the Middle East, rocked the global economy and pushed millions more into poverty around the world, according to the United Nations. 
The United States lifted its naval blockade on Iran. 
The short memorandum of understanding also promises to end military operations on all fronts and reopen the Strait of Hormuz, the crucial waterway through which much of the world's oil, gas and fertilizer must pass to reach global markets.
The agreement prompted President Trump to celebrate on Truth Social writing: ""Ships of the World, start your engines. Let the oil flow!""
But there are still many potential pitfalls. Even before the agreement was signed, Trump made its fragility clear: ""It's a memorandum of understanding,"" he said at the G7 summit in France. ""If I don't like it, if they don't behave, we'll go right back to dropping bombs right smack in the middle of their head.""
The document doesn't solve the underlying reason for why the United States and Israel went to war with Iran. It creates a 60-day window — extendable by mutual agreement — for the two sides to resolve the enmity that goes back many decades. 
The preliminary agreement promises to end all military operations, including in Lebanon. Israel has invaded and taken large swaths of southern Lebanon in an offensive it says is targeting the Iranian-backed militia Hezbollah, which has killed more than 3,800 people, according to Lebanon's Health Ministry.
Iranian Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi has made clear that Iran considers Israel's withdrawal from southern Lebanon essential. ""Without the withdrawal of Israeli forces from the territories they occupied during this war, the war has not fully come to an end,"" Araghchi said.
Israel wasn't involved in the negotiations with Iran — though Trump said at a press conference this week that he had sent Israel a copy of the document before he signed it. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has remained defiant, saying his troops will remain in southern Lebanon for as long as Israel's security requires it.
The conflict in Lebanon is causing an extraordinarily open rift between Trump and Netanyahu. ""He's a very difficult guy,"" Trump said of the Israeli prime minister recently said to The New York Times.
On Thursday, Israel's military released a new map ⁠showing an expanded area of southern Lebanon occupied by its troops, which it describes as a buffer zone.
""Trump's agreement does not bind us,"" Israel's far-right national security minister, Itamar Ben-Gvir, wrote on social media on Monday. ""We are not partners to this agreement that does not ensure our security.""
Vice President Vance hit back at critics in the Israeli government, warning at a press conference that ""Donald J. Trump is the only head of state in the entire world who is sympathetic to the nation of Israel at this moment in time.""
The agreement promises ""the immediate and permanent termination of military operations on all fronts"" — including in Lebanon, where Israel has continued its offensive. Iran and the United States also promise ""not to initiate"" any further war or operation against each other. Not long after Trump signed the memorandum, U.S. Central Command said Thursday it had ended its naval blockade of ships to and from Iranian ports, as promised in the agreement.
Iranian state media reported the country's national security council will suspend tolls paid by ships for 60 days, per the deal, but that ships must still request Iran's permission — through a newly established Persian Gulf Strait Authority, before passing through the Strait of Hormuz, which was once considered an international waterway.
Increased ship traffic through the strait will come as a relief to Trump, whose approval ratings have been sliding as Americans see soaring gasoline prices and spiking inflation. Last month Trump insisted he doesn't think about Americans' financial situation in his approach to Iran. 
But this week he acknowledged at a news conference that he had signed this agreement because he ""didn't want to see an economic catastrophe.""
Trump has repeatedly called the Iran nuclear deal — formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) — presided over by President Barack Obama in 2015 the ""worst deal ever,"" and Trump abandoned the agreement in his first term in office. But the framework agreement signed this week hands major financial concessions to Iran that could ultimately go much further than the Obama-era arrangement.
The document says the U.S. will work with regional partners to create a fund of ""at least $300 billion"" for Iran's reconstruction and economic development. Vice President Vance has said Gulf Arab nations would invest that amount.
It also promises that the U.S. will unfreeze Iranian funds and assets that amount potentially to tens of billions of dollars. Mohsen Rezaei, military adviser to Supreme Leader Mojtaba Khamenei, told CNN Iran wants to see the release of $24 billion.
These commitments do depend on further negotiations. But the Trump administration also plans to issue sanction waivers to allow Iran to immediately sell its oil. The waiver concedes a major point of potential leverage at the start of these 60-day talks.
And the interim deal also opens the door to ending all U.S. and international sanctions on Iran. Iran has been under a plethora of U.S. sanctions since the 1979 Revolution. The penalties have kept Iran cut off from the global economy, preventing it, for example, from accessing the international banking sector. This new pledge goes far beyond the JCPOA deal, which removed some sanctions in exchange for Iran reducing its stockpile of uranium.
President Trump has boasted he will achieve a much ""better"" agreement than the JCPOA. The substantive talks on this are yet to begin, but so far, the commitment Iran has made in the memorandum that it ""shall not procure or develop nuclear weapons"" is the same promise it has made for years, including in the 2015 nuclear accord.
The details of Iran's nuclear program are complex and technical. The JCPOA was negotiated over years by the U.S., U.K., France, Germany, Russia and China, with nuclear physicists and non-proliferation experts, and ran to 159 pages. Trump's framework was negotiated bilaterally by Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner — a property developer and the president's son-in-law. An Iranian diplomat who spoke to NPR on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly told NPR they believed the last round of talks with the Trump administration did not progress because ""the Americans at the table did not understand the subject.""
The U.S. had been negotiating with Iran over its nuclear program before abruptly launching the bombing campaign with Israel on Tehran that began this war on Feb. 28. For this latest round of talks, Witkoff and Kushner visited the national lab in Oak Ridge, Tenn., earlier this month for consultations with a team of technical experts that could play a role in nuclear negotiations with Iran.
Trump began the conflict promising to set conditions for regime change in Iran. ""I say tonight that the hour of your freedom is at hand,"" he told Iranians in a televised address on Feb. 28. ""When we are finished, take over your government. It will be yours to take.""
It was a nightmare scenario for the Iranian regime, to face down the bombardment from two of the world's most powerful militaries. The war killed more than 3,300 Iranians, according to state media, including top leaders, and pounded the country's infrastructure and armed forces. But the regime's survival, and its ability to target U.S. assets in the region and control the Strait of Hormuz, empowered Iran.
The country has learned ""that threatening the Strait of Hormuz works,"" Bill Cassidy, Republican senator from Louisiana, said in a blistering attack on the Trump administration. He called the offensive against Iran ""the worst foreign policy blunder in decades.""
Iran's response forced the Trump administration to set aside the goal of regime change to focus on seeking a way to reopen the vital strait. 
""The only 'achievement' of the ceasefire is the likely reopening of the Strait of Hormuz — which was open before the war started. And we will apparently pay Iran to do so,"" Antony Blinken, who was secretary of state under former President Joe Biden, posted on X.
Trump has countered critics by saying on social media that anyone who thinks he hasn't ""been tough enough on Iran,"" when the stock market is high and oil prices are falling, is either jealous, bad or stupid. And Vance called on critics to ""have a little bit of faith in the president of the United States.""
But in a hard accounting of the war, the facts are undeniable: Iran's closure of the Strait of Hormuz gave it the leverage to secure from Trump concessions that unlock vast sums of money — even more, potentially, than under Obama.
And regarding Iran's nuclear program, the Iranians so far appear not to have offered Trump any more concessions than they did at the Geneva talks two days before the U.S. and Israel launched their offensive in February. 
Now new negotiations are set to begin, and the Iranians will be coming to the table having shown Trump, and the world, the power they can wield over the global economy.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
16,2026-06-19,"Insurance platform Turtlemint Fintech Solutions aims to raise ₹882 crore via IPO to boost technology and working capital. Despite revenue growth, the company has reported losses due to expansion investments. Operating in a regulated sector, potential commission changes pose a risk. Investors might await clearer financials post-listing.
Listen to this article in summarized format
Unlock AI Briefing and Premium Content
On a post-IPO basis, the company is valued at a price-to-sales (P/S) multiple of 4.5 times, compared with 11 times of PB Fintech.

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

What will the NSE IPO price be? Unlisted market deals offer clues.
She made baking an INR2k crore biz. Now comes the real heat.
Market darling to drawdown: Why momentum stocks are losing steam
Can targeted reforms at home save India from external shocks?
Auditor red flagged Gymkhana land issue long before govt action
Time for long-term investors to look at them again? 9 NBFC stocks with upside potential of up to 22%
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Slideshow
Top Performing MF
Top Prime Articles
Top Commodities
Top Definitions
Top Story Listing
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime








What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
17,2026-06-19,"Hisense's U8 series has long offered perhaps the best image quality you can get from a TV in its price range, pushing brightness higher and higher each year, while improving on features and underlying panel technology. The newest model is called the Hisense UR8, which takes the U8 series and adds the next major upgrade in the form of RGB tech.
Basically, the promise is that the UR8 will deliver close to OLED-level performance without OLED-level prices, while maintaining a high level of brightness that OLED TVs can't match. It's also somewhat of a surprising release, given the fact that RGB technology was a hot new technology only a year or two ago. At the time, it seemed like it would be a while before it came to anything under $2,000.
The Hisense UR8 starts at $1,299.99 for the 55-inch model, and it sits underneath another new RGB MiniLED TV, Hisense's top-tier UR9. The good news, however, is that the UR8 largely delivers. You get excellent image quality, a range of features for things like gaming, and plenty of useful features. I've been using the Hisense UR8 for the past few weeks to see how it stacks up against other recent TVs.
One way in which TVs in this price range have traditionally cut costs is in their designs. You won't find TVs at this price point with the ultra-thin panels that you can find from Samsung or the super-refined finishes that some others offer. That said, the Hisense UR8 looks far from budget.
The TV comes in five sizes, which means there should be a size for most living room environments. The smallest is 55 inches, and sizes range up to a massive 100 inches, though that model costs $4,999. While it's not super slim, the UR8 does still have a decently sleek chassis, and it's thinner than you might expect given how bright the panel gets. It's coupled with decently thin bezels and a relatively premium-looking build, though you might notice the plastic if you get close.
The TV comes with a stand that you can use if you don't want to wall mount it. I quite like the design of the stand. It's sturdy and modern looking, and unlike the feet of many budget and mid-range TVs, it's good at staying out of the way for things like soundbars.
The front of the TV is where perhaps the most consequential design changes come in. Hisense has put an anti-glare coating on the glass to help cut down on reflections, and this worked pretty well. It's not quite the matte finish that you can get on some high-end TVs, but in my usage, it did a pretty good job at handling reflections. When the TV was off, you could still see some of those reflections, but they were dimmed enough to not be distracting when the TV was on.
On the back, you'll find four full-bandwidth HDMI 2.1 ports, one of which doubles as eARC. There's optical audio out and basic USB connectivity, too. Four HDMI 2.1 ports is the right number — plenty of TVs at this price still skimp and give you only one or two. It's also an upgrade from last year's U8, which only had 3 HDMI ports in total.
The included remote isn't all that different from previous-generation U8 models, which is to say it works perfectly fine. It has controls for everything you would expect, including software controls for Google TV and quick access buttons for Netflix, YouTube, Prime Video, and Disney+. There's also a programmable shortcut button, which is always nice to see.
As a whole, the design of the Hisense UR8 is perfectly fine. It's far from the sleekest TV out there, but it's also far from cheap-looking. And the changes that Hisense has made to the design are welcome ones.
Like most recent Hisense U8 models, the UR8 runs Google TV. At this point, Google TV works well and is easy to navigate, offering quick access to your preferred streaming services, the ability to jump straight into content from the home screen, and extra features like live TV.
Navigation is generally smooth and the system avoids the bloatware that plagues some other smart TV platforms. That said, I did notice lag now and then when transitioning between certain submenus. It's not constant, and it's not bad enough to be frustrating, but it's there.
There are some features specifically for gaming, too. You get Auto Low Latency Mode, VRR, FreeSync Premium Pro, and Dolby Vision. There's even an integrated gaming menu bar that natively displays your active frame rate and HDR status, so you can verify your setup is doing what you think it's doing without leaving the game. For a mid-range set, that's a properly comprehensive gaming feature set.
Google TV, of course, includes integration with Gemini, along with built-in Chromecast support. But Apple users aren't left out. The TV still has AirPlay 2 support, and it can be added to HomeKit — so even if you don't get the full Apple TV experience here, you do get some of the most important integration features.
Of course, how the TV actually performs is what's really important. And ultimately, it performs very well. As mentioned, the UR8 has an ""RGB MiniLED"" panel. What does that actually mean? Well, in a traditional Mini-LED TV, there are thousands of backlight LEDs that are usually either white or blue, and are then filtered through color filters to produce the colors you see on the screen. In an RGB MiniLED TV, those thousands of dimming zones can be colored, thanks to the inclusion of red, green, and blue LEDs. This means that the TV can output light that's closer to what it's supposed to be before any filtering happens. The TV does still have color filters, but the idea is that with less reliance on those filters, more light can pass through for a brighter, more vibrant image.
Ultimately, that means that the TV's brightness is one of its top selling points. And, indeed, it does get very bright. Hisense quotes a peak brightness of up to 3,500 nits on a 10% window, which is extremely bright. I didn't test these claims, but I found that the TV was more than bright enough for my living room, which has a decent amount of ambient light thanks to large windows.
The high brightness is complemented with decently deep black levels too. I found that the TV was very good at handling brightness without blooming or light bleed, at least in any meaningful way. Sure, you may notice some blooming in a very dark environment with a keen eye, but again, it's very well controlled, and I suspect most will be able to ignore it altogether, if they even see it in the first place.
Along with the high brightness, I found that colors were vibrant too, and while they could suffer a little off-axis, this TV held up better in off-axis viewing than most I've used, at least when it comes to LCD-based TVs like this. Wide viewing angles are an advantage that OLED TVs have had over LCD TVs for some time now — and that doesn't disappear here, but at least it's a little more manageable.
The Hisense UR8 supports Dolby Vision, HDR10+, HDR10, and HLG, and that's pretty much everything you'll need for most viewing. There is one missing format, though, and that's Dolby Vision 2, which is not supported and is instead reserved for the more expensive Hisense U9. I would have liked to see Dolby Vision 2 support here, but I expect it will come to the U8 series model next year. To be fair, there's very little Dolby Vision 2 content out there right now, so supporting it would be more about future-proofing than anything else.
The image quality isn't perfect, but it's pretty darn close at this price point. I occasionally spotted some stepping artifacts during transitions, which means that you'll see a gradient step rather than a smooth ramp. But that was rare, and again, not distracting by any means.
Upscaling was also pretty good. The TV did a very good job at upscaling 1080p content to look almost 4K, and even 720p video looked a lot sharper than you might expect. The TV also offers a range of gaming features. It has a 180 Hz refresh rate, and when combined with the four HDMI 2.1 ports, you should be able to get the most out of any modern gaming console.
Against the previous Hisense generation, the gains are clear. The RGB LEDs deliver higher color saturation, high-contrast blooming is meaningfully reduced, and the native refresh rate jumps from 165Hz to 180Hz. As has been the case for a while now, against OLED TVs, you'll get a brighter overall picture and no risk of burn-in.
As has long been the case with TVs, you're better off pairing the Hisense UR8 with a soundbar or set of speakers than relying on the built-in audio. But as has also always been the case, the UR8 sounds better than older models. The TV has a 2.1.2 channel speaker setup tuned by Devialet, with two front-firing drivers, an integrated subwoofer, and two upward-firing speakers — with onboard Dolby Atmos decoding and processing. There's also room correction technology that analyzes your space and tunes playback to suit it.
Vocal clarity and mid-range reproduction are impressive, and dialogue stays intelligible even during busier scenes. The catch, obviously, is that you won't get anywhere near the bass response that you would get from a dedicated external subwoofer. Nor will you get the immersion that you can find on many modern soundbars. Audio just isn't as deep, as crisp, or as immersive out of the TV's dedicated speakers, but they'll work in a pinch while you wait for your speaker system to be delivered.
The Hisense UR8 is a nice step forward for the U8 series. The RGB MiniLED tech improves on the image quality even further, and the TV offers huge brightness that you simply can't get on OLED models or plenty of comparable LED models.
That image quality is coupled with a good selection of features, an operating system that's easy to use, and competitive gaming features. If you're looking for a TV in this price range for a room that has a decent amount of ambient light, then the Hisense UR8 is an easy recommendation. If you're looking for a TV for a darker living room, then it might still be worth considering one of the cheaper OLED TVs, but just know that you'll be sacrificing some brightness by doing so.
There's a fair bit of competition in this price range. Perhaps the most notable competitor comes in the form of the Samsung QN80H. The QN80H isn't as bright as the Hisense UR8, though, and it's more expensive. Another top competitor is the TCL C8K, which also gets incredibly bright. It doesn't have the RGB tech that the Hisense TV has, but it's a solid midrange option.
If you are open to an OLED TV, then it's also worth considering the LG C5. For those looking for a TV for a darker living room, the C5 is actually probably a slightly better buy. It doesn't get anywhere near as bright, but it does have advantages typical of OLED TVs, like those inky deep black levels and a thin, sleek build.
Then there's Hisense's own UR9. It's the significantly pricier flagship sibling, and it adds native Dolby Vision 2 support, higher peak brightness, and an Obsidian panel for deeper foundational black levels. If you want the absolute best of the RGB MiniLED lineup, that's the model to buy — but you'll pay considerably more for it.
Yes, if you want the best TV in this price range for environments with decently high levels of ambient light."
18,2026-06-19,"This is Optimizer, a weekly newsletter sent from Verge senior reviewer Victoria Song that dissects and discusses the latest gizmos and potions that swear they're going to change your life. Opt in for Optimizer here. On TikTok, the tanned youths are explaining…"
19,2026-06-19,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Giveaways
Sign Up / Log In
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank Sebass_
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal."
20,2026-06-19,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Giveaways
Sign Up / Log In
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal."
21,2026-06-19,"Investing

							Evercore ISI head of Internet research Mark Mahaney calls Meta Platforms (META) and Amazon (AMZN) 3-year trough buys despite META's 33% revenue growth and AWS hitting its fastest growth pace in 15 quarters.													

							Every Mag 7 name has trailed SPY this past month, but Mahaney excludes Alphabet (GOOGL) because it lacks the valuation dislocation his DHQ framework requires.													

							CapEx peaking and free cash flow turning positive are the catalysts, with Mahaney noting chips lasting longer than expected as an early supportive signal. Watch for Meta to possibly copy SpaceX's (SPCX) recent move of renting out excess compute capacity. If that happens, shares could re-rate quickly.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Amazon didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© 24/7 Wall St. 
Evercore ISI’s head of internet research Mark Mahaney has a contrarian message for investors who’ve watched the Magnificent 7 lag the broader market. On CNBC’s “Closing Bell Overtime” on June 18, 2026, with host Liz Young and co-host Mike Santoli, Mahaney named Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META | META Price Prediction) and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) his top buys inside the group, arguing both names are trading at 3-year trough multiples that fit his “dislocated high-quality” (DHQ) framework.
Here’s a shocker: Every Mag 7 name has trailed the S&P 500 over the past month, with SPY up 1.77% over that stretch while META fell 4.13% and AMZN dropped 5.76%. Mahaney attributed the pressure to three forces: investor reluctance to fund the front end of a massive AI investment cycle, the unprecedented scale of capital spending (“Nobody’s talked about spending $200 billion a year on CapEx”), and a “capital suck” from upcoming IPOs pulling dollars from incumbent positions. Santoli added that Goldman Sachs has flagged fresh shorts in the group funding other hedge fund positions.
Meta is the cleanest expression of Mahaney’s thesis. The stock closed at $577.22, well off its 52-week high of $793.65, with a forward P/E of roughly 18x. Our internal model carries a 1-year target near $816, and the sell-side consensus sits at $827.32 with 8 strong buys, 49 buys, 7 holds, and zero sell ratings.
Meta’s fundamentals don’t suggest a broken business. Q1 2026 delivered EPS of $10.44 against a $6.66 consensus, with revenue up 33.08% year over year to $56.31 billion and ad impressions up 19%. You can verify the results directly in the Q1 2026 earnings release filed with the SEC. CEO Mark Zuckerberg framed the quarter around “the release of our first model from Meta Superintelligence Labs”.
Mahaney’s underappreciated catalyst: Meta AI’s persistent client and new subscription products, plus the tens of millions of businesses that depend on the platform. The market still treats Meta as a pure consumer ad name. The signal to watch is whether CapEx intensity peaks; FY26 capex guidance was raised to $125–145 billion, and free-cash-flow revisions turning positive would be the catalyst Mahaney is pointing toward. One interesting note, SpaceX (Nasdaq: SPCX) recently signed deals with both Anthropic and Alphabet for usage of its compute infrastructure. The deal with Anthropic is for $1.25 billion per month, while the Google deal is worth $920 million.
If Meta has excess capacity due to low usage of its models, it could follow the path SpaceX has carved out and rent its infrastructure. That could lead to a sharp re-rating in Meta’s shares as it would lessen the cash burn the company is experiencing betting big on AI infrastructure. That’s a catalyst few investors are watching, but could reverse Meta’s slide
Amazon trades at $244.39. Our proprietary 24/7 Wall St. price prediction model places a $324 estimate on shares, while Street consensus sits at $312.99 (15 strong buys, 47 buys, 4 holds). The Q1 2026 report removed any doubt about the AI flywheel: AWS grew 28% to $37.59 billion, the fastest pace in 15 quarters, at a 37.7% operating margin. Andy Jassy noted the chips business topped a $20 billion annual run rate growing triple digits year over year, while advertising crossed $70 billion in TTM revenue.
The catch is capital intensity. Jassy guided to roughly $200 billion in 2026 CapEx, which has compressed near-term free cash flow. Prediction markets are pricing this in: Polymarket assigns an 86.5% probability that 2026 CapEx exceeds $200 billion.
Mahaney is relatively less bullish on Alphabet, saying it “hasn’t troughed out”. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) trades at $368.03, up 112.95% over the past year, with Google Cloud growing 63% YoY and backlog near $460 billion. It’s still a buy in our model with a target near $450. The point is positioning: Google hasn’t dislocated, so it doesn’t fit the DHQ playbook today.
The thesis hinges on one inflection: CapEx intensity peaking and FCF revisions turning. Mahaney argues chips are lasting longer than expected, extending the useful life of existing infrastructure spend. If that holds, Meta and Amazon likely move before the cycle ends. If CapEx keeps grinding higher with no monetization payoff, the trough thesis stretches. Either way, watch Meta’s next capex update closely and watch whether the company copies SpaceX’s playbook in the next twelve months and opens up its compute infrastructure to outside firms.
I've spent more than 15 years inside enterprise software, working alongside the finance, sales operations, and HR leaders who run the revenue engines at some of the largest tech companies in the country.
My day job is helping enterprise executives make smarter decisions about retention, compensation, and growth. These are the same operational levers that show up in every earnings report investors actually read. That perspective shapes my writing for 24/7 Wall St.
The headline numbers are easy. The interesting stuff is underneath: how companies make money, what executives are worried about, and what any of it means for the person checking their 401(k) on a Sunday afternoon. I write about personal finance and business as someone who has spent her career inside the rooms where these decisions get made.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
It’s 13F season when Wall Street funds release their holdings. One of the most widely followed 13F reports is David…
My portfolio has benefited from the hyperscaler capex race for the better part of two years now, and even I…
You are being shown one number. Mark Zuckerberg told 8,000 Meta employees in early May that their jobs were a…
Among the three Magnificent 7 stocks that reported earnings on Wednesday, April 29, after the close, one name ran away…
The optics told the story before the lawyers did. At the recent America 250 UFC card on the White House…
Wall Street has never met an acronym it didn’t like. FAANG gave way to the Magnificent 7, and now a…
Although the AI buildout has minted trillions in fresh market value across Wall Street, Howard Marks thinks buyers of these…
Mizuho raised its price target on Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN | AMZN Price Prediction) stock to $325 from $315 and kept an…
Hyperscaler cloud platforms are doing something rare in the AI era: turning eye-watering capital expenditures into accelerating top-line growth. With…"
22,2026-06-19,"Brent crude reverses slide after oil, LNG tankers cross critical waterway.
Save
Share
Oil prices have begun rising again as an agreement between the United States and Iran hangs in the balance.
Brent crude, the international benchmark, rose 0.65 percent on Friday, after falling as much as 0.9 percent earlier in the day, as traders continued to weigh the practical effect of the US-Iran memorandum of understanding on ending their war and reopening the Strait of Hormuz.
Brent futures for August delivery stood at $80.37 as of 06:30 GMT, taking the benchmark above the $80 threshold for the first time since Wednesday, after an earlier slide spurred by an uptick in commercial vessels transporting energy supplies through the strait.
It comes after Israel launched a series of attacks on Lebanon, killing 16 people and threatening the ceasefire agreement between the US and Iran.
Clashes between Israel and Hezbollah forces in southern Israel on Friday killed four Israeli soldiers, according to Israeli media.
A planned meeting between US and Iranian officials in Switzerland has been cancelled, reportedly due to the attacks, although the Strait of Hormuz still appeared to be open to shipping.
Japan and South Korea’s stock markets also had a volatile trading session.
Seoul’s Kospi surged more than 2.5 percent to reach an all-time high shortly after market opening, then fell 1.8 percent before rebounding to a 0.8 percent gain.
 

 
Tokyo’s Nikkei 225, which rose about 0.6 percent shortly after market opening, was 0.08 percent in the red.
Stock markets in Shanghai, Hong Kong and Taipei were closed for the day.
Three Saudi Arabia-flagged oil supertankers carrying about 6 million barrels of crude exited the Strait of Hormuz on Thursday, broadcasting their locations after spending weeks in the Gulf with their transponders turned off, according to maritime analysis firm Kpler.
The Hong Kong-flagged oil tanker Tong Lin Wan and the France-flagged LNG tanker Mraikh also passed through the waterway on Thursday, according to shiptracking data.
Despite the transits, traffic in the waterway remains a fraction of what it was before the war, when the channel saw 120-130 transits a day.
More than 500 vessels are estimated to be waiting to exit the Gulf through the strait, which in peacetime carries about one-fifth of the global oil supply.
While Iran and the US have committed to reopening the waterway, ship operators have expressed doubt about the safety of their vessels and crew after nearly four months of threats and attacks.
At least 46 attacks have been carried out against ships in the vicinity of the channel since the start of the conflict in late February, killing 14 seafarers, according to the International Maritime Organization.
The strait is also believed to contain an unknown number of Iranian naval mines, necessitating mine-sweeping operations that could take weeks.
On Thursday, the International Association of Independent Tanker Owners (INTERTANKO), one of the world’s largest organisations representing tanker owners and operators, called for greater clarity on the practical steps needed to facilitate safe passage through the waterway.
“Without clarity on these issues, ships will be unsure whether to transit the Strait of Hormuz,” INTERTANKO Managing Director Tim Wilkins said in a statement.
“Some ships will, of course, start to move. That will be natural. But ship owners have adopted a very cautious approach,” Wilkins said.
“The safety and security of seafarers have been uppermost in their minds, and no one wishes to jeopardise that safety-first approach when things appear to be moving in the right direction.”









Follow Al Jazeera English:"
23,2026-06-19,"Mohamed Kande, the global chairman of PwC, has an optimistic take on what AI means for jobs.
In an interview with CNBC's Squawk Box at the VivaTech conference in Paris on Thursday, he summarized three ways he thinks AI is reshaping the labor market.
Companies adopting AI ""at scale"" are increasing their headcount, not cutting it, he said. ""They're increasing the number of workers that they need because they are embracing AI.""
Second, Kande said that employees are becoming more valuable the more they use AI, adding that the technology gives them ""superpowers."" In the AI age, workers should focus on developing soft skills like EQ, judgment, and collaboration, he said.
Third, the PwC chief said AI is not necessarily going to replace jobs, but will change what many roles look like in the future.
You've probably heard similar points from CEOs and AI leaders before, some of whom initially predicted a white-collar job wipeout, but many of whom have since shifted how they talk about displacement, emphasizing augmentation over replacement.
Kande's view carries weight because he sits at the helm of a 370,000-person firm that's on the front lines of how AI is changing work. PwC and its Big Four rivals are helping Fortune 500 clients adapt to the AI era while also rethinking their own businesses, from the skills they prize to the way they charge for work.
Take smart steps toward the goals you've been thinking about.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
The professional services industry is particularly exposed to AI disruption because so much of its work involves analysis, research, coding, compliance, and other knowledge-based tasks.
Kande's comments echoed some of the findings published this week in PwC's 2026 global jobs barometer, which analyzed over 1 billion job advertisements globally.
The report found that companies more exposed to AI are growing both head count and wages faster than those less exposed to the technology.
Head count at the most AI-exposed companies grew 52% since 2018, compared with 36% at the least-exposed companies, while wages rose 24% versus 17%, the report found.
In its report, PwC said the divergence is creating a two-tier workforce between companies that are using AI to amplify workers and those that have yet to embrace it.
Fears around AI job displacement tend to focus on junior white-collar workers, as they typically handle the kind of work AI is now taking over: repetitive, data-intensive, and research-heavy tasks.
Globally, PwC's AI jobs barometer found that entry-level roles highly exposed to AI have flatlined.
PwC itself is planning to reduce hiring for entry-level workers by a third over the next three years in the US, Business Insider exclusively reported in August.
The slowdown in junior hiring raises questions about how professional services firms will build the next generation of talent in an industry that has traditionally relied on a steady pipeline of entry-level workers.
In the US job market, PwC's jobs barometer found that not all AI-exposed junior roles are shrinking. Those with higher skill expectations are thriving.
AI-exposed entry-level jobs that had been ""seniorized"" — meaning they added more than 10 traditionally senior skills — grew 35% between 2019 and 2025. Comparable AI-exposed entry-level roles that had not been seniorized fell 10%.
The result is more complicated than a simple story of job loss. AI may be reducing demand for some of the repetitive work that has long defined junior roles, but it is also raising expectations for what entry-level workers need to bring from day one.
In some cases, it's also changing the kinds of workers companies hire. In February, PwC's US arm introduced a new career path for engineers — the first dedicated career track ever created beyond the traditional accounting and consulting roles long associated with the firm.
In November, Kande told the BBC that the global PwC network is ""looking for hundreds and hundreds of engineers. We just cannot find them.""
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
24,2026-06-19,"With Prime Day just days away, we're seeing some pretty impressive deals pop up on Amazon. Of course, if you see something you like, you should just buy it right now, because we don't think that prices will change that much during the big sales event.
With that said, you can now score two Baseus 65W chargers for just $36. That's around $18 each, which isn't a bad price for what you're getting. Whether you need to stock up on chargers or you just want to grab a couple of extras around the house, now's going to be a good time to shop. 
Well, you're getting all that you need here. The Baseus 65W charger features three USB ports in total, making it easy to charge multiple devices at once. You get two USB-C and one USB-A, which is perfect for any combination of devices. You can charge laptops, tablets, phones, and accessories. 
If you want the best charging speed possible, you'll want to stick with using just one port, which will max out charging at 65W. You can use other ports without any issues at the same time, but it will divide up that 65W into the ports that are being used. You get folding prongs for travel, and the price here isn't all that bad considering what you're getting. 
This bundle comes with two chargers and costs just $36 right now. It's one of the best prices that we've seen all year, making it a great time to buy. Of course, if you want to wait it out for Prime Day, you can. But we don't think the price of this item will get any better. 
Baseus has been around for a little while, offering affordable accessories that are also pretty reliable. This 65W charging block comes with three ports total, making it ideal for charging multiple devices at once. The best part is that you can scoop up two for just $36, which is an absolute steal.
 "
25,2026-06-19,"Today’s 9to5Toys Lunch Break is headlined by iPhone 17 Pro Max at up to $250 off and 17 Pro up to $290 off. But we also have Apple’s most affordable current-gen iPad back in stock down at $299 with Father’s Day delivery as well as a chance to land Dad a pair of current-gen AirPods for $99, and the silver base model M5 Pro MacBook Pro 24GB back to all-time low pricing at $200 off today. Those deals join rare offers on Apple Watch Ultra 3 at nearly $100 off, alongside MacBook Neo shipping by tomorrow from $590, and Beats headphones up to $220 off at Best Buy. Head below for a closer look. 
The last couple weeks have ushered in our first notable chance at savings on the latest iPhone 17 Pro and Pro Max. While Amazon does have some notable renewed iPhone 17 Pro models up for grabs this week, the ongoing Woot sale has been one of the best places to score a 17 Pro Max at a discount – these are pristine condition units at up to $250 off that have “never been in customer hands” with a “100% battery life” rating too. 
While the color and storage combos are beginning it sell out now, we wanted to touch down one more time this week on these deals. The 17 Pro Max offers have been relatively hard to come still and this Woot sale is delivering some of the best prices we have tracked to date. 
Here are some more details on the condition:
For iPhone 17 Pro, direct your attention to the Amazon renewed listings – Apple’s refurb store doesn’t even carry the 17 series yet and you’re looking at up to $290 off here: 
After going completely out of stock over the last couple days, Amazon’s deal on Apple’s most affordable current-generation iPad has returned at $299 just in time for last minute Father’s Day gifting. 
Amazon is now once again offering the 11-inch iPad A16 down at $299 shipped to match the best price of the year, and it is now live on all four colors. 
Regularly $349, this base model went completely out of stock a couple days ago but has now made a return right before the delivery cut off for Father’s Day. As of the time of writing, Amazon’s listings for this model still say “arrives 2 days before Father’s Day.” 
All three storage tiers are marked down right now, but I think most folks zero-in on the most affordable of the lot with this model. It is, after all, the most casual tablet Apple sells and, unless Dad is a serious iPad power user, there’s some serious bang for your buck on the entry config. If you or Dad are just looking for a simple and casual iPad experience, this thing can make for a great low-cost solution that you can still have in time for Dad’s cookout this weekend. 
More Apple gear on sale with Father’s Day delivery:
Father’s Day is quickly approaching, and there might be a fresh new set of AirPods in Dad’s near future. If you’re looking to score Dad something awesome still, without going crazy with it, the current-generation and most affordable AirPods are sitting down at $99 on Amazon right now with deliver in time for the big day. 
We are almost sure to see some notable deals landing on the flagship, high-end AirPods Pro 3 in the coming days (if not sooner), but some Dads just don’t need (or want) all the bells and whistles and the AirPods 4 strike a nice balance here – they are far more affordable while still delivering a current-generation piece of Apple tech to Father’s Day this year. 
Currently sitting down at $99 on Amazon, you’re looking at a match for the best deal we have tracked this year outside of a drop to $89 for a couple hours back in March. It’s not a giant discount and we might very well see them drop even lower next week for Prime Day, but if you’re looking to land something for Dad this weekend, $99 for a current set of AirPods is not a bad price. 
If Dad isn’t the earbuds type (mine certainly isn’t), and you are looking to bring some Apple Magic to the cookout this weekend, perhaps an affordable iPad or Apple Watch starting at $299 will do the trick:
While we have seen some $300 price drops on the more pricey configs, deals have largely maxed out at $200 off on the more accessible M5 Pro MacBook Pro variants and that’s what we are looking at here today. The 14-inch 24GB model is now sitting at $200 off the list price. 
B&H is now offering the 14-inch M5 Pro MacBook Pro with 24GB of RAM and the 1TB storage capacity down at $1,999 shipped. Currently listed at $2,039 on both the Space Black and Silver colorways, the Silver model will actually drop an additional $40 in the cart. 
Regularly $2,199 and currently on sale for $2,034+ at Amazon, this B&H offer is a straight up $200 off the list price and the lowest we can find. 
Amazon was offering this same machine in Space Black down as low as $1,984 for the beginning of May, but much like we have seen on many of the configurations it sells, the Silver model never dropped quite that low. Today’s B&H deal is matching the lowest price we have tracked on this same machine at Amazon. 
If the M5 Pro chip is overkill for your needs, we are still tracking a solid $200 price drop on the base and most affordable M5 MacBook Pro at B&H – this one also includes the official Apple 96W Power Adapter upgrade down at $1,519. Scope out the details on this offer right here. 
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Justin is a senior editor covering all things music for 9to5Mac, including our weekly Logic Pros series exploring music production on Mac and iOS devices. Justin is an audio engineer/producer with over 10 years experience in the music industry. "
26,2026-06-19,"© Adobe Stock Images
The sharp rise in U.S. equity valuations may indicate that the artificial intelligence-fueled bull market is entering its most speculative phase, according to Capital Economics.
In a note published Tuesday, Chief Economic Adviser John Higgins highlighted that the S&P 500’s cyclically adjusted price-to-earnings ratio (CAPE) has climbed more than 12 points since the beginning of 2023 and now sits above 40.
According to Higgins, the measure has reached “a level last seen before the dotcom bubble burst.”
Capital Economics estimates that valuation expansion, rather than earnings growth alone, has been responsible for a significant portion of the S&P 500’s advance since early 2023, which the firm views as the starting point of the current AI-driven rally.
The CAPE ratio has accounted for more than two-thirds of the index’s gains over that period.
Higgins said this development is “one sign that we may be in the ‘blow-off’ phase of the AI-fuelled rally.”
While the CAPE ratio points to stretched valuations, other metrics appear less alarming.
The S&P 500’s forward 12-month price-to-earnings ratio has increased by fewer than four points since the start of the rally and currently stands at roughly 21.
That remains below the levels reached during the dotcom era, when the measure exceeded 24.
Similarly, the forward three-year earnings multiple has contributed only a modest portion of the market’s advance and currently sits near 17, compared with a peak above 22 during the technology bubble.
Despite the more moderate signals from traditional valuation measures, Capital Economics continues to place greater emphasis on the CAPE ratio.
The firm cited three key reasons for its caution: doubts about the durability of recent earnings-per-share growth, elevated technology-related capital expenditures relative to GDP, and a near-record ratio of stock market value to net worth among U.S. non-financial corporations.
These factors suggest that current valuations may be vulnerable if expectations for future growth begin to weaken.
Higgins also pointed to the excess CAPE yield, a metric that compares prospective equity returns with Treasury yields and has historically served as a useful guide for long-term market performance.
Based on current readings, the indicator suggests investors may face below-average excess returns from equities relative to government bonds over the coming decade.
While Capital Economics is not forecasting an imminent reversal, the firm believes the combination of elevated valuations and ambitious growth expectations warrants increased caution as the AI-driven market rally continues.
Get stock prices from InvestorsHub

Join the discussion: Connect with other investors on your favorite stocks or explore the top-talked-about stocks on our Breakout Boards.This article was written by the editorial team at InvestorsHub/ADVFN and is provided for informational purposes only. In some cases, editorial staff may use artificial intelligence–based tools to assist in the research, drafting, or editing of content, under human review and oversight. This article does not constitute investment advice, a recommendation, or an offer to buy or sell any securities. The views expressed are based on publicly available information believed to be reliable at the time of publication, but accuracy or completeness is not guaranteed. Readers should conduct their own independent research and consult a qualified financial professional before making any investment decisions.
It looks like you are not logged in. Click the button below to log in and keep track of your recent history.
IPO Momentum, Small-Cap Strength, and Sector Opportunities
The first half of 2026 has delivered a fascinating mix of improving market sentiment, persistent economic uncertainty, and renewed appetite for capital formation. In this month’s episode of The Market This Month, Canadian Securities Exchange Director of Listings Development Anna Serin sits down with Stonecastle Investment Management portfolio manager Bruce Campbell to discuss the resurgence […]
Energy Sector Faces Long Recovery Despite U.S.-Iran Breakthrough
Oil prices fell sharply after the United States and Iran unveiled a framework agreement aimed at ending their conflict and reopening the Strait of Hormuz, with markets quickly pricing in the prospect of renewed energy flows. However, industry experts caution that restoring Middle East oil and gas production, refining operations and export infrastructure to pre-war […]
Netflix Signals Interest in More Broadcaster Partnerships Following TF1 Agreement (NFLX)
Streaming Giant Looks to Expand Collaborative Model Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) is open to pursuing additional partnerships with traditional television broadcasters after launching its new agreement with French media group TF1, according to comments from co-chief executive Greg Peters reported by the Financial Times. Peters said the company intends to use the TF1 arrangement as an opportunity […]
Meta Seeks Legal Shield in Child Safety Cases as KOSA Debate Continues (META)
Company Pushes for Liability Protection in Proposed Online Safety Legislation Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META) has reportedly urged U.S. lawmakers to include legal protections for technology companies facing child-harm claims linked to social media platforms such as Instagram, according to a source familiar with the discussions and draft legislative language reviewed by Reuters. The proposed provision is […]
Micron Earnings Seen as Key Test for AI-Driven Market Rally (MU)
Investors Look to Chipmaker for Signals on AI Demand Investors are closely watching the upcoming earnings report from Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU), viewing it as an important indicator of whether the artificial intelligence-driven surge in semiconductor demand remains strong enough to support further gains in equity markets. Despite a sharp sell-off earlier in the week, major […]
U.S.-Iran Talks Scrapped as Oil Slides and Markets Reassess Geopolitical Risks: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Wall Street Futures
Futures Ease While Investors Question Strength of U.S.-Iran Agreement U.S. stock futures traded slightly lower on Friday after a strong rally on Wall Street fuelled by optimism that the recently announced U.S.-Iran peace agreement would hold. At the same time, oil prices continued to retreat as traders anticipated that the reopening of the Strait of […]
U.S. Stocks Rally on Iran Deal and Intel-Apple Chip Announcement
Wall Street closed sharply higher Thursday as investors shrugged off the prior session’s Federal Reserve-driven selloff, pivoting instead to two big pieces of geopolitical and corporate news: the signing of a U.S.-Iran agreement to reopen the Strait of Hormuz and a surprise announcement that Intel and Apple plan to build chips together on American soil. […]
Terra Innovatum Advances SOLO Reactor Upgrade Initiative to Boost Power Output
Terra Innovatum Global N.V. (NASDAQ:NKLR) has launched a new initiative aimed at increasing the power output and efficiency of its SOLO™ Micro Modular Reactor platform, as the company seeks to enhance the economics of future clean energy deployments across industrial, distributed and off-grid markets. The program focuses on optimizing the reactor’s power conversion architecture, with […]
Kraft Heinz Announces Departure of Senior Executive Cory Onell (KHC)
The Kraft Heinz Company (NASDAQ:KHC) said Cory Onell will step down from his position as Executive Vice President and Chief Omnichannel Sales and Asia Emerging Markets Officer at the end of June, marking a leadership change within the food and beverage group. The company said Onell’s departure will become effective on June 30, 2026. Advisory […]
Wall Street Set for Rebound as Iran Peace Accord Lifts Sentiment: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq, Futures
U.S. stock futures pointed higher on Thursday, indicating a stronger start for Wall Street after equities sold off sharply following the Federal Reserve’s latest policy decision. Investor sentiment improved after the United States and Iran formally signed a preliminary agreement aimed at ending the conflict in the Middle East, easing concerns over energy supplies and […]
Is Tech Heading for a Correction? Intel and Marvell Technology Are Expensive – Could Lahontan Gold Be a Rotation Winner?
Intel: Operational Pressure Forces Smart Capital Model As an integrated chip manufacturer, Intel serves the PC and server market with its own processors and also acts as a contract manufacturer for external chip designers. To relieve pressure on the balance sheet amid high operating losses in the foundry business, the group, under the leadership of Lip-Bu […]
Globex Mining has trounced the TSX since 2016: Why to stay bullish
While mining is an essential industry, supplying us with the basic materials that make up the products and services at the heart of our everyday lives, from lithium in electric vehicle batteries, to gold in our jewelry, to copper cables enabling the Internet, to nickel for the steel support structures in our homes, investing in […]
Intel Jumps After Trump Says Apple Will Partner on U.S. Chip Production (INTC)
Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) shares surged in premarket trading on Thursday after U.S. President Donald Trump said Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) had agreed to work with the chipmaker on designing and manufacturing semiconductors in the United States, a move that could bolster efforts to expand domestic chip production. Intel stock climbed more than 8% before the opening […]
SpaceX Rebounds in Premarket Trading After First Post-IPO Decline (SPCX)
SpaceX (NASDAQ:SPCX) shares edged higher in premarket trading on Thursday after posting their first daily decline since the company’s record-breaking stock market debut, following a remarkable rally that briefly propelled the aerospace group above some of the world’s largest technology companies by market value. SPCX rose 1.2% before the opening bell by 05:08 ET (09:08 […]
Maserati Updates Core Models as Stellantis Prepares Luxury Brand Overhaul
Maserati unveiled refreshed versions of its GranTurismo, GranCabrio and Grecale models on Thursday as parent company Stellantis (BIT:STLAM) prepares to outline a new long-term strategy for the luxury marque later this year. The model updates come ahead of a capital markets event scheduled for December, where management is expected to present plans aimed at revitalising […]
Wall Street Futures Rebound as Markets Weigh Fed Outlook and U.S.-Iran Peace Agreement: Dow Jones, S&P, Nasdaq
U.S. stock futures moved higher on Thursday as investors assessed the implications of the Federal Reserve’s latest policy decision and a surprise agreement between the United States and Iran aimed at ending months of conflict. The gains followed a sharp sell-off on Wall Street in the previous session, when rising Treasury yields and a more […]
Hawkish Fed Surprise Sends Stocks Sharply Lower
Wall Street ended Wednesday deep in the red after Federal Reserve Chair Kevin Warsh delivered a hawkish shock in his debut as chair of the FOMC, erasing an early-session gain driven by a stronger-than-expected retail sales report. All three major indexes finished well off their highs, with growth and technology stocks bearing the brunt of […]
Markets in Motion: sector rotation points to new opportunities
Market leadership begins to broaden The market continues to be dominated by technology, but signs of rotation are beginning to emerge beneath the surface. In this week’s Markets in Motion, Bruce Campbell highlights the remarkable performance of SpaceX following its IPO, with the company quickly climbing into the ranks of the world’s largest public companies by […]
Semiconductor Stocks Climb in Premarket Trade Following Intel Manufacturing Milestone
Chipmakers moved higher in premarket trading on Wednesday, with Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) leading the sector after announcing a significant advancement in its next-generation manufacturing technology. The gains helped reverse some of the weakness seen across semiconductor stocks during Tuesday’s session, lifting sentiment across the broader industry. Intel Leads Sector Higher Intel shares rose roughly 4% before […]
Intel Shares Rise After 18A-P Manufacturing Process Reaches Key Production Milestone
Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) moved higher in premarket trading on Wednesday after revealing that its advanced 18A-P chip manufacturing technology has entered risk production, an important phase that precedes volume manufacturing. The development marks another step forward in Intel’s effort to execute on its semiconductor manufacturing strategy and attract additional customers to its growing foundry business. Shares […]
© Copyright 2026
Subscribe to Ad free and enjoy an ad-free experience

                    Try Now
                
Keep the Ads"
27,2026-06-19,"Ahead of its Prime Day sale, Amazon has dropped the price of Nioh 3 for PS5 from $69.99 to $49.99. This marks its lowest price point so far at the retailer."
28,2026-06-19,"Login

Ro 
19 June 2026


Apple Huawei Xiaomi Samsung Smart wearables

According to the latest Counterpoint report, the global smart wearable market grew 4% in Q1 2026 compared to the same period last year, which follows a steady recovery in 2025 after a rough 2024. The analysts say Apple's relatively new wearable devices fueled much of the growth, and consumers are now generally more inclined to buy premium smartwatches.
The growth of the Chinese smartwatch market has also contributed quite a bit, with Huawei leading the pack domestically, followed by Imoo and Xiaomi. Shipments in the country grew 15% YoY, and Huawei seized 40% of the domestic market share.
The global ASP (Average Selling Price) has risen 6% YoY in the first quarter of this year, which the indication that consumers are looking for more premium features. And manufacturers seem to be responding to the demand. The latest wearable devices offer more premium features, more sensors and overall better health-tracking capabilities.
North America contributed over half of Apple's total shipments, securing its first place with a 23% market share, which is a 21% growth from Q1 2025. Huawei takes the second spot with a 12% increase in sales, followed by Xiaomi, Imoo and Samsung. The latter recorded a significant 28% dip.
Source
Still have Samsung watch 6 classic 47mm version. Heavy and cool watch but battery life is short. No plans to buy a new watch as I use it rarely.
Still enjoying my OnePlus Watch 3 🙂 don't need another watch yet. Though the new Honor watch with almost 1000mah looks good!! Might have to try that one! 



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2026 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use

"
29,2026-06-19,The company clearly hopes to expand its outreach to women.
30,2026-06-19,"Press F to close
A study of the generative design system for the Bengal Classical Music Festival by Shafiq Alam, translating ragas into fragmented three-dimensional arts.
The core of the composition relies on a three-dimensional rendering of a musician. This grey, stone-like figure sits in quiet contemplation. The sculpture then fragments into horizontal ribbons. These ribbons flow outwards to mirror the sonic waves of the performance. Flat, saturated yellow backgrounds pair with magenta banners to create extreme spatial tension. Each visual output responds to the specific tempo and structure of the ragas. A custom generative design system drives this transformation. This process ensures that no two posters share the exact same deformation. The resulting visuals capture both the structure and the fluidity of the music.
Typographically, the posters use a disciplined, geometric sans-serif typeface. The uppercase letterforms lock into horizontal magenta blocks. Generous tracking creates a clean rhythm. This contrast balances the chaotic, flowing lines of the fragmented statue. In print, the contrast between flat inks and the rendered shadows is pronounced. The bright yellow fields command immediate attention. The subtle gradients on the grey figure invite closer inspection. The design team printed the identity on heavy, uncoated stock. This texture absorbs the ink, giving the flat colors a tactile quality. This layout relies on structural hierarchy and strict alignment to balance the organic forms.
Historically, music festival branding relies on generic instrument illustrations or photographic collages. Alam rejects these clichÃ©s. The design studio positions the identity at the intersection of algorithmic art and cultural heritage. They allow the generative design system to dictate the visual outcomes. This system respects the spiritual depth of classical music. At the same time, it pushes the boundaries of modern brand design. This identity represents a shift in cultural branding. It shows how technology can honor tradition. The work earned international recognition. It won a Red Dot Award in 2017.
See the full project by Shafiq Alam on Behance."
31,2026-06-19," 
Alburrigueresco is an artistic research and material production project by Mexican artist and architect Alfredo Tamayo. The work reinterprets elements of Mexican Baroque architecture through contemporary commercial objects and materials associated with informal trade. The public art roject emerges from the observation of downtown Mexico City, where viceregal architecture coexists with a dense saturation of goods, colors, temporary structures, and popular economies.
 
Rather than using traditional architectural materials, the project works with objects commonly found in markets, street stalls, food businesses, and commercial displays: plastic cups, laminated packaging, Cheetos encapsulated in resin, mannequins, printed tablecloths, metal frames, grids, and other low-cost urban materials. Through their reconfiguration, these objects become architectural fragments such as pediments, moldings, columns, estípites, niches, and ornamental details. These fragments operate as meta-architectures: structures that do not attempt to faithfully reproduce historical Baroque architecture, but instead activate its visual logics of excess, ornament, theatricality, and accumulation within a contemporary urban context.
all images by Gerardo Torres
 
 
 
The project by Mexican artist and architect Alfredo Tamayo unfolds through ephemeral interventions in public space. Temporarily installed in plazas and streets across Mexico City’s historic center, the works create visual frictions between architectural heritage, informal commerce, and contemporary material culture. Their presence interrupts the everyday flow of the city and invites passersby to look again at the objects, textures, and signs that shape the urban landscape. Alburrigueresco proposes ornament not as a residue of the past, but as an active strategy of attraction, identity, desire, and communication within popular urban life. Each intervention functions as an autonomous chapter within an ongoing investigation into architecture, consumption, collective memory, and contemporary Baroque aesthetics.

Alburrigueresco is a temporary public intervention in Mexico City’s historic center
plastic, food in resin, and market objects become architectural elements
the project draws inspiration from the visual landscape of downtown Mexico City
 

low-cost urban objects are reconfigured into sculptural architectural fragments


plastic cups, printed tablecloths, and metal grids form ornamental compositions
the installations create dialogue between heritage architecture and informal trade
the installations reference the visual excess of Mexican Baroque architecture


ephemeral interventions occupy plazas and streets across Mexico City’s historic center
Cheetos encapsulated in resin become part of the architectural vocabulary
the project explores ornament through accumulation, color, and material contrast
popular market materials are transformed into contemporary architectural forms
temporary structures introduce new readings of the historic urban landscape
 
project info:
 
name: Alburrigueresco designer: Alfredo Tamayo Cortés
location: Mexico City
photographer: Gerardo Torres
 
 
designboom has received this project from our DIY submissions feature, where we welcome our readers to submit their own work for publication. see more project submissions from our readers here.
 
edited by: christina vergopoulou | designboom"
32,2026-06-19,"Is CSTM a good stock to buy? We came across a bullish thesis on Constellium SE on TradersPro’s Substack. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis..."
33,2026-06-19,"Is CSGP a good stock to buy? We came across a bullish thesis on CoStar Group, Inc. on r/ValueInvesting by WarmFaithlessness946. In this article, we will summ..."
34,2026-06-19,"

      Ashley Lopez
    


                Vessels are anchored along the Strait of Hormuz.
                
                    
                    Amirhossein Khorgooei/ISNA/AFP via Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

The war in Iran was a costly blunder, according to swing voters in the battleground state of Wisconsin.
NPR observed two online focus groups on Tuesday featuring voters who supported Joe Biden in 2020 and then Donald Trump in 2024.
President Trump had just announced a framework agreement to end the war, which he signed on Wednesday.
Yet among the focus groups' 13 participants, no one said they thought the conflict with Iran was worth it, and nine said they felt that the U.S. is coming out of this conflict weaker than before.
Corey M., a 33-year-old independent voter, said he is concerned that the U.S. expended ""so much financially and so much of our arsenal,"" with little to show for it. (All participants agreed to be part of the focus groups on the condition that they be identified by their first name and last initial only.)
""We essentially got nothing out of it,"" he said. ""It's hurt our economy and increased expenses for the everyday American, and it accomplished the square root of nothing.""
Focus groups are not scientifically significant like polling. But they provide insight into how Americans are thinking about what they see in the news.
These focus groups — made up of 10 self-described independents, two Democrats and one Republican — were conducted by messaging and market research firms Engagious and Sago as part of the Swing Voter Project. NPR is a partner on the project.
Rich Thau, president of Engagious, moderated the focus groups. He has been asking voters in key states about this conflict since March. And he said voters have been consistent.
""They were never on board,"" Thau said. ""Not the beginning. Not in the middle. And as we just learned, not at the end either, judging from what we heard from Wisconsin swing voters.""
Sam M., a 30-year-old independent, said from what he read about the deal, it wasn't leaving the U.S. in a better position than before the war. In fact, he said he thought the Iran nuclear deal brokered by the Obama administration — which Trump backed out of — was a better deal for the United States.
For most voters, though, their biggest concern has remained the high gas prices that are a consequence of the war.
Tammy S., a 53-year-old independent voter, said Americans have been unfairly caught in the middle.
""I just don't think the way that everybody else had to suffer through the tantrums of these two playing tug-of-war — I just don't think that it was fair to the American people,"" she said. ""I don't think that anybody was a real winner here.""
Several voters said they've felt squeezed by costs and as a result have given up something that had been a regular part of their life. They've cut vacations and eating out or are getting their hair done less often.
""I've given up all my extracurricular hobbies … paddleboarding, yoga,"" said Jaylyn M., a 27-year-old who identifies as a Republican. ""And then a lot of my subscriptions I've cut out, along with my daily coffee, which is minor, but all things that I've had to give up to make ends meet.""
""I had to raise all my deductibles on everything — my car insurance, my health insurance — to lower my premiums, so that I can continue to make it,"" added Robyn T., a 63-year-old independent.
The latest NPR/PBS News/Marist poll, out Thursday, finds that only a third of Americans approve of how Trump is handling the economy.
In the focus groups, nine of the 13 voters said they are more anxious about the economy than they were before Trump took office last year. And all but one voter agreed with the statement that ""President Trump himself is responsible for those higher prices"" because of the war.
""And 10 said he's out of touch with their economic concerns,"" Thau told NPR. ""So for them, there's a clear disconnect between how the president's operating on the economy and what their needs are.""
And heading into what could be some tough midterm elections for Republicans, voters are really frustrated that Trump isn't delivering a better economy by now.
""It seems to me, like, pick your issue, and things are not going well for him,"" said Josh K., a 29-year-old independent voter. ""I mean, we got this stupid war in Iran, and it turns out that we actually aren't getting anything out of it. I mean, all we got was $4 gas. I mean, pick your issue — the economy, things are more expensive.""
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
35,2026-06-19,"Six men have been jailed after carrying out a targeted attack on two members of a rival motorcycling gang.
Members of the Rock Machine Motorcycle Club, Lee Rogers, Robert Greenacre, Kyle Matthews, Darren Rimmer and Ashley Lauterdale carried out the attack on a man and woman outside a pub on Market Place, Coleford, Gloucestershire, in April 2025.
The male victim, aged in his 60s, was taken to hospital with serious injuries, including a bleed on the brain and a fractured jaw. The woman sustained injuries but did not need hospital treatment.
The six were sentenced to a combined total of 27 years and two months at Bristol Crown Court earlier.
The court was told the attack happened after a dispute between two motorcycling groups, 'The Outlaws' and 'The Rock Machine'.
The victims were sitting near the Clock Tower in Coleford on 5 April 2025 when five vehicles arrived and members of The Rock Machine Motorcycle Club charged at them, some carrying weapons such as metal poles, a baseball bat, and a hammer.
The attack left both victims with serious injuries, with the male victim requiring hospital treatment.
Judge Richardson said there was a ""willingness to engage in confrontation and violence"" and a desire to ""ensure the Rock Machine were on top"".
After sentencing, acting Det Sgt Robert Humphreys said: ""I am pleased that six men have been jailed following their involvement in what can only be described as a calculated and brazen violent assault.
""I hope this court outcome shows that violence won't be tolerated here in Gloucestershire and that police will do all they can to bring offenders to justice.""
Rogers, 38 and of Tipton, Timmins, 27, also from Tipton and Greenace, 35, from Wokingham all pleaded guilty to wounding with intent and violent disorder.
Matthews, 28, Darren Rimmer, 53, and Lauterdale, 35, all from Gloucester, were found guilty of wounding with intent and violent disorder by a jury.
Lauterdale was also found guilty of assault occasioning actual bodily harm. 
Timmins was jailed for four years and three months, Greenacre was sentenced to three years and four months in prison and Rogers was sentenced to five years and 10 months.
Meanwhile Matthews was jailed for two years and ten months, Rimmer for four years and five months and Lauterdale for six years and six months.
Three other men, Luke Cole, Joshua Bell and Paul Price also previously pleaded guilty to violent disorder in connection with the attack, with a fourth man, Mark Gibson, found guilty of violent disorder but not guilty to wounding with intent and assault occasioning actual bodily harm at a previous trial.
All four are due to be sentenced at Bristol Crown Court in August.
Another man, Jordan Peers was found not guilty of violent disorder and encouraging or assisting an offender following a trial and faces no further police action.
Follow BBC Gloucestershire on Facebook, X and Instagram. Send your story ideas to us on email or via WhatsApp on 0800 313 4630.
Former preacher Marjorie Mitchell wrote hundreds of reflections during Covid which now have a podcast.
Campsites say more people are making last-minute bookings due to cost of living and fuel prices.
Contractors are due to cut ground at the site in Coleford in the Forest of Dean on 27 April. 
The clinic is offering lung checks for smokers or ex-smokers aged from 55 to 74.
Billy Pugh juggles his work in engineering with racing mountain bikes all over the world. 
Copyright 2026 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
36,2026-06-19,"For a growing number of Americans, living with family members has become a necessary trend.
Young adults are moving back into their parents' homes as the housing market becomes increasingly unaffordable, and grandparents are offering childcare in exchange for a place to stay.
June Boyd, 90, hosts 13 people in her Toledo, Ohio, home, including children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren. Together, the adults split the home's $700 monthly rent — a huge plus for living with others.
""In our case, there are no downsides to multigenerational living,"" Boyd told Business Insider in May. ""The main thing is that it reduces the cost of living, given how high prices are.""
While Boyd's situation might seem exceptional, multigenerational living is becoming more common across the country.
Between July 2023 and June 2024, 17% of all homebuyers purchased a multigenerational home — an increase from 14% the previous year, according to The National Association of Realtors' 2025 report. In some housing markets, nearly a fourth of the homes support multigenerational living.
California metros lead the country in multigenerational home listings, Realtor.com data shows. Among the 50 largest metros, the top five are all in California, with the leading metro at 23.7% — nearly four times the national share of 6.1%.
Below are 20 of the largest metros ranked by their share of multigenerational listings.
Share of multigen listings: 7.00%
Multigen listing price: $1,099,90
Price vs. standard: 15.90%
Share multigen listings: 7.40%
Multigen listing Price: $699,000
Price vs. standard: 39.80%
Share multigen listings: 7.70%
Multigen listing price: $775,000
Price vs. standard: 55.00%
Share multigen listings: 8.20%
Multigen listing price: $640,000
Price vs. standard: 20.80%
Share multigen listings: 8.40%
Multigen listing price: $524,990
Price vs. standard: 26.50%
Share multigen listings: 8.70%
Multigen listing price: $659,000
Price vs. standard: 37.30%
Share multigen listings: 8.90%
Multigen listing price: $744,900
Price vs. standard: 38.00%
Share multigen listings: 9.00%
Multigen listing price: $599,000
Price vs. standard: 37.70%
Share multigen listings: 9.60%
Multigen listing price: $850,000
Price vs. standard: 23.40%
Share multigen listings: 10.70%
Multigen listing price: $608,000
Price vs. standard: 44.10%
Share multigen listings: 10.90%
Multigen listing price: $925,000
Price vs. standard: 27.60%
Share multigen listings: 12.10%
Multigen listing price: $970,000
Price vs. standard: 11.60%
Share multigen listings: 12.60%
Multigen listing price: $849,900
Price vs. standard: 28.80%
Share multigen listings: 14.60%
Multigen listing price: $749,990
Price vs. standard: 17.90%
Share multigen listings: 14.90%
Multigen listing price: $799,900
Price vs. standard: 22.30%
Share multigen listings: 14.90%
Multigen listing price: $718,000
Price vs. standard: 19.70%
Share multigen listings: 17.40%
Multigen listing price: $1,299,000
Price vs. standard: 8.40%
Share multigen listings: 18.00%
Multigen listing price: $2,050,000
Price vs. standard: 20.70%
Share multigen listings: 22.70%
Multigen listing price: $1,419,000
Price vs. standard: 18.80%
Share multigen listings: 23.70%
Multigen listing price: $1,419,800
Price vs. standard: 1.60%
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
37,2026-06-19,"Is ULTA a good stock to buy? We came across a bullish thesis on Ulta Beauty, Inc. on r/ValueInvesting by raytoei. In this article, we will summarize the bull..."
38,2026-06-19,"Is SNY a good stock to buy? We came across a bullish thesis on Sanofi on r/ValueInvesting by stefanliemawan. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ th..."
39,2026-06-19,"Wasatch Global Investors, an asset management company, released its “Micro Cap Fund” Q1 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. Th..."
40,2026-06-19,"ByCatherine Brock,
Contributor.
Edited bySophia Acevedo,
Associate Editor.
Undervalued stocks offer portfolio diversification and long-term returns, often with lower volatility risk. This is especially useful for balancing tech-heavy portfolios. Eight top undervalued stocks for July 2026 were selected based on six key criteria: a Lynch upside exceeding 20%, a P/B ratio below 1.5, a P/E ratio lower than industry and company averages, a D/E ratio under 0.5, over 20% three-year revenue growth and positive analyst ratings. The list features Arch Capital Group, Trip.com, Equinox Gold, Central Puerto, UP Fintech, Caledonia Mining, Chicago Atlantic BDC and Jiayin Group. These companies exhibit strong fundamentals, strategic growth or attractive yields.
Undervalued stocks don’t generate the headlines or the excitement of their growth-oriented counterparts. But they can provide important diversification and long-term returns, often with lower volatility risk. They can be particularly useful for balancing risk in a portfolio with heavy exposure to highly valued tech stocks. 
Let’s meet the eight best undervalued stocks to buy now based on valuation metrics, leverage and revenue growth. 
I used six criteria to identify eight of the top undervalued stocks that could be candidates for your portfolio in July: 
The largest eight companies meeting these criteria are included in the table below. 
A closer look at each business follows. Metrics are sourced from company reports and StockAnalysis.com. 
Arch Capital is an S&P 500 company that provides insurance, reinsurance and mortgage insurance around the world. 
Arch Capital has a conservative balance sheet and a history of generating good returns in difficult insurance markets. The company actively manages risk across its three markets by writing more coverage when rates are elevated and reducing exposure when conditions are less favorable. This strategy has supported a strong growth track record since 2001. 
ACGL stock has trended nearly flat over the past 12 months, despite four consecutive positive earnings surprises. To strengthen its market position, the company is consolidating its three businesses under one leader, President Maamoun Rajeh. Arch Capital is also refinancing debt with proceeds from the issuance of $2 billion in new, long-dated senior notes. 
Trip.com is a travel service provider that sells hotel stays, airline tickets, travel insurance, tours and customized and bundled itineraries. The company is based in China and has strong brand recognition among travelers in Asia.  
After a large COVID-related sales decline in 2020, Trip.com has notched five years of consecutive revenue growth and four years of profit growth. Diluted EPS has more than tripled from $2.19 in 2023 to $7.04 in 2025. 
The company’s growth strategy involves international expansion and personalized, high-quality service. A growing partnership network supports expansion, while ongoing investment in data intelligence and AI facilitates personalized service. Trip.com’s AI-powered TripGenie and Trip. Planner tools streamline travel research and planning, while deepening engagement with its customers. 
Equinox acquires, explores, develops and operates gold and silver mines in the Americas. 
Equinox recently announced a merger agreement with Orla Mining, creating a new North American senior gold producer with six mines, including three long-life assets in Canada. Canada is one of the world’s safest mining jurisdictions in terms of political and operational risk — though the country does have strict environmental rules. Post-merger, Equinox is expected to produce about $1.4 billion in free cash flow and have $1.4 billion in liquidity to fund growth plans. 
Earlier in the year, Equinox paid down $990 million of debt after selling its Brazilian operations. The divestiture strengthened the company’s balance sheet and de-risked its mining portfolio. 
Central Puerto owns and operates 16 thermal and renewable electricity generation plants in Argentina and recently acquired oil and gas company Patagonia Energy. The company also has investments in natural gas distribution and mining. 
Central Puerto, Argentina’s top electricity producer, has high margins, good operating cash flow and a diversified portfolio of assets. Those qualities, alongside CEPU’s attractive valuation, makes the company an interesting choice. 
The company also recently secured a $245 million bid to continue operating the Piedra del Aguila hydro plant until 2055. The arrangement includes options to increase capacity for sales under contract. The revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars, which reduces foreign exchange risk and adjustments for U.S. inflation are allowed. 
Singapore-based UP Fintech operates Tiger Brokers, an online brokerage serving self-directed traders, corporations and institutional clients. The company offers access to securities trading in the U.S., Hong Kong, Singapore and Australia. 
UP Fintech has had an impressive growth trend over the last three years, with diluted EPS increasing from $0.21 in 2023 to $0.93 in 2025. The company is rapidly expanding its user base, with strength in Singapore and Hong Kong. The first quarter earnings report notes that expansion of the company’s Tiger AI agents has improved user satisfaction. The agents support functions like analysis, forecasting and risk control for retail traders. 
UP Fintech also has momentum in its corporate business, with ongoing IPO activity and new ESOP clients. 
The company did absorb a significant penalty from Chinese securities regulators which created a loss in the first quarter of 2026. The penalty addressed unlicensed cross-border securities transactions by TIGR subsidiaries. 
Signaling a positive outlook, the board recently approved a $50 million share repurchase authorization. 
Caledonia Mining explores, develops and produces gold in Zimbabwe. The company has one producing mine, one project in active development and one in exploration.  
CMCL has steadily increased revenue since 2019 with consistent results from its flagship Blanket Mine. Since 2025, when the gold price began to surge, the company’s annual free cash flow has exceeded $40 million. 
The company’s second location has been approved for development and is expected to deliver gold starting in late 2028. The mine has a projected 32.5% internal rate of return based on a gold price of $2,548. The gold price has traded above $4,000 since late 2025. 
Caledonia also reported encouraging drilling results at its exploration project adjacent to the development location. The proximity could allow for operational synergies across the two locations. 
Note that Zimbabwe is considered a high-risk mining location and there is significant execution risk tied to Caledonia’s expansion strategy. 
Chicago Atlantic BDC provides senior-secured fixed and floating rate debt to cannabis operators and other niche businesses. The company is structured as a BDC, which pays at least 90% of its taxable income to shareholders. For that reason, BDCs, like REITs, can be generous dividend stocks. 
Leveraging its niche focus, Chicago Atlantic BDC generates high yields on senior-secured debt without significant credit deterioration. In the first quarter of 2026, the loan portfolio produced a weighted average yield of 15.8%. And, the company has reported no non-accruing loans on its quarterly earnings releases since the fourth quarter of 2024. This track record signals high credit quality. 
LIEN pays an annual dividend of $1.36, which equates to a dividend yield of 13.6%. 
Jiayin Group operates a fintech platform that connects lenders with underserved borrowers in the People’s Republic of China and other markets. 
Jiayin Group is rapidly expanding into Indonesia and Mexico. Both countries have large audiences of underserved borrowers and less restrictive lending regulations than China. Loan yields can be high but so can the risk of default. 
The international expansion contributed to 2025 revenue and net income increases of 7.3% and 45.4%, respectively. 
Jiayin Group also invests generously in dividends and ADS repurchases. The company typically declares its once-annual dividend in July. The last payout was $0.80 per ADS, for a yield of 19.6%. The company approved an $80 million share repurchase plan in August 2025 and has spent $30.4 million of that authorization as of March 31. 
Screening for the best undervalued stocks for July 2026 often surfaces international businesses and companies in overlooked industries. These stocks can have added complexities related to currency, geography and business model — which may be contributing to their low valuations. Value stocks rarely deliver quick wins, so consider those complexities and your investing timeline before trading. For more diversified investing options, see: Best index funds of 2026."
41,2026-06-19,"Is BLBD a good stock to buy? We came across a bullish thesis on Blue Bird Corporation on InfoArb Sheets’s Substack. In this article, we will summarize the bu..."
42,2026-06-19,"A power bank is a great way to keep your devices charged on the go. And while most people will use them for phones, you can also use them to charge up accessories, tablets, and even some laptops, depending on the model. However, if you're just looking to get the slimmest option that's great for phones and accessories, we think this one from iVANKY might be a good option.
Not only are you getting a 5,000mAh battery, but it also delivers up to 20W charging. Plus, it features MagSafe, which means you can attach it to any compatible phone and have it charge wirelessly. Furthermore, it features a super-slim profile, along with an affordable price tag of just $14. 
Now, power banks come in all shapes and sizes, but this one is great if you're looking to spend a long day out. Not only will it provide you with that extra boost of power you need, but if your phone is compatible, it can do so wirelessly through the convenience of MagSafe. 
As mentioned before, this power bank can charge up to 20W when plugged in and up to 7.5W wirelessly. It's a great battery to have with you when you need a quick charge but don't want to carry a lot with you. Plus, the current price can't be beat. 
Be sure to get it now while you can. It is on clearance, which usually means that the stock is low. 
A slim power bank with MagSafe that can easily attach and charge any compatible phone. It's affordable at just $14, which is 53% off the usual retail. 
 "
43,2026-06-19,"Is PEB a good stock to buy? We came across a bullish thesis on Pebblebrook Hotel Trust on TradersPro’s Substack. In this article, we will summarize the bulls..."
44,2026-06-19,"Is SUNC a good stock to buy? We came across a bullish thesis on SunocoCorp LLC on TradersPro’s Substack. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis..."
45,2026-06-19,"Xometry, Inc. (NASDAQ:XMTR) was among the stocks on which Jim Cramer commented, as he emphasized that SpaceX investors are betting on Elon Musk rather than t..."
46,2026-06-19,"Investing

							COST trades at $951, below analysts' $1,082 target, despite revenue hitting $70.5B and membership fees driving over 70% of profits.													

							Money flows where excitement is, and retail stocks get left behind when the broader market chases hotter sectors, and even Costco's shares are no exception.													

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and Costco didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© 2024 Getty Images / Getty Images News via Getty Images
Costco  (NASDAQ: COST | COST Price Prediction) is one of the best-managed companies in the US. Some say it is the best-managed retailer. It has the best model in the big retail business. It makes a huge amount of money by charging customers to shop in its stores before they have even bought anything.
However, Costco’s stock is up only slightly this year compared to the S&P 500.
Costco had a characteristically strong quarter, which ended May 10. Revenue moved from $63.2 billion to $70.5 billion a year ago. Net income rose from $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion. Membership fees rose from $1.24 billion to $1.73 billion. These membership fees are over 70% of Costco’s profits.
Of the 37 analysts who rate Costco, 21 rate it a “buy” or “strong buy”. The average price target for the stock is $1,082. The stock currently trades at $951.
One reason for the mediocre performance could be that it trades at 48 times trailing earnings. However, that is not a good answer. It has had a similar relationship to its sector for years.
There may have been profit-taking. It is down from its all-time peak set several weeks ago. However, Wall St. is not in a profit-taking mood, particularly for highly successful companies.
It is not the retail market more broadly. Retail sales nationwide in May rose 6.9% year over year, an unexpectedly strong result.
It is not the broader economy, particularly employment, and the effects it might have on consumer spending. The employment situation is much better than expected in the last two months, and the economy continues to add jobs.
The Costco stock problem is not management. Ron Vachris has been CEO since January 2024.
There is a theory about stocks that does not have strong support. People trade, occasionally, in and out of stocks because a sector is not as exciting as most of the rest of the market. Money flows to where the action is. The action, and the money in the market, have not flowed toward retail stocks, even to the best company in the sector.
Douglas A. McIntyre is the co-founder, chief executive officer and editor in chief of 24/7 Wall St. and 24/7 Tempo. He has held these jobs since 2006.
McIntyre has written thousands of articles for 24/7 Wall St. He is an expert on corporate finance, the automotive industry, media companies and international finance. He has edited articles on national demographics, sports, personal income and travel.
His work has been quoted or mentioned in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Los Angeles Times, The Washington Post, NBC News, Time, The New Yorker, HuffPost USA Today, Business Insider, Yahoo, AOL, MarketWatch, The Atlantic, Bloomberg, New York Post, Chicago Tribune, Forbes, The Guardian and many other major publications. McIntyre has been a guest on CNBC, the BBC and television and radio stations across the country.
A magna cum laude graduate of Harvard College, McIntyre also was president of The Harvard Advocate. Founded in 1866, the Advocate is the oldest college publication in the United States.
TheStreet.com, Comps.com and Edgar Online are some of the public companies for which McIntyre served on the board of directors. He was a Vicinity Corporation board member when the company was sold to Microsoft in 2002. He served on the audit committees of some of these companies.
McIntyre has been the CEO of FutureSource, a provider of trading terminals and news to commodities and futures traders. He was president of Switchboard, the online phone directory company. He served as chairman and CEO of On2 Technologies, the video compression company that provided video compression software for Adobe’s Flash. Google bought On2 in 2009.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
CNBC's Jim Cramer believes Costco and Walmart stocks have long-term strength. These retailers have scale and fat margins, and they…
Costco (NASDAQ:COST | COST Price Prediction) delivered the proverbial mixed bag earnings report, beating Wall Street estimates on the bottom…
Unlike at other retailers, strong earnings boosted Costco stock. Memberships and a strong private label help set it apart.
Costco (NASDAQ:COST | COST Price Prediction) delivered a clean beat on both the top and bottom lines for its fiscal…
Costco (NASDAQ:COST | COST Price Prediction) is poised to become a leading dividend stock, driven by its consistent dividend history,…
After rough earnings, Jim Cramer said Costco (NASDAQ: COST | COST Price Prediction) was a “buy.” He said, “And if…
Jim Cramer, the charismatic host of CNBC’s Mad Money, has become a household name for investors seeking bold, actionable insights.…
Costco stock has not fallen as much as the broad market in recent days. The big-box retailer has several advantages.
Costco (NASDAQ:COST | COST Price Prediction) is set to report fiscal third-quarter 2025 earnings after the market closes on Thursday.…"
47,2026-06-19,"
Join the club for quick access. Enter your email below and we'll send confirmation, and sign you up to our newsletter.


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest about Microsoft
Updates, launches and rumors.
Latest about AI.
AI updates, how-tos and comparisons in one place.

Explore your membership benefits.


Stay Ahead with Windows Central


Get the biggest gaming news, reviews, and releases straight to your inbox.

YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    As Destiny 2 ends, ex-Bungie dev says supporting Marathon will help keep the studio afloat
                                

                                    Ex-Destiny 2 dev says Bungie was ""very close to shutting its doors"" before Sony's merger
                                

                                    Halo Campaign Evolved and Gears E-Day bring back couch co-op
                                
All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
Not everyone sees Campaign Evolved the same way, as Bungie's Jaime Griesemer offers a particularly blunt assessment.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

I often cover comments from former Halo developers, and they're usually quite profound. Recently, Halo veteran Eddie Smith spoke about the dangers of AI and warned against the industry's growing reliance on it, a message that feels increasingly relevant. Or last month, a former Bungie lead argued that Microsoft was missing a massive opportunity with Halo, and that the franchise had been underutilized for years.
Judging by recent reports of the ongoing at Xbox, however, it seems they may agree with that assessment. However, one former Halo veteran, Jaime Griesemer, had a more combative take on Halo: Campaign Evolved. In response to a fan on X (formerly Twitter), he discussed some of the changes made to the remake, specifically a section involving the tank.
After a fan observed changes to environments during tank-driving gameplay, Griesemer responded with a bullseye emoji, seemingly signaling his agreement with the sentiment. That prompted another fan to ask, “Do you think the game looks good?” Griesemer remarked, “It seems like a very well-made mod. I'm sure it was quite expensive.”
I do somewhat agree with the fan's observation regarding the tank section. That said, I still think Halo: Campaign Evolved looks fantastic. I have my gripes, as I'm sure many others do, but the game is shaping up nicely, and I'm excited for its release.
In fact, I was excited enough to secure the Collector's Edition before scalpers managed to snap up most of the available stock. Of course, I'm a huge Halo fan, so I found these comments particularly striking. Griesemer even went a step further, adding, “I mean, it’s a mod for a GREAT game.”
 



Personally, I can’t understand his perspective and don’t agree with his take at all. Halo: Campaign Evolved certainly has some changes that won't please everyone, but from what I've seen so far, it's shaping up to be something great.
Still, I'd love to know what you think. Do you agree with Griesemer's assessment, or do you think Halo: Campaign Evolved is much more than just a well-made mod? Let me know in the comments, and be sure to take part in our poll below:
 



Join us on Reddit at r/WindowsCentral to share your insights and discuss our latest news, reviews, and more.
Adam is a Psychology Master’s graduate passionate about gaming, community building, and digital engagement. A lifelong Xbox fan since 2001, he started with Halo: Combat Evolved and remains an avid achievement hunter. Over the years, he has engaged with several Discord communities, helping them get established and grow. Gaming has always been more than a hobby for Adam—it’s where he’s met many friends, taken on new challenges, and connected with communities that share his passion.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
48,2026-06-19,"Investing

							SCHD's 3.9% yield and quality screen let retirees fund a 4% withdrawal rate while DGRO's 248% decade return serves as the stronger long-term inflation hedge.													

							VYM's 440-stock breadth and 0.04% expense ratio dilute single-cut risk, making it the go-to choice for concentration-averse retirees.													

Don't wait: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just revealed his top 10 AI stocks. See the full list FREE now.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Tinpixels / Getty Images
Retirees heading into the back half of 2026 face a familiar puzzle: how to pull steady income from a stock portfolio without sacrificing growth that protects against inflation. Three dividend ETFs keep showing up as the cleanest answers, each playing a different role. The Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF (NYSEARCA:SCHD) blends quality and yield, the iShares Core Dividend Growth ETF (NYSEARCA:DGRO) leans into rising payouts, and the Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF (NYSEARCA:VYM) spreads income across hundreds of large caps.
Dividend funds have quietly come back into favor. State Street’s 2026 outlook flagged that factor and dividend ETFs staged a modest comeback as investors sought income and diversification in a lower-rate but still uncertain macro environment. For someone living off a portfolio, the appeal is concrete: qualified dividends are taxed at long-term capital gains rates, cash hits the account on a predictable schedule, and underlying holdings tend to be cash-generative businesses that ride out recessions.
SCHD belongs at the center of most retirement income portfolios because it solves the trade-off retirees actually face. The Dow Jones U.S. Dividend 100 Index it tracks screens for cash flow to debt, return on equity, dividend yield, and five-year dividend growth, weeding out high-yield names that are quietly bleeding. The result is a roughly 100-stock portfolio of profitable, mature businesses that pay well today and tend to keep raising the payout.
The yield does the talking. SCHD throws off roughly 3.9% at the SEC 30-day level, well above the broad market, with an expense ratio of 0.06%. With $71.6 billion in net assets, liquidity is not an issue, and the spread between gross and net expense ratio is essentially zero.
The top holdings read like a defensive income wish list: Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck, ConocoPhillips, Lockheed Martin, and Chevron, each carrying roughly 4% weight. Healthcare, energy, defense, telecom, and consumer staples dominate. The top 10 holdings make up about 41% of assets, meaning SCHD is meaningfully concentrated by ETF standards. That focus is part of why it works, and part of what an investor needs to accept.
SCHD is up about 19% year to date and roughly 26% over the past year, outpacing the S&P 500 in 2026 by several points after trailing it for years. Over a decade the total return runs around 229%, with quarterly dividends that have paid uninterrupted across the entire 11-plus-year history of the fund.
The tradeoff: sector concentration in energy, healthcare, and financials means SCHD can lag in growth-led markets, and a single hostile policy move against a top holding leaves a mark.
DGRO answers a question SCHD does not: what happens to my income stream if inflation reaccelerates? The fund tracks the Morningstar US Dividend Growth Index, which requires consecutive years of dividend increases and excludes the highest-yielding names. An outsized yield often signals distress, and a company forced to cut its dividend takes the share price down with it.
The current yield runs around 2.2%, lower than SCHD or VYM, with an expense ratio of 0.08%. Total return over the past decade sits near 248%, ahead of both SCHD and VYM over the same window, and the trailing one-year return is about 22%.
For a 65-year-old planning a 25- or 30-year retirement, DGRO functions as the growth engine inside the income sleeve. Holdings skew toward dividend compounders in technology, healthcare, and industrials that may yield 1.5% to 2% today but raise payouts faster than CPI. Pair it with SCHD and the blended yield lands in the 3% zone with a real shot at preserving purchasing power into the late 2030s.
The tradeoff: a retiree who needs cash now will feel the lower current yield. DGRO works best alongside a higher-yielding sleeve rather than as a standalone income source.
VYM is the fund to reach for when single-stock or sector concentration keeps an investor up at night. It tracks the FTSE High Dividend Yield Index across U.S. large caps that pay above-average yields. The portfolio holds roughly 440 stocks, several times the count in SCHD or DGRO, diluting the impact of any single dividend cut.
The expense ratio is 0.04%, the cheapest of the three. Yield lands in the 2.4% to 2.7% range, slotting between DGRO and SCHD. Quarterly distributions have been steady, with the March 2026 payment at $0.8617 per share and a December 2025 distribution of $0.9474 reflecting the typical year-end uplift.
Long-term performance trails the other two on a total-return basis: about 202% over the past ten years, roughly 24% over the past year. That gap is the cost of breadth. By holding the whole high-yield universe rather than a screened subset, VYM accepts some lower-quality names in exchange for diversification that smooths the ride.
The tradeoff for VYM is the mirror image of SCHD’s: less concentration risk, but also less of the quality screen that has driven SCHD’s recent outperformance.
For an investor who wants one fund to anchor the income sleeve, SCHD is the strongest choice. The yield is high enough to matter, the quality screen filters out value traps, and the cost is negligible. A retiree drawing roughly 4% a year can get most of that from SCHD distributions alone, leaving principal closer to intact.
A younger retiree or pre-retiree five to ten years out should tilt heavier toward DGRO. Reinvested dividend growth over a 10-year window compounds into a meaningfully larger income stream by the time withdrawals begin, and the lower starting yield matters less when distributions are plowed back in.
For an investor burned by a concentrated position or dividend cut, VYM is the reasonable middle. Pair any two of these and the overlap is modest enough that the combination behaves like a built-in barbell: yield on one end, growth on the other, and breadth filling the middle.
I am a long time investor and student of business, and believe finding good companies that can become great investments is the best game on earth. After 20 years of writing and researching the public markets it is clear that individuals have never had more tools and information to take control of their financial lives. From ETFs and $0 commissions to cryptos and prediction markets there has never been a greater democratization of access to investing. 
I write to help people understand the investments available to them so they can make the best choice for their portfolio, whether they're starting out or looking for income in retirement. 
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
The dividend growth trade is doing something unusual in 2026: it is crushing the broad market. The Schwab U.S. Dividend…
Most Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF (NYSEARCA:SCHD) owners assume they are buying broad market diversification. The latest Schwab fact sheet…
Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF (NYSEARCA: SCHD) and Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF (NYSEARCA: VYM) sit on most income investors’…
A retiree with $500,000 earmarked for dividend equities faces a genuine fork in the road between Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF…
The 10-year Treasury yield sits at 4.23% today, and that number matters more than most retirees realize. It represents the…
For a 59-year-old pre-retiree sitting on a six-figure dividend core, the choice between iShares Core Dividend Growth ETF (NYSEARCA:DGRO) and…
A 63-year-old retiree with $400,000 parked in the Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF (NYSEARCA:SCHD) likely picked it for the 100-stock…
Consumer sentiment hit 56.4 in January 2026, which falls below the 60-point threshold that historically marks recessionary territory. That reading…
The Schwab U.S. Dividend Equity ETF (NYSEARCA:SCHD) has become the default holding for income-minded investors who want a low-cost basket…"
49,2026-06-19,"
Sign up with your email below to instantly access member features, newsletters and exclusive Insider perks


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest in phones
News, deals, reviews, guides and more…
Latest in computing
News, deals, reviews, guides and more on the newest computing gadgets

Start exploring exclusive deals, expert advice and more


Member Rewards


Unlock and manage exclusive Techradar member rewards.

Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed!
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
Artificial Intelligence has become a defining factor in the Managed Service Provider market

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Artificial Intelligence (AI) has become a defining factor in the Managed Service Provider (MSP) market - not only as the service clients want most, but as an operational enabler that MSPs can harness to scale teams, protect margins and deliver better service.
Amongst a backdrop of fiercer competition, smaller deals and a widening talent gap, AI-driven efficiency gains will become essential to ensuring sustained growth.
Executive Vice President of Channel at Kaseya.
Recent statistics show that the MSP environment is increasingly defined by tighter deal sizes, cautious buyers and rising delivery cost. Growth hasn’t disappeared altogether, but it is harder to earn.
Not only does securing new business in a crowded market require clearer differentiation. Many MSPs also find that they are continuously having to prove their value to clients, facing dual pressure to maintain high performance levels while operating more efficiently at the same time.
Here are the five key trends currently shaping the market – and how MSPs can adapt:
MSPs need consistent client acquisition to drive revenue. Otherwise, growth slows, revenue shrinks and planning becomes unreliable. However, data shows that winning new customers is getting harder.
Most new clients are switching from another provider rather than buying first-time. This means more providers are competing for the same accounts, with buyers expecting clear proof of value before signing on the dotted line.
Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed!
When clients have more choices and are more selective, standing out requires more than marketing claims. MSPs should expect their prospects to put heightened scrutiny on pricing, service scope and proven results and be prepared to answer difficult questions.
Those who can demonstrate how their services reduce business risks, improve uptime or increase operational efficiency will be in a stronger position to win new business.
Additionally, structured, profitable and scalable service models will be key to converting demand into revenue.
Not only are deals currently harder to close, deal sizes are also declining. As organizations reduce IT budgets, many MSPs are finding that clients will only commit to smaller contracts. Large annual contracts are becoming less common, impacting average monthly recurring revenue across the channel. Taken together, these factors are limiting revenue growth and expansion opportunities for MSPs.
Many are finding that they have to build revenue growth in smaller increments rather than huge account wins. However, data also shows that growth in the market is somewhat uneven: While some MSPs operate with little or no margin, others are experiencing the opposite.
Cost pressure is a recurring theme. Rising labor, tool and IT infrastructure costs are directly constraining growth. Those still posting strong margins have found ways of absorbing higher costs and are managing to weather the storm, with performance in the top margin tiers remaining steady.
Talent constraints create additional operational challenges as MSPs are facing difficulties hiring technicians or increasing their workforce to support expanding service portfolios. Often, routine tasks continue to consume large portions of technician capacity.
MSPs should harness automation and AI to reclaim this valuable time. Many are already applying these technologies in high-volume workloads including monitoring, ticketing and alert management, but only a minority so far has achieved broad automation. Moreover, only few have extended AI use to outward growth initiatives such as sales, marketing and client onboarding.
Expanding automation across more areas will reduce manual effort, improve consistency and productivity and allow MSPs to scale operations without increasing staffing at the same pace.
Looking at where future growth is coming from, AI and automation are emerging as the biggest opportunities. Both have become top client needs ahead of security and backups. Many customers now prioritize AI-driven capabilities over more traditional services.
This creates new opportunities as well as new pressures. MSPs that can turn AI and automation into clear, outcome-focused services will be better placed to stand out in competitive bids and meet evolving client expectations.
However, with providers still working on defining, packaging and pricing their AI related services, it will be some time before AI and automation become meaningful revenue streams. Those that move early to formalize offerings – for example, by packaging AI as a defined service (AIaaS) and showing clear, measurable outcomes from automated workflows – will have a head start in capturing client demand and securing a larger share of the market.
Cybersecurity and backup services continue to deliver reliable core revenue for MSPs. Clients rely heavily on MSPs for these areas, and for many providers, security represents a key source of income, second only to endpoint and network management.
This is not just driven by growing general security awareness, but also by the ongoing threat and attack levels. With MSPs providing the primary source of cybersecurity advice for their clients, demand is likely to remain high.
Cybersecurity also offers important opportunities for revenue expansion, followed by business continuity and disaster recovery (BCDR). As clients seek to boost their protection against cyber threats, they also invest more in data recovery to improve their resilience against cyber incidents.
To meet client expectations and make the most of the opportunities available, MSPs should treat and market security as a core offering. Providers that strengthen their security capabilities and closely integrate them into their service packages will find it easier to retain and win new business.
This means going beyond basic protection tools such as anti-malware, firewall and network security. Advanced threat protection is essential, while endpoint detection and response (EDR) should be a foundational part of every security stack.
Consolidating security, monitoring and backup tools where possible can remove unnecessary overhead, simplify operations and allow technicians more time to focus on other tasks. AI has an important role to play in this too, delivering smart security insights and automating actions.
As the market evolves further, MSPs will have to work smarter to convert demand into sustained revenue and growth. The providers that will lead in the next cycle are not simply those that add more services. They will be the ones that simplify their stacks, automate intelligently and package emerging capabilities like AI into measurable outcomes.
We feature the best ITSM tools.
This article was produced as part of TechRadar Pro Perspectives, our channel to feature the best and brightest minds in the technology industry today.
The views expressed here are those of the author and are not necessarily those of TechRadarPro or Future plc. If you are interested in contributing find out more here: https://www.techradar.com/pro/perspectives-how-to-submit
Executive Vice President of Channel at Kaseya.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

TechRadar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
50,2026-06-19,"Money market rates have risen as banking system liquidity dropped to its lowest this fiscal year. Advanced tax outflows caused this liquidity fall. Economists expect liquidity to improve in the second quarter due to RBI measures. The RBI is currently providing temporary liquidity support through Variable Rate Repo operations.
Listen to this article in summarized format
Unlock AI Briefing and Premium Content

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

What will the NSE IPO price be? Unlisted market deals offer clues.
She made baking an INR2k crore biz. Now comes the real heat.
Market darling to drawdown: Why momentum stocks are losing steam
Can targeted reforms at home save India from external shocks?
Auditor red flagged Gymkhana land issue long before govt action
Time for long-term investors to look at them again? 9 NBFC stocks with upside potential of up to 22%
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Definitions
Top Slideshow
Most Searched IFSC Codes
Top Performing MF
Top Prime Articles
Top Story Listing
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime








What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
51,2026-06-19,"""We want to manage expectations as much as we can.""
The Steam Controller officially launched just a couple of weeks ago on 4th May, but - outside of scalpers - you'd be hard pressed to find it in stock. Since the controller can only be purchased directly through Steam, it has created a bit of a bottleneck for Valve, and the company has now been forced to alter its reservation estimates in response to high demand.
Just three days after the Steam Controller went on sale, Valve implemented a reservations system that would place interested customers in a queue. For the last few weeks, they've been notified each time the controller comes back in stock, and it's their turn in line. But Valve has now admitted demand for the peripheral has exceeded its expectations.
In a new blog post, Valve explained that while its reservation queue helped put customers at ease, it has now realised it simply won't be able to make Steam Controllers quickly enough to satisfy demand.
""We have no plans to stop making Steam Controllers,"" it wrote. ""But as we look at the current demand compared to how many we know we can make by the end of the year, we want to manage expectations as much as we can with regards to when folks can expect to receive their order.""
To that end, the Steam Controller page will now give players a time frame as to when they can expect to receive their order email, which is itself based on when the reservation was made. As it stands, you'll see one of three estimated windows: 'By September 2026', 'By December 2026', or 'In 2027'. If you've already made your reservation, the page will now show one of these three order windows.
The bad news is that, if you haven't reserved yours yet, you're not likely to get a controller this year. According to Valve, the current estimate for orders placed today and going forward will likely land you in the 2027 window. These estimates will be updated the closer we get to each window, which is some consolation.
It's easy to see why the Steam Controller, which costs £85/$99, has been popular. It emulates the experience of using a Steam Deck, essentially turning any PC into one. It also eliminates the need for a mouse to navigate certain portions of the UI, while offering a comfortable controller for sofa gaming - solving two problems at once.
In our Steam Controller impressions, Matt Wales wrote that despite its many ergonomic and feature triumphs, it still remains a niche product. ""You'll probably already know if there's room in your gaming set-up for Valve's latest effort, and if that's you, it's a rock-solid upgrade,"" he wrote. ""But for everyone else, at £85, it's unlikely to be the best choice compared to traditional controllers.""
© 2026 Eurogamer.net  a brand of IGN Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved. 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission. Eurogamer is a registered trademark of Gamer Network Limited."
52,2026-06-19,"Wasatch Global Investors, an asset management company, released its “Micro Cap Fund” Q1 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. Th..."
53,2026-06-19,"ByMark Faithfull,
Contributor.
Hollister is launching its first home and dorm collection, ""The Hollister Collection at Target,"" on June 28. This collaboration, featuring nearly 60 products from bedding to décor, marks a significant expansion beyond apparel for the Abercrombie & Fitch-owned brand. Hollister aims to capitalize on the booming back-to-college market and evolve into a lifestyle brand, leveraging its strong growth as A&F's primary revenue engine. For Target, the partnership attracts Gen Z shoppers, strengthens its home category, and offers exclusive products. Both companies envision a long-term venture with future seasonal drops, aiming to introduce Hollister to new customers and deepen engagement with existing ones.
Hollister is taking its biggest step yet beyond apparel, teaming up with Target on a new home and dorm collection as the Abercrombie & Fitch-owned brand looks to capitalize on the fast-growing back-to-college living market.
The collaboration, dubbed The Hollister Collection at Target, launches June 28 online, in most Target stores and at select Hollister locations. The first drop includes nearly 60 products spanning bedding, décor, sleepwear and loungewear, marking Hollister’s first-ever move into home furnishings.
For Hollister, the move represents a significant evolution of a brand that has become the primary growth engine within Abercrombie & Fitch Co. While Abercrombie’s eponymous brand has cooled after a remarkable post-pandemic resurgence, Hollister continues to outperform. The teen-focused retailer generated approximately $2.74 billion in sales during fiscal 2025, up nearly 15% year-over-year and accounting for more than half of parent company revenue.
That momentum has given management confidence to explore new categories.
“Shopping for a college dorm room or bedroom is an exciting milestone in our customers’ lives and we’re thrilled to bring Hollister to that experience,” said CEO Fran Horowitz at the announcement. “As we expand beyond apparel to meet their evolving lifestyle needs, partnering with Target was a natural fit.”
Back-to-college shopping remains one of retail’s largest seasonal opportunities, with spending on dorm and apartment furnishings now representing one of the fastest-growing categories within the broader market. Students increasingly view their rooms as an extension of their personal identity, creating demand for coordinated bedding, décor and lifestyle products that complement the brands they already wear.
Target has spent years building authority in this space. The retailer's home business has become one of its key traffic drivers, supported by exclusive brands and limited-edition collaborations that help differentiate it from rivals such as Walmart.
While Target continues to navigate uneven consumer spending, the company reported $30.5 billion in fourth-quarter sales and is forecasting a return to growth this year after a challenging period for discretionary retail categories. Executives have highlighted improving trends in home merchandise alongside growth in higher-frequency categories such as food, beauty and essentials.
And for Target, the Hollister partnership also represents another attempt to bring younger consumers into its stores and digital ecosystem.
The retailer has long relied on collaborations with fashion and lifestyle brands to generate buzz, from designer collections to partnerships with brands such as Champion and Kendra Scott. The addition of Hollister gives Target access to one of the strongest-performing Gen Z brands in American retail.
“We’re thrilled to partner with Hollister to bring guests a first-of-its-kind home collection that reflects our continued focus on delivering fresh, distinctive products,” said Mara Sirhal, Target’s senior vice president of home merchandising. “Combining the brand’s signature laid-back style with Target’s authority in stylish, affordable and accessible home and dorm design, this collection brings a new perspective on home and dorm style.”
Hollister executives say the partnership is designed to introduce the brand to consumers who may not currently shop its stores while encouraging existing customers to spend more across a wider assortment.
“With Target’s brick-and-mortar presence, we should be able to expose the Hollister brand to people who aren’t shopping with us today,” said Corey Robinson, chief product officer for Abercrombie & Fitch Co. “And then with those customers who love us so much today, to be able to be an even bigger part of their lives is something we’re looking forward to.”
Importantly, the launch is not intended as a short-term promotion. The companies have already committed to additional seasonal drops through the holiday season and spring 2027, signaling ambitions for a longer-term platform rather than a limited capsule collection.
“Moving beyond just bedding and thinking about blankets, wearable blankets, plush, that’s how we will evolve the partnership,” Robinson said. “With our target age, dorm is top of mind. From a seasonality perspective, there’s a lot of ways you can refresh your dorm, and decorate with newness based on seasonality.”
Whether the collaboration becomes a meaningful revenue driver remains to be seen. Yet it arrives at a moment when both companies need new growth levers.
For Hollister, it offers an opportunity to evolve into a true lifestyle brand. For Target, it provides another exclusive proposition aimed squarely at Gen Z shoppers preparing for college."
54,2026-06-19,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Giveaways
Sign Up / Log In
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal."
55,2026-06-19,"ImmunityBio, Inc. (NASDAQ:IBRX) was among the stocks on which Jim Cramer commented, as he emphasized that SpaceX investors are betting on Elon Musk rather th..."
56,2026-06-19,"
Sign up with your email below to instantly access member features, newsletters and exclusive Insider perks


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest in phones
News, deals, reviews, guides and more…
Latest in computing
News, deals, reviews, guides and more on the newest computing gadgets

Start exploring exclusive deals, expert advice and more


Member Rewards


Unlock and manage exclusive Techradar member rewards.

Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
Small but hugely fun to drive, this is Honda at its best

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Honda’s history with electrification has been up-and-down, to say the very least. The Japanese brand has been developing EVs since the early 1990s and has been a pioneering force behind hybrid technology, but it has been rapidly overtaken by myriad rivals in the interim.
Its 2020 Honda e was met with huge critical acclaim and was actually one of my favorite cars of the era, but it was too expensive and the electric range was poor. You could argue it was ahead of its time.
But then, in a very un-Honda move, it introduced the distinctly middling e:Ny1 that, while slightly more palatable in terms of pricing and range, failed to make waves with its vanilla styling, forgettable drive and aging in-car tech.
 



The promise of a cutting-edge 0 Series was subsequently postponed due to mounting global pressures and supposedly declining EV demand. Even its long-winded collaboration with Sony on the Afeela project was unceremoniously brought to an abrupt end earlier this year. Honda is yet to realize its electric dreams.
However, you could argue that one tiny car has been carrying the weight of expectation on its diminutive shoulders, and that’s the Honda Super-N.
For the first time in the Japanese marque’s history, it has decided to introduce the enormously popular Kei car category to markets outside its home turf.
The Kei category, which roughly translates to ‘light’ from Japanese, accounts for around 30% of new vehicle sales in its home market. Its popularity is due to the fact that the strict size and weight regulations governing the sector allow those in densely populated areas to own a car.
Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
 



In much of Japan, if you can’t prove that you have a dedicated parking space for your car, you're simply not allowed to own one. Enter the Kei car.
While the Super-N is marginally too large to be legally classified as a true Kei, it borrows much of its underpinnings from a car that is, with the small but perfectly formed Super-N aiming to prove that “small electric cars can be genuinely fun”, as project leader Hidetomo Horita puts it.
To keep costs down, the Super-N will be limited to right-hand-drive markets (as it is in Japan), meaning the UK is one of those fortunate spots in Europe that will be able to enjoy the deliberately pumped-up styling and rascal handling.
 



Gone is the small petrol engine that sits in the rest of Honda’s Kei-car N range and, in its place, is a 29.6kWh battery pack and a 94bhp electric motor that drives the positively tiny 15-inch front wheels.
On paper, the Honda N isn’t particularly impressive. It takes a good 10 seconds to reach 62mph from a standstill and the top speed is pegged at a measly 83mph.
It’s also not exactly a road-trip tool, as its all-electric range is around 128 miles if you’re careful and maximum charging rates are 50kW, meaning it takes around 30 minutes to complete a 10-80% charging session.
There are concerning echoes of the Honda e here but this is a vehicle that will cost less than £19,000 (around $25,000 / AU$36,000) in the UK... not nearly £30,000 (around $40,000/AU$56,500) like its forebear.
 



It's also missing the point, because Honda has engineered the Super-N to be an unadulterated joy to drive and a tool for traversing towns.
“We took inspiration from the City Turbo II model of the 1980s,” Horita explains.
The car, which was a muscular, wide-bodied city slicker of the electro-pop era, featured a turbocharged 1.2-liter petrol engine and used a special processor to reduce turbo lag.
Performance figures are largely similar and the Super-N shares the same characteristics as the so-called 'Bulldog', with a surprisingly firm ride that has clearly been engineered for handling prowess rather than comfort.
Press a big purple button on the steering wheel labelled 'Boost' and the full 70kW — or 94bhp — is unleashed, often proving enough to spin up the front wheels and generally allow the Super-N to attack country roads with old-school, hot-hatch gusto.
 



There is a special place in my heart for Honda, simply because it is a company that serially over-engineers its products. Google the Honda FC50's V-TACS system for a good example.
The Super-N is no different and, despite costing a mere £18,995 in the UK (or around £199 a month on finance), it almost over-delivers on the tech front.
In Boost mode, there’s a synthesized engine note pumped through the excellent eight-speaker Bose sound system.
But, in true Honda style, the engineers have ensured the engine noise is predominantly played through the front speakers, while an exhaust note (modeled on an Integra Type R, no less) is played through the rear speakers for a more realistic finish.
 



There are several levels of regenerative braking, including a one-pedal driving function, which are accessed via paddle shifters on the steering wheel. In sportier driving modes, these become gear shifters, allowing the driver to cycle through virtual cogs.
Hold the left paddle down for three seconds and the car enters a fully manual mode, with the technology even hitting a virtual rev limiter, much like the system in the far more expensive Hyundai Ioniq 5 N.
Arguably, the Super-N doesn’t need all of this additional gimmickry because the drive is engaging enough as it is, but it's neat to have it.
It’s not particularly fast or powerful, but the 1,097kg weight, well-judged steering and firm suspension are perfect for delivering big grins on the right roads.
I'd hazard a guess that most owners will leave it in Boost mode all the time and put up with the front tire bills.

All four doors on the Super-N open at a 45-degree angle to the bodywork, resulting in a massive aperture through which to load yourself, friends or children into the interior.
Front passengers, naturally, almost rub shoulders due to the tiny proportions, but it’s perfectly capable of carrying four adults — or even five at a push.
Better still, Honda’s Magic Seats are included, which either fold completely flat or fold upright with the pull of a lever to create all manner of space-saving configurations for transporting bulkier loads.
Granted, the interior is built to a price and most of the plastics feel particularly cheap and scratchy, but the infotainment system is easy to use and offers Apple CarPlay and Android Auto as standard.
One of my biggest gripes is the lack of space for a smartphone, as all of the cubbyholes Honda provides are too small. Buy a Super-N and you’ll probably need to buy a smartphone cradle as well.
 



However, in a pleasing twist, the Super-N has been homologated for the UK and therefore doesn’t have to adhere to a number of annoying European safety standards.
It means the speed-limit alert comes in the form of a subtle flashing logo rather than an incessant bonging noise, while the lane-keep assist is one of the least intrusive systems I have ever tried.
It all works exactly as it should, without interrupting the drive or forcing the driver to rummage through digital menus to turn everything off — something premium players like Volvo, BMW and Mercedes-Benz could easily learn from.
According to Honda UK’s Andrew Winfield, there has been a significant uplift in sales of compact A-segment EVs, with the likes of Dacia's Spring, the Fiat 500e, the BYD Dolphin Surf and the larger Renault 5 contributing to a 300% year-on-year increase in sales volume from 2025 to 2026.
The Japanese brand is hopeful the Super-N can introduce another affordable, practical and fun electric city car to the segment, which will soon also host the Renault Twingo, but one that offers genuine driving thrills and a small reminder that Honda is still capable of automotive magic.
 



Follow TechRadar on Google News and add us as a preferred source to get our expert news, reviews, and opinion in your feeds. Make sure to click the Follow button!
And of course you can also follow TechRadar on TikTok for news, reviews, unboxings in video form, and get regular updates from us on WhatsApp too.
Leon has been navigating a world where automotive and tech collide for almost 20 years, reporting on everything from in-car entertainment to robotised manufacturing plants. Currently, EVs are the focus of his attentions, but give it a few years and it will be electric vertical take-off and landing craft. Outside of work hours, he can be found tinkering with distinctly analogue motorcycles, because electric motors are no replacement for an old Honda inline four.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

TechRadar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
57,2026-06-19,"Wilsons Blog
(this is part of a series of posts, the link to the next one is at the bottom of the page)
There is a room in Stockholm where a bunch of kids I know hang out. It is a Sverok lokal, which is to say a little clubhouse for a gaming association, and it is exactly the unglamorous kind of good you would hope it is. Kids who do not have anywhere else to be go there. They play games, they argue about games, they sit around being teenagers together in a warm room that is not their bedroom and is not a shop that expects them to keep buying things. Some of them would be pretty lonely without it. It is, by any reasonable measure, a small and real social good.
I want to start with the fact that it works, because the rest of this post is about a problem, and I do not want you to come away thinking the situation is hopeless. It is not. We know how to make rooms like this. We have made one. The kids are ok, at least those that find this kind of resource.
Why does it exist?
It exists because it gets a grant. Public money for associations, what in Sweden we call föreningsbidrag, in this case handed out by MUCF, the agency for youth and civil-society affairs, through a system that was set up to fund youth organisations. Someone, at some point, decided that gaming clubs count, so a trickle of money flows to a federation, and some of that becomes rent on a room. That is the whole reason. Take the grant away and, almost certainly, no room.
And here is the bit that bugs me. The market was never going to build that room. Not because the market is evil, but because there is genuinely no money in it. You cannot sell “a place for lonely teenagers to feel less lonely.” The value is real, but it spills out sideways, onto the kids and their parents and the neighbourhood, and nobody can put it on an invoice. Economists call this a positive externality, which is a fancy way of saying a good thing that happens as a side effect, that the person doing it cannot charge anyone for. The dumb version is: the room makes the world a little better and makes precisely zero kronor, so left to its own devices, the economy does not build it.
So the room only exists because someone reached in by hand and paid for it directly. Can we teach the economy to see the value there naturally, without needing a planning committee? Hold that thought. I think it is most of the answer, but I want to show you the size of the problem first.
That Sverok lokal is an increasingly rare kind of thing. The general version has a name, the third place1, the spot that is neither home (the first place) nor work (the second place). The café, the pub, the library, the club, the church hall, the union that was also just somewhere to be. We have fewer of them than we used to2, and the ones that are left either don’t have many visitors or want you spending money the entire time you are in them.
But it is not only rooms. Look around and you notice a whole category of things quietly going missing, and they have a suspicious amount in common.
Nobody visits grandma. Partly because grandma is three hundred kilometres away, since everyone moved for work, or partly because grandma herself maybe is still working. Kids end up in front of a screen in the afternoon, because both parents have to be at a job and a tablet is a cheap stand-in for a present adult. The neighbour you used to know. The club someone used to run. The friend you used to see every week. People report fewer close friends than they used to, to the point that actual public health officials now say “loneliness epidemic” with a straight face3.
Now, I want to be careful here, because this is the part where it would be very easy to start waving my arms around. Every single one of these has many causes. Suburbs and cars. Television, and then phones. A long list of things that have nothing to do with me at all. I am not going to claim I have found the one secret root of loneliness, and you should be suspicious of anyone who does. We cannot cleanly untangle these. That is just honestly true.
What I will say is narrower, and I think it holds up: these all rhyme. And the thing they rhyme on is that they are all unpaid. Visiting grandma, raising your own kid, running the club, being a decent neighbour, keeping a friendship alive. None of it pays. All of it takes time. And I think one of the reasons we have less of it is the same boring reason I keep banging on about on this blog, which is labor pressure.
For almost all of us, a wage is the only way we get a claim on the things the world produces. That is what a salary really is. Not a reward for effort, but the one socially accepted ticket to food and shelter. Economists call this the distribution function of the wage. I just think of it as the only pipe through which stuff reaches you. And because it is the only pipe, you have to feed it. You sell your hours to a job, because the job pays, even in the cases where the genuinely better use of your time is something that does not pay. The afternoon with your kid. The Tuesday running the club. The trip to see grandma.
So you take the shift. And the economy looks at you taking the shift and concludes, smugly, that the shift must have been the most valuable thing you could possibly have been doing, because look, you chose it. Except you did not really choose it. You chose between the shift and not making rent. The room full of kids, the present parent, the visited grandparent, all of it lost a contest it was never actually allowed to enter.
The economy never sits up and goes “hang on, who is going to run the room?” It has no way to say that. It just quietly fails to fund the room, fills your afternoon with a job of marginal value, and moves on. If it could talk, the most it would ever manage, years later when maybe you’ve gotten away from a subsistence wage, is a sheepish “oh, yeah, that probably was not worth it.” And by then the afternoon is gone. You do not get the afternoon back.
This is the same idea as what I have called make-work, just pointed at your living room instead of at the office. It is the economy spending a genuinely scarce thing, human time, on output worth less than the time, and not even noticing, because all the price signals look fine.
I need to put a fence here, because “people have less time for family and community” is a sentence that some people love to finish in an ugly way.
This is not me saying the past was lovely and we should go back. It is not a call for mum to quit her job, or for grandma to be conscripted into unpaid childcare, or for any particular person to go back to any particular kitchen. That is the opposite of the point. The point is that people have quietly been stripped of the option to do the unpaid thing, because the unpaid thing does not pay rent and rent is not optional. The problem is not that someone is shirking their duty. The problem is that we built an economy where the loving, useful, unpaid choice is a luxury most people simply cannot afford.
So the fix is not to push anyone anywhere. The fix is to make the unpaid choice affordable, for whoever wants it, whoever they happen to be. Give people enough room to choose grandma, or the club, or the kid, without the alternative being “or starve.”
So how do you actually get rooms full of kids? There are basically three settings.
One: leave it to the market. As established, you get no room. The market cannot see things it cannot sell, and a room full of happy teenagers is invisible to it. This is the default, and the default is bad.
Two: pay for it by hand. This is what Sweden does, and it is genuinely much better than nothing. The state notices a gap and plugs it directly with a grant. It is the improvised second pipe, the patchwork of grants and transfers we have bolted on, one programme at a time, to do the distributing that wages no longer manage on their own. It works. Our lokal is proof it works. But it is a patch. Someone on a committee has to keep choosing to fund it, every single year. And it only ever reaches the goods that somebody specifically thought to pay for. Nobody ever wrote a grant for “being a good neighbour,” so that one just stays broken.
Three: teach the economy to do it on its own. This is the one I actually want. Instead of the state hand-picking which good rooms deserve a cheque, you change the rule underneath, so that the people who would run the rooms can simply afford to. You do that by fixing the pipe. A basic floor of income that everyone gets, funded in a careful way I am not going to relitigate here (see the next post in this series for that), means the person who wants to spend their Tuesdays running the club is not forced to spend them on a marginal shift instead. The whole point is to stop the price system being blind to value that does not happen to arrive in the shape of a wage.
I am not going to pretend a basic income magically conjures gaming clubs out of thin air. It does not. Somebody still has to start the club, find the room, do all the boring organising. A floor does not do any of that for you. Targeting and universality each do something the other cannot. A grant can deliberately build one specific thing. A floor can quietly make a thousand unspecified things possible, without anyone having to choose them in advance.
So I am not even saying we should scrap the grants. The floor goes on top of what we already have (again, it is not difficult to fund, you just have to do it carefully! Check out the next post). Keep föreningsbidrag. Keep funding the lokal. All I am saying is that right now, a room full of kids gets to exist only because a committee remembered to fund it (sounds like a planned economy eh?), and that is a silly and fragile way to run a civilisation. We managed to build one room almost by accident. The goal is an economy where rooms like it are the normal outcome.
We have a room in Stockholm because, more or less by happenstance, someone funded a social good almost directly. That is genuinely wonderful, and it is not enough.
We need to teach the economy how to do that on purpose.
The next part of this series looks at Sub-subsistence work as well, and introduces the solution. The post is here.

"
58,2026-06-19,"Nothing’s CMF Phone series has released two models thus far and, at least for now, won’t be getting a third, as the rising cost of materials has essentially left the series dead in the water.
The CMF Phone series has been building budget-focused smartphones that, as we’ve noted in our hands-on coverage, have been very good values.
But, as has been clear, the rising costs of components, especially RAM, is impacting budget devices more than anything else. And, as a result, the CMF Phone is dead, at least for this year.
Nothing co-founder and the man behind the CMF Phone series, Akis Evangelidis, confirmed on Twitter/X that the next CMF Phone release has been canceled, explaining in part:
We were working on a successor but with memory prices where they are right now, we can’t build a phone that feels like a genuine step forward at a price that makes sense for CMF. As a result, we’ve decided not to launch a new CMF phone this year.
In a later reply, he adds that launching a device with the exact same specs as CMF Phone 2 Pro would cost around 50% more in today’s market. The CMF Phone 2 Pro has been out of stock for quite some time, presumably due to the inflated cost of materials.
This comes just days after Nothing CEO Carl Pei explained that RAM, memory, is now the single most expensive component in a smartphone build – that might vary depending on the device, but it’s still noteworthy as Pei says it outprices the processor, display, and can account for “more than 50% of the total hardware bill.”
Seeing as there’s no end in sight to RAMageddon, it seems unlikely that the CMF Phone will make a comeback anytime soon.
Follow Ben: Twitter/X, Threads, Bluesky, and Instagram
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Google on YouTube for more news:
Ben is a Senior Editor for 9to5Google.
Find him on Twitter @NexusBen. Send tips to schoon@9to5g.com or encrypted to benschoon@protonmail.com."
59,2026-06-19,"Whenever a company makes layoffs, the announcements tend to be corporate-speak at their most sanitized—bloodless at best. The language is heavily vetted for legal and reputational risk to make sure they’re legally ironclad and purposefully anodyne. Or at least that was what this grim tradition looked like in the era before executives began discussing AI-induced workforce cuts.
On May 19, Bill Winters, a chief executive at Standard Chartered Group, told a roomful of investors that AI is replacing “lower-value human capital” at the firm, which announced cuts of 15 percent by 2030. These layoffs weren’t a cost-cutting initiative: Standard Chartered hit its 2026 medium-term financial goals a year ahead of schedule. This move was just a pure replacement of human talent for its AI equivalent.
Winters later apologized for the remarks on LinkedIn, which he said “caused upset to some colleagues.”
Weeks after Winters’ comments, WiseTech Global co-founder Richard White told a conference crowd that “it doesn’t take much effort to convince people … that they’re stupid to be paying $100 for labor when you can pay $2 for the AI.” Its CEO, Zubin Appoo, received a “hand-written threat of violence” containing his personal information and comments about his family.
The reaction was outsize and incendiary—all the same, CEO language on AI and layoffs seems to be purposely brutal. The performative brashness on display is not an accident; it serves two aims. First, it signals to Wall Street that these companies are serious about AI, which in turn boosts shareholder value. Next, it broadcasts to peers that they’re willing to talk tough on layoffs, as well. It also communicates something more insidious: With workers having less bargaining power than they’ve had in a generation, this language demonstrates just how far removed executives are from their employees. 
“The tech sector, which is currently flush with investment and capital, is the ultimate example of this taken to the extremes,” said Dennis Tourish, a professor of leadership and organization studies at the University of Sussex. “With all of the money flowing into AI companies in particular at the moment, they are acquiring more and more power.”
The more severe these layoff proclamations are, the more investors notice. Cisco’s stock price jumped 13 percent after it announced 4,000 job cuts, which were “not a savings-driven restructure,” according to CFO Mark Patterson. Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong announced plans to lay off 14 percent of its staff on X, citing the “need to return to the speed and focus of our startup founding, with AI at our core.” The company’s stock price rose 4 percent during premarket trading. AI giants Anthropic and OpenAI, whose CEOs forecast double-digit unemployment and that entire job categories will be “totally, totally gone,” are both racing toward IPOs.
CEOs making bold statements that drive markets—and alienate employees and the general public—may have behavioral roots that come with the role. 
Robert Sutton, a professor of management science at Stanford University, refers to this as the “toxic tandem”: Executives stop paying attention to those below them in favor of tracking the company’s stock price. Executives eventually only look upward, be it to please their boards or to shape market movements. 
“People look up the hierarchy rather than down the hierarchy,” Sutton says. “That’s what baboons do, too.”
The primate dominance metaphor is apt. CEOs are often in conversation through these statements, often as a form of competition. 
Executives across industries don’t just look up the hierarchy, they may also parrot what their peers do. “You can never underestimate the extent to which corporate behavior is imitative,” says Tourish. “Laying people off then becomes a fad—a craze.”
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk made major cuts at X in 2023, saying the company had “a lot of people that didn’t seem to have a lot of value.” Musk challenged other companies to do the same, asserting that significant cuts wouldn’t negatively impact productivity. Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg made 21,000 cuts the same year. Salesforce head Mark Benioff went from being skeptical of AI layoffs in 2025 to cutting 4,000 customer support roles six weeks later. He slashed another 1,000 employees in March 2026.
Cloudflare CEO Matthew Prince outlined which category of workers he’d made “obsolete” in a Wall Street Journal op-ed. Block CEO Jack Dorsey cut the company’s workforce nearly in half while bragging that AI was enabling “a fundamentally new way of working.” Mark Zuckerberg parked his $300 million mega-yacht (and two support ships) in Seattle on the same day Meta cut 1,400 employees earlier this month.
The loudest Silicon Valley voices come from a culture that has long rewarded the perpetuation of cruelty. Former Apple CEO Steve Jobs was known for being mercurial—and for being often imitated by his peers. Zuckerberg considered him “a mentor and a friend.” Musk called him “an incredible guy” with “a certain magic about him.” That “magic” may have been admired by Big Tech’s ruling elites, but it didn’t benefit those beneath Jobs on the org chart very much. 
“Steve Jobs was one of the most gifted people I’ve ever seen in terms of building and designing products. He was also one of the biggest assholes I’ve ever seen in how he treated people,” says Sutton. Apple’s shareholder returns also averaged 33.6 percent per year during his tenure.
The language of “hard choices” and “difficult decisions” doesn’t convey enough strength anymore. Only aggression does that. But this posturing among CEOs comes at a cost, be it from employee burnout—or threats against their safety. 
“When you treat people badly and they either get free from you, they feel shat upon by you, or you lose power—you lose power very quickly,” Sutton says. “They shove you down because they’re lying in wait.”
Brian T. O’Connor is  a labor, workplace, and politics writer with clips at Fast Company, BBC, TIME, and The New Republic. He is a former deputy editor for Foreign Affairs."
60,2026-06-19,"Accenture's recent earnings reveal a sharp decline in new bookings and a reduced guidance, sparking concerns about AI's impact on the IT services industry. While AI isn't officially blamed, the significant drop in orders suggests a deflationary effect. However, Indian IT firms are expected to remain resilient due to different geographical exposure and operational strengths.
Listen to this article in summarized format
Unlock AI Briefing and Premium Content
He expects concerns around AI replacing traditional IT services to fade over time.

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

What will the NSE IPO price be? Unlisted market deals offer clues.
She made baking an INR2k crore biz. Now comes the real heat.
Market darling to drawdown: Why momentum stocks are losing steam
Can targeted reforms at home save India from external shocks?
Auditor red flagged Gymkhana land issue long before govt action
Time for long-term investors to look at them again? 9 NBFC stocks with upside potential of up to 22%
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Definitions
Top Slideshow
Most Searched IFSC Codes
Top Performing MF
Top Prime Articles
Top Story Listing
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime








What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
61,2026-06-19,"Just six weeks after OpenAI’s ads manager was made widely available in the U.S., the AI company has now expanded the product to the U.K., in beta.
The move makes the U.K. the fifth market with access to the self-serve platform, joining the U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand. The mechanics are the same as they are in the U.S., with general availability for advertisers in approved categories whose ads pass policy review.  Despite the U.K. only being added to the pilot six weeks ago, alongside Brazil, Japan, South Korea and Mexico, advertisers can now register, add payment information, set budgets, bids and pacing, upload ads, launch and manage campaigns, and view performance in the portal. 
Enabling self-serve in the U.K. will rapidly expand OpenAI’s advertising demand, but ramping up supply to match growth will be more of a challenge given its more restrictive regulatory environment, according to Claire Holubowskyj, senior research analyst at Enders Analysis. 
“This should reinforce pricing in the near term, though ultimately performance will depend on the trust it can establish in its product and attribution,” she said. “Following the same roadmap as the U.S. highlights that their current priority remains building infrastructure scale first, leaving the trickier questions over model and format for later.”
In addition, U.K. advertisers now already have access to cost-per-click (CPC) buying, in addition to the CPM-based model that has been available since launch. And OpenAI’s blog post states it expects to “support more ways for advertisers to bid and optimize for the outcomes they care about most.”
It’s no surprise that OpenAI chose to expand the ads manager and more functionality to the U.K. so quickly. Adthena’s CMO Ashley Fletcher previously told Digiday that demand for ChatGPT ads from his U.K. clients was already high. A self-serve platform helps OpenAI meet that demand without having to scale its sales and support teams at the same pace, while also opening the door to smaller advertisers that may have previously been priced out of managed-service relationships.
For now, the U.S. remains the most developed market in the ChatGPT ads pilot, which has expanded rapidly over the past four months. What initially started with a single CPM buying option has since expanded to include CPC, and cost-per-action (CPA) — all of which are available in the self-serve ads manager.
The timing is also notable. 
The U.K. expansion, and addition of CPC comes just days before Cannes Lions, where OpenAI’s global head of ads Dave Dugan is expected to meet with agencies, brands and adtech partners behind closed doors. With a broader geographic footprint, and additional buying functionality now in place, the company can now arrive at the industry’s biggest gathering in the French Riviera with a more mature offering to pitch.
A recent 19% lift in LTV points to brands focus on outcome-based media buying.
AI may be facing an ROI reckoning. Brands, agencies and tech vendors alike are starting to face harder questions about whether generative AI can deliver the meaningful business results it promises. The honeymoon phase, however, isn’t over yet. DUDE Wipes has AI tools across the company, reducing man hours in supply chain tasks — providing employees […]
Everyone focuses on beach activations, cabanas and A-listers. But there’s an entire infrastructure brands rely on to pull off the event.
Get access to tools and analysis to stay ahead of the trends transforming media and marketing
Visit your account page to make changes and renew.
Get Digiday's top stories every morning in your email inbox.
Follow @Digiday for the latest news, insider access to events and more."
62,2026-06-19,"From freelancer to multi-studio founder, Lewis Webber’s career is built on the idea that taste has to become a system — or it disappears.

Entrepreneurship 
Ready to become a GSAP expert? Access the world’s most comprehensive GSAP training with 300+ lessons. Enroll now →
Taste gets you started.
Refined through practice, it becomes craft. But sustaining craft at scale requires something else — taste has to become a system, or it gets buried. It has to live in how the studio is structured and in the decisions your team makes when you’re not in the room.
Over the last decade, my work shifted from designing interfaces and identities to designing the machines that produce them. Studios built for specific niches, each with its own operating logic and business model. Each one exists because a single structure can’t serve every creative problem at a consistent standard — and most studios that try to serve everyone end up serving no one particularly well.
I’m Lewis Webber — creative entrepreneur and creative director based between London, Belgrade and Bali, and part of the Awwwards jury. I started as a freelancer, built and evolved agencies over fifteen years, and today run multiple studios in very different creative environments, each calibrated for a specific purpose.
Fleava started as freelance work in 2010 and grew, over a decade, into a full-scale agency with presence in Bali, Jakarta and Singapore. For years, the work ran across industries without a clear through-line. That breadth had a cost — decision-making slowed and the work lost its edge trying to speak to everyone at once.
Then a niche started appearing — five-star resorts, marinas, high-end corporates — and they kept coming. One good project in a sector tends to surface others from it; reputation travels within industries faster than across them. The niche built itself, and committing to it eventually changed the internal logic of everything.
Luxury clients reward restraint and trust. The work has to feel timeless — and timelessness requires a level of detail most projects never reach. A brand system for a five-star resort or a major corporate group is more comprehensive by necessity: the guidelines have to hold across dozens of applications, from environmental graphics to staff-facing documents. That scope means more stakeholders in the room, and a more structured process to keep everyone aligned without losing coherence.
At Fleava, concepts are judged by how well they age. The team is larger and timelines longer because the work demands that depth. There’s no shortcut to the kind of trust luxury brands are built on, so the agency is built to handle that complexity without introducing noise — deliberate at every stage.
Website | Instagram
London-based, Stud operates at the other end.
Built for brands that want to move first — to define a cultural moment before the market has a name for what they’re doing — it runs on a different operating logic. Contemporary culture moves too fast for traditional agency models to track, and playing in that space means being willing to be first, or the most unexpected thing in the room.
The process is built on experimentation and risk. Trends are a starting point at best; Stud aims to set them. If a direction feels too safe or too derivative, it gets cut before it reaches a client. The market doesn’t reward work that looks like everything else, and the process is built to surface that problem early — through challenge rather than refinement.
The studio runs lean and fast. Getting there early — before the market has settled on what to think — is the practical advantage. The harder thing to build is instinct: knowing what’s just starting versus what’s already peaked, and trusting that enough to move. That develops from staying genuinely close to culture over time. It doesn’t transfer.
Website | Instagram
PX PUSH exists because of a specific gap.
Freedom Tech — decentralisation and open economic models — has grown into a movement in its own right, with teams that build in public, operate at speed, and carry a distinct set of values about ownership and access. Many products in this space are technically credible and creatively invisible. That gap is what PX PUSH was built to close.
The studio is based in Bulgaria and works with clients across the US and Europe. It runs in partnership with Art Director Johns Beharry, a board member of the Bitcoin Design Community — bringing complementary perspectives across design and execution. The subscription model matches the pace these teams operate at, and the niche is what keeps quality intact. Focusing specifically on Freedom Tech builds a deep understanding of the values and visual language that actually matter here — the work develops its own visual conventions rather than borrowing from adjacent spaces.
The aim is to bring world-class design standards into a sector actively shaping the future, on the sector’s own terms.
Website | Instagram
A shared standard of quality connects these studios, applied differently depending on the problem.
Each studio is shaped by its market’s specific constraints, and the structure follows from there. Most creative businesses struggle at the structural level — the system ends up working against the output it was built to produce. The model doesn’t fit the work, or it fits but gets applied too broadly. When a business is designed with intention, good decisions become the default and taste has somewhere to live.
Designing the machine means building the conditions for good work to happen consistently — and that, more than any individual output, is the real creative act.
I write about building and running agencies and studios — the decisions, the structure, what actually holds up over time. Read them at my website and follow on Instagram to keep up with what I’m putting out.
Website: wbbr.coInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/__wbbr/LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/lewiswebber/

Entrepreneurship 
16+ years building creative businesses and working with clients across every major market. Running multiple agencies and studios spanning branding, digital product, and web. Five years on the Awwwards jury. Based across London, Belgrade, and Bali.
Inside the journeys and portfolios of today's most inspiring designers and developers.
Discover how studios & agencies started, how they work, and what they've built.
Discover the ideas, design, and craft behind today’s most inspiring web experiences.
Level up your front-end skills with practical, step-by-step tutorials.

A growing showcase of Codrops originals and hand-picked demos from the creative web.
💎✨ Discover fresh gems in our handpicked exhibition of over 2,000 standout websites that caught our eye."
63,2026-06-19,"CD Projekt Red co-CEO Michał Nowakowski thinks the studio has yet to complete a ""full redemption arc"" after the ""heartbreaking"" launch of Cyberpunk 2077, but he's hoping it can win back some fans with The Witcher 4."
64,2026-06-19,
65,2026-06-19,"Press F to close
taoSTUDIO builds a bilingual packaging design for Lushang Chinese Tea where hill silhouettes and leaf forms merge into a single structural identity. The mark balances traditional Chinese aesthetics with modern and retro textures through careful adjustments to stroke details and visual weight. Each character carries the tension between written brush tradition and contemporary minimalism without losing legibility across both languages, making the logo equally readable in Chinese and English.
taoSTUDIO derives the Lushang logo from the organic silhouette of a tea leaf layered against the geometric profile of a mountain range. This dual reference appears in both the Chinese and English versions of the mark, where each stroke carries a deliberate thickness that echoes hand-painted brushwork. The studio applies a restrained color palette dominated by matte black, cream white, and earthy brown across the identity system, grounding the typography in natural references that avoid decorative excess. The bilingual alignment positions Lushang distinctly within the premium Chinese tea market while maintaining readability across every application from small labels to large signage. These typographic decisions create a mark that reads as both rooted in tradition and appropriate for contemporary retail shelves, bridging written language and visual form through shared structural principles rather than purely decorative devices.
The box structures use straight folds and exposed board edges that recall the clean lines of the logo stroke architecture. One frame shows a slim tea tin wrapped in a paper band that repeats the hill contour at a smaller scale, creating a nested visual echo across the product range. Another presents a set of packaging blanks laid flat, revealing how the leaf-and-mountain motif scales across different dimensions without losing recognition. taoSTUDIO extends the same graphic language to business cards and stationery, ensuring every collateral piece reads as part of the same system. The paper textures visible in the production shots add a tactile dimension that reinforces the natural positioning, while the structural folds echo the geometric precision found in the original mark. Every physical touchpoint translates the visual identity into a material experience that buyers can hold and feel, extending the logos structural logic into three-dimensional form while maintaining consistency across all brand materials.
See the full project by taoSTUDIO å¼ é¬ on Behance."
66,2026-06-19,"Germany is turning to Israel and Ukraine to potentially acquire the low-cost, long-range cruise missiles it needs to deter Russia, according to German defense ministry planning documents seen by POLITICO, which, along with Business Insider, is part of the Axel Springer Global Reporters Network.
The push has taken on new urgency after US President Donald Trump decided not to deploy a unit of troops equipped with long-range Tomahawk cruise missiles to Germany and Berlin's efforts to buy the missiles for itself remain open.
Now, the arms directorate in Germany's defense ministry is interested in smaller defense companies such as Ukraine's Fire Point and Israel's Covenant, according to industry and government officials familiar with the matter.
Two Ukrainian companies are in the running — a first for a major European defense contract — highlighting the technological leap in Kyiv's defense industry.
The outreach does not mean Germany is about to buy missiles from any of the companies. But it signals what Berlin is hunting for: cruise missiles cheap enough to buy in bulk, fast enough to field quickly and capable of putting Russian military targets at risk.
The planning documents show Germany is pursuing a four-track ground deep-strike plan.
The first track is to buy the US-made Typhon launcher, a ground-based system that can fire Tomahawk cruise missiles, with an initial capability planned for 2029.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
The second track is to buy low-cost cruise missiles, with an initial capability planned for 2027.
The other two tracks are longer-term European development projects: a high-end cruise missile with Britain planned for 2032, and a hypersonic glide vehicle, also with Britain, planned for 2035.
A diversified cruise missile arsenal would be a major shift in strategy for Germany.
Until now, Berlin relied heavily on Washington to provide the kind of long-range firepower needed to deter Russia. At the 2024 NATO summit, US President Joe Biden and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz agreed that the United States would begin deploying long-range fires to Germany in 2026. The package was expected to include Tomahawk cruise missiles, SM-6 missiles and later hypersonic weapons under US command.
The idea was to give Europe time to develop its own long-range missile program.
But Trump's decision to halt that deployment after his pique at Chancellor Friedrich Merz's criticism of the war in Iran has upended that plan.
Germany is also trying to buy its own Tomhawks.
In July 2025, Defense Minister Boris Pistorius submitted a formal letter of request to US Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth for the Typhon system.
But the US Department of Defense is not expected to enter the formal sales process before mid-2026 because export policy has not yet been settled, according to one person familiar with Pentagon sales policy.
The US war on Iran also depleted US stocks of Tomahawk missiles, with The Washington Post estimating that 850 were fired in the first weeks of the conflict — about a quarter of US overall stocks. The U.S. Navy is only set to receive 110 new missiles this year, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
That's forcing Germany to hunt for alternatives.
According to multiple people familiar with the matter, the German defense ministry's procurement agency sent a request for product proposals to Covenant, a low-profile Israeli-American missile firm.
Company information reviewed by POLITICO describes Covenant as a US-Israeli-linked firm founded in 2024, with plans to build a sovereign European supply ecosystem and production lines in Germany and the United Kingdom.
Its investors include US venture capital firms Founders Fund, led by German-American tech investor Peter Thiel, and Addreesen Horowitz, led by US investors Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowitz.
Covenant's missile system, called Anthem, is expected to be tested in Israel in the third week of June, according to people familiar with the plans. German defense ministry officials have been invited to observe the test, the people said.
Covenant did not respond to a request for comment.
Ukraine is the other major source of low-cost missile options Berlin is considering, industry and government officials told POLITICO.
The planning documents name two Ukraine-linked systems as candidates for Germany's low-cost cruise missile track: Flamingo, made by Ukrainian company Fire Point, and BARS, a mid-range missile-drone combination produced by an unnamed Ukrainian company.
Both systems are being looked at as part of an experimental study that could lead to a production contract if the weapons prove suitable, according to the documents.
Fire Point is already known in Berlin.
The company's FP-5 Flamingo cruise missile has a 3,000-kilometer range, a 1-ton warhead and is already hitting targets inside Russia.
Diehl Defence, the German maker of the IRIS-T air defense system, is in talks with Fire Point about possible joint production of the Flamingo in Germany, the Financial Times reported.
For Berlin, that is an attractive formula. Ukraine brings systems shaped by the war against Russia; a German partner can help with production, certification and the long road into Bundeswehr procurement. The Ukrainian missiles cost about $500,000 each — about a fifth of the cost of a Tomahawk, making them better suited to wars of attrition like the one Ukraine is waging against Russia.
Fire Point declined POLITICO's request for comment.
There are still hurdles. The planning documents note export restrictions around Fire Point's Flamingo, meaning the system would have to clear legal and political barriers before it could become part of a German procurement path.
Speaking at Eurosatory arms show in Paris on Wednesday, Fire Point CEO Iryna Terekh said Ukraine's missile progress came from ""close cooperation between the defense manufacturers, between our end users, our army, and between our government."" She said Kyiv had ""removed a lot of bureaucracy,"" allowing companies to focus on ""R&D and on development"" rather than paperwork — a model that may be harder to replicate in German procurement.
But there is a broader logic.
Germany is not looking for one silver-bullet missile. Officials are studying a layered deep-strike arsenal: upgraded Taurus missiles — an already-deployed German-Swedish missile with a 500-km range, a future high-end cruise missile with Britain, possible hypersonic systems and cheaper weapons that could be bought in larger numbers.
Responding to POLITICO's request for comment, a defense ministry spokesperson said the war in Ukraine had shown that hitting strategic targets deep behind enemy lines had become ""indispensable for credible deterrence.""
""Cost-effective systems can overwhelm enemy air defenses through mass attacks and are therefore of high operational value,"" the spokesperson said. The ministry wants to expand the capability ""as quickly as possible"" and is monitoring the market, but declined to discuss specific procurement plans or companies.
For Germany, this is also about sovereignty.
The country will still try to buy US systems where it must. The planning documents still list Typhon and Tomahawk as one of the four main action lines in Germany's ground deep-strike plan. But the same documents also warn of the risks of relying too heavily on the United States — especially at a time when US missile stocks are under pressure and Washington's European posture is politically uncertain.
But the 2027 timeline pushed in the planning documents shows how urgent the problem has become.
Chris Lunday is a defense reporter for Politico Europe who is based in Berlin.
This story originally appeared on POLITICO and is courtesy of the Axel Springer Global Reporters Network, which harnesses the resources of the company's newsrooms to publish ambitious scoops, investigations, interviews, opinion pieces, and analysis. It allows journalists — including those from POLITICO, Business Insider, WELT, BILD, Onet, and Fakt — to collaborate on major stories for an international audience of hundreds of millions across platforms.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
67,2026-06-19,"Intel jumped roughly 11% on Thursday, June 18, after President Donald Trump posted on Truth Social that Apple agreed to work with Intel to design and manufac..."
68,2026-06-19,"Melco Resorts & Entertainment Limited (NASDAQ:MLCO) is one of the top value stocks to buy under $10. On June 9, Melco Resorts & Entertainment extended the ma..."
69,2026-06-19,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
17 hours ago

Chip shortages have been affecting the tech world for a while, and we’ve already seen many price hikes due to RAM and storage shortages. TSMC, the world’s largest contract chipmaker, has had its capacity constrained by increased demand from AI companies. As a result, companies like Apple have been looking around to other foundries, such as Samsung and Intel, to manufacture their chips.
Now, according to a Truth Social post from President Donald Trump, Apple has agreed to work with Intel to design and build chips in the US. This deal could help Apple secure a steady supply of chips at a time when foundries like TSMC are overwhelmed, while also helping Intel turn things around further. In fact, Intel’s stock has risen to record heights since President Trump’s post.
Intel is no stranger to Apple’s chip requirements, either. The company was the sole supplier of processors for the Mac until Apple released its in-house M1 chip in 2020 and slowly phased out Intel processors from its products. However, this new deal is unlikely to be about using Intel chips in Apple products. It’s more likely that Apple just wants to offload some chip manufacturing to Intel to reduce its dependency on other foundries.
The US government holds a 10% stake in Intel, and Trump has been pushing for more US companies to move away from China and start manufacturing chips in the US. NVIDIA has already partnered with Intel to produce chips, and Elon Musk also recently announced plans to use Intel’s 14A manufacturing process to make chips in his planned Terafab complex in Texas.
Intel has been steadily gaining ground since Trump started pushing for US-based chip manufacturing and acquired a 10% stake in the company. That stake is now reportedly worth $60 billion.
It’s also worth noting that Trump’s track record isn’t exactly stellar when it comes to news like this. There’s a definite possibility that no such deal has been reached. We have reached out to Apple and Intel for statements, and we will update this story when we hear back.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
70,2026-06-19,"Osterweis Capital Management, an investment management firm, released its Q1 2026 investor update for its “Osterweis Opportunity Fund”. A copy of the letter..."
71,2026-06-19,"ByMayra Rodriguez Valladares,
Senior Contributor.
Major banking groups are pressing federal regulators to significantly reduce capital requirements under proposed Basel III reforms. Their joint letter seeks to slash operational risk capital, claiming market risk rules double-count exposures, and requests looser credit definitions with delayed implementation. However, critics contend these demands rely on flawed justifications, misrepresenting past operational losses and overlooking historical market failures. Reducing capital would heighten risks for depositors and taxpayers in future financial crises, as robust capital buffers are essential safeguards. Regulators have already granted concessions, and further relief would erode critical post-2008 protections, increasing systemic vulnerability. The industry has not adequately justified these substantial changes.
Wrapped in the technical language of Basel III capital reform, the Bank Policy Institute, American Bankers Association, Financial Services Forum, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and Consumer Bankers Association have jointly asked federal regulators to cut the capital requirements that backstop the American banking system. Their request is large, the justifications are suspect, and the people who would bear the consequences—depositors and taxpayers—are nowhere in the room.
The industry’s comment letter, filed June 18, 2026, targets three pillars of the proposed Basel III market risk rule. I responded to the industry’s letter, and below I summarize my concerns.
First, the industry wants operational risk-capital slashed by capping the Business Indicator coefficient at a flat 12 percent, rather than the tiered 12/15/18 percent structure regulators proposed. The banks' own data concede this would strip $272 billion from operational risk risk-weighted assets—roughly $27 billion less capital to absorb conduct failures, cyber breaches, and rogue-trading disasters. Second, the letter argues that the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book and the Federal Reserve's Global Market Shock stress test double-count tail risks, producing capital exceeding ""actual economic exposure."" Third, it seeks looser credit risk definitions, lower risk weights on mortgage servicing assets, and an implementation deadline no earlier than January 2028.
Each of these claims has a flaw. Together, they point in one direction: less capital, across every risk category, at the institutions whose failure would impose the largest costs on the rest of us.
Start with operational risk. The industry's benchmark is 2008, when operational losses equaled 15.5 percent of revenues compared to a proposed combined capital charge of 20.9 percent. But the industry's own footnote acknowledges that the database it used books litigation settlements by event date—meaning years of post-crisis legal costs from 2009 through 2014 all get stamped ""2008."" The actual peak-year cash impact was far lower, undermining the benchmark. More telling: U.S. globally systemically important bank legal settlements totaled over $321 billion between 2010 and 2023, according to the Government Accountability Office. Operational risk has not gone away. The industry is asking regulators to pretend it has.
The market risk argument is even bolder. Banks want credit for having moved beyond the Value at Risk models that failed so spectacularly in 2008, when trading-book losses at major institutions exceeded 99th-percentile VaR estimates by factors of three to ten, according to the Basel Committee's own post-crisis review. The FRTB standardized framework was created precisely because those internal models could not be trusted. Now the industry argues the standardized measure overstates risk. That argument must overcome a documented catastrophic failure. It has not done so.
The industry's impact numbers deserve even more scrutiny. The quantitative impact study underlying the letter was conducted by the eight largest U.S. Category I banks—the firms with the strongest financial interest in producing high estimates of regulatory burden. Regulators should commission an independent validation using their own supervisory data before treating these figures as the basis for binding calibration decisions.
Then there is the question of whose money is actually on the line. The FDIC's Deposit Insurance Fund held $125.3 billion at the end of 2025. In a systemic crisis, Congressional appropriation—taxpayer money—backstops that fund. Every dollar of capital reduction at a large bank increases, at the margin, the probability that a stress event depletes the DIF and reaches the public balance sheet. As former FDIC Chair Sheila Bair has written, capital is the single most important safeguard against bank failure; when banks run short, the losses land on depositors and taxpayers.
History offers a third data point beyond 2008 that the industry letter conspicuously underweights. The March 2020 Treasury market dysfunction required $1.6 trillion in Federal Reserve emergency asset purchases. That crisis did not originate in bank capital inadequacy—it came from leveraged nonbank strategies in the hedge-fund sector. Banks were better capitalized in 2020 than at any point since the 1990s, and that capital provided the buffer that prevented the disruption from cascading into a full banking crisis. The lesson is precisely the opposite of what the industry implies.
Context also matters. Since 2022, regulators have already substantially scaled back the original Basel Endgame capital proposals, revised stress-testing transparency rules, reduced Supplementary Leverage Ratio requirements, and proposed removing Treasuries from SLR calculations. The current letter seeks further concessions on top of an already-relieved framework. At some point, iterative accommodation becomes cumulative erosion of the post-2008 firewall.
Some of the industry's technical points are legitimate. The overlap between the Stress Capital Buffer and risk-weighted asset frameworks is a real design tension. A January 2028 implementation date for an accord finalized in 2010 is not unreasonable. And the agencies should examine whether some regulatory overlaps create genuinely redundant charges.
But none of that changes the fundamental arithmetic. The aggregate direction of the industry's recommendations—lower operational risk coefficients, reduced market and CVA risk charges, narrower commitment definitions, lower mortgage servicing asset risk weights, constrained stress scenarios—points uniformly toward less capital. Less capital means a thinner cushion when the next tail event arrives. And tail events, as 2008, 2020, and the 2023 regional bank failures all demonstrated, are routinely underestimated by the very institutions being asked to assess their own risk.
The burden of proof for further capital relief lies squarely with the banking industry. That burden has not been met. Bank regulators owe it to depositors, taxpayers, and the broader economy to hold that line."
72,2026-06-19,"Is TPC a good stock to buy? We came across a bullish thesis on Tutor Perini Corporation on InfoArb Sheets’s Substack. In this article, we will summarize the..."
73,2026-06-19,"Is GRND a good stock to buy? We came across a bearish thesis on Grindr Inc. on Valueinvestorsclub.com by pengiuin253. In this article, we will summarize the..."
74,2026-06-19,"The case against AI hype with Cory Doctorow
Subscribe here: Apple Podcasts | Spotify | YouTube 
Cory Doctorow has a refrain: “The most important thing about a gadget isn’t what it does; it’s who it does it for and what it does it to.” In this episode of Galaxy Brain, he sits down with Charlie Warzel to talk about the AI boom, making the case that the hype, vision, and dreams of endless growth are unsustainable. Doctorow expands on his viral “enshittification” thesis: a critique of AI based around power and whether we are using AI tools or being used by them.
The following is a transcript of the episode:
Cory Doctorow: Bosses are infinitely horny for firing workers and replacing them with machines. And they have been since forever, right? That’s the story of the Industrial Revolution. They just—there’s something about this, and it’s not just cutting costs. I think that if you’re the boss, you are haunted by the knowledge that if you don’t show up for work, the business just ticks over as per normal. But if all the workers don’t show up, that’s “You’re out of business.” And so maybe you tell yourself you’re driving the car, but secretly you worry that you’re in the back seat with a Fisher Price steering wheel. And one of the things about AI is: It dangles the possibility of wiring the toy steering wheel into the car’s drivetrain.
[Music]
Charlie Warzel: I’m Charlie Warzel, and this is Galaxy Brain, a show where today we’re going to examine the case against AI.
Well, sort of.
What follows isn’t a case against the technology: machine learning, generative AI, coding agents. It is instead a case against this particular ideology behind AI: how it’s built, how it’s implemented. Cory Doctorow is a little bit of everything. He’s a science-fiction writer; he’s a technologist himself; he’s a prolific blogger and a journalist. He’s also an activist who has been working with the Electronic Frontier Foundation on digital-rights management, among other issues.
And it’s this combination of all of these jobs that make Doctorow this particularly shrewd critic of technology. He’s somebody who has both the skill set to see how technologies are being implemented in ways that work against human flourishing, while also being able to imagine all the ways that the future might be different.
And most recently, Doctorow gained notoriety for coining the term enshittification. This has become the shorthand for the way that companies and their platforms start out with this promise of empowerment. But then once they’ve captured the market share, they begin to degrade their services and extract more from their users. Now, enshittification put a name to this pervasive feeling about technology, and especially the tools of the Web 2 era. But a lot of the dynamics of Doctorow’s work are extremely relevant to the AI boom, which is dominated by many of the same personalities of the platform era.
Doctorow has a new book. It’s called The Reverse Centaur’s Guide to Life After AI, and it builds on a lot of this past work. We’ll get into what a reverse centaur is in just a moment, I promise. But it’s the book’s subtitle that got my attention: How to Think About Artificial Intelligence Before It’s Too Late.
The AI conversation is, as we’ve explored before, intensely polarized, and you have some critics who just seem unable to engage with the usefulness of this technology. But what makes Doctorow’s perspective different is that his critique is not purely about the technology itself. It’s about the power dynamics that surround it. Again and again in his book, he comes back to the same refrain. “The most important thing about a gadget isn’t what it does; it’s who it does it for and what it does it to.” Doctorow’s animating questions needle at something bigger. This question that I think is shared by so many people right now. Why, in this era of intense technological progress, do so many things feel like they’re getting worse and more exhausting?
Who really benefits from these tools? Which groups of workers are actually using them, and which groups are being used by them? Is there an AI bubble? What does it look like if it pops? What does meaningful resistance to AI look like, in an era of growth at all costs? Cory Doctorow joins me now to talk about it all.
[Music]
Warzel: Cory, welcome to Galaxy Brain.
Doctorow: Thank you, Charlie. It’s a pleasure to be on.
Warzel: So in the intro to your book, you’re talking about different ways that people use artificial intelligence, and you mention that you use it in certain instances. What is your relationship to artificial intelligence in terms of tools you use?
Doctorow: The most common use I make of AI—and it’s daily, and I just did it again—is I publish a blog, at pluralistic.net. And because I am keenly aware of how the platforms trap us, I control that blog. I publish it on my own self-hosted WordPress site, on a server on a shelf that I own. So my prompt for OLAMA, one of the Olama models that I have running on my laptop, is: find typos. And that is remarkably good. So not only does it catch a bunch of stuff that my text editor or word processor wouldn’t normally catch—things like you type a word that is a correct word but not the word you meant. So you type shocker instead of shocked. Double punctuation, typing the word and twice in a row; kind of stuff we do all the time.
But also—this is where it’s like, faintly magic—is the other day I referred to something, as I was writing, and I pasted in a link to the Wikipedia article on it. And then I referred to it again later by slightly different name. So it was something like saturation theory. And I called it “the saturation hypothesis.” And the chatbot said: In the URL, it’s called saturation theory. Did you mean saturation theory here? Which was amazing.
Warzel: Yeah. Genuinely helpful.
Doctorow: Yeah, super helpful. Look, you know, I don’t know where your computer-origin stories are, but my first word processor was a program I bought in a magazine that I typed into an Apple II Plus. And my word processors have gotten new features since then, on the reg. And an enormous number of them are things I have no use for at all. Many of them are things that I think other people use very badly, and some of them are things that I find indispensable. And AI is a plug-in to my word processor as far as I’m concerned—and I have never used a plug-in and said, Right, well, that’s it. Now we need to gather up all the writers and put them in a wood chipper. We should probably spend, I don’t know, 1.4 trillion dollars on this. See how good we can get this word processor plug-in to run.
Warzel: Well this brings me to your book. It brings me to the central operating principle of centaurs, reverse centaurs. I want to do some defining for people in the audience who aren’t gonna understand it. What is a centaur? Not the mythological animal, but the automation theory that you’ve based the book around. And what is a reverse centaur?
Doctorow: So in automation theory, a centaur is someone assisted by a machine. So, you know, you’re wearing glasses, you’re riding a bicycle, you’re using a spell-checker, you’re playing a harmonica instead of making mouth noises: You’re a centaur. And a reverse centaur is someone who is conscripted to help the machine. So there’s a process a machine can almost do, but there’s a part of it that it can’t do. And someone has inveigled you to do that other part. And because the capital that went into that machine is depreciating, right? The machine only lasts so long. You want to sweat that asset as hard as you can.
And because machines don’t get tired, and they typically work faster than we do, you—the reverse centaur—are the bottleneck in the machine. You are Lucy and Ethel trying to get chocolates off the assembly line and get them into the chocolate box. And the boss is running the assembly line at the maximum speed that the humans can conceivably do it at, and they are expecting you to work at—to or slightly beyond the point at which you collapse from exhaustion. So someone who is a reverse centaur isn’t just used by a machine; they are used up by the machine.
Warzel: Let’s anchor that in the real world. Would an Amazon delivery driver [be] the ur-example right now of somebody trapped in reverse centaurism, or what have you?
Doctorow: Yeah; it’s hard to overstate how much automation in that van is about seeing if you can get the person to work so hard that there is just no slack left for them. So we all know about the drivers not peeing, right? Or rather, peeing in bottles. That’s not just because they have a hard schedule. The van is determining what route you’re going to take and how long it’s going to take. And then you have to make the prediction real, irrespective of traffic conditions and so on. You are covered by many cameras and many sensors when you drive an Amazon van. And they are doing things like penalizing you for looking in the wrong direction. So you might be looking at something that you anticipate is a danger, but the van disagrees. And so they are dinging you on that.
And then there are the more sort of mundane complaints, like the machine thinks that you can deliver these three parcels after parking your van because they’re all in the same housing complex. And what the machine doesn’t know is that one of those drop-offs is a mile away. And so either you drive to the other half of the housing complex and get fined by the system for driving when you were supposed to be walking—or you walk or run to the other place, and you get fined by the system for missing your time quota on that delivery.
Warzel: Well, and then there’s this story that 404 Media reported recently. The one about the Rivian vans that Amazon uses that have been wired to turn off the air conditioner after between like 10 minutes or 30 seconds, depending if the driver is out of the seat. And so you have these drivers who are trying to hack them in order to just have safe conditions when they’re driving in the middle of the summer. And I think it speaks to this technology using us, right? And so part of the thesis of this book is that these tools are created for the express purpose of creating these reverse centaurs, right? Something that none of us out here in the world want to be. So why are they engineered this way? Why are they engineered to make us reverse centaurs?
Doctorow: You know, you and I and the people listening to this, we’ve been through a lot of tech bubbles lately. You know, whether that’s Web 3 or crypto or what have you. We get bubble after bubble after bubble. And this bubble is a bubble like those—but it’s much bigger. And one of the things this book wants to interrogate is first of all, why do we have bubbles? And second of all, why is this bubble so much bigger? And it is so much bigger. I mean, when I wrote the book, it was 700-billion-dollar capex expenditure worldwide. Now it’s a 1.4-trillion-dollar capex worldwide, and it’s going up and up.
Warzel: Yeah, and that 1.4 trillion is Goldman Sachs’s prediction for spending on AI infrastructure in 2027.
Doctorow: So it’s—this is a shocking amount of money. We’ve never set this much money on fire before for anything. It makes tulip bulbs look like rational conduct. You know, the South Seas look like an achievable objective, right? So where’s this all coming from?
Well, first of all, I think we have bubbles because firms that have saturated their market go very quickly from being treated by investors as growing firms to being mature firms. And when that happens, their shares are grossly overvalued, because if a share in a company is a claim on its future earnings. If those future earnings are going to be larger than they are this year, then it makes sense that the share will be worth a lot, because those earnings are going to grow and grow and grow. But if we know how much the company brings in—and if it brings in about the same every year, plus or minus a few points—then it has a much lower what’s called a price-to-earnings ratio, right? It just trades at a lower multiple of its annual earnings.
And from the perspective of management at the firm, this is bad. Because once you start being a mature company, and your share price drops precipitously, a thing that just keeps happening whenever anything threatens these companies, the market’s really telling us that they think these companies’ growth is going to tap out soon. That’s very bad. It’s bad because, you know, if you’re an executive who’s been compensated in shares, well … that’s your net worth, right? When the share price goes off, falls off the cliff. But also it’s really bad because shares in growth firms are very liquid. They’re like money. And so, yeah—you can hire executives with shares. You can also buy companies with shares. Both of those are really good ways to grow. And once you’ve hit the limit on growth, once you are Google with a 90 percent search market share, and the market starts to treat you as mature again, then you have to use money to buy things that you used to use shares to buy. So, you know, you have to go find a creditor or like a customer or an investor to grow by money. Whereas you can just grow by shares by deciding you’re gonna issue more stock.
And so, this is very dangerous. And so we see this string of bubbles. At first, the bubbles were quite grounded. You know, you had Google saying, We’re about to become Facebook, because we have this thing called Google Plus. And the problem with that is that while we can all agree on how much Facebook is worth because it’s there on their balance sheet, Facebook vociferously disagrees with Google that they’re about to become Google Plus. And they make that point very forcefully in public, and it makes it hard to sell that narrative.
So we switch to, like, imaginary things that we’re going to conquer. Web 3, crypto, blah, blah, blah, right? Metaverse. And then we get to this one. And this one is much bigger. And so why is this one so much bigger? Why was the market willing to spend so much more money? Well, some of it is, again—it’s just material. This is more real than crypto or metaverse or whatever. You know, it’s like it’s a super-interesting computer-science breakthrough. And not only that—because we have crypto, we have computer-science breakthroughs all the time. Usually when you find a way to get a computer to do something cool, if you do it harder, it doesn’t get cooler. Right? The returns to scale are pretty limited, and AI had these incredible returns to scale which are now plateauing. But there was a period where we could just spend more and do the same thing and get more out the other end.
Warzel: I think it’s a really great point about growth companies, that there is almost a danger when you’re in that phase where, “No, we’re going to grow very soon,” right? Just you wait. That’s a really good place for them to be. The period of actual growth, like “We are booming right now,” essentially can only mean, to the market, “Soon, we will stop.” And that is the scary point. I take that totally.
Tell how you connect that to the idea of “We are not only working on this computer-science experiment, but we are working on it in such a way that it is going to turn us into tools of the development.” Like, why do these things push these companies to make the products that turn us into these reverse centaurs?
Doctorow: So yeah, that’s the ideology question, right? What is it that makes capital allocators so excited about AI, versus all the other things they’ve been excited about? And I think a big part of this is that bosses are infinitely horny for firing workers and replacing them with machines. And they have been since forever, right? That’s the story of the Industrial Revolution. They just—there’s something about this, and it’s not just cutting costs. I think that if you’re the boss, you are haunted by the knowledge that if you don’t show up for work, the business just ticks over as per normal. But if all the workers don’t show up, that’s “You’re out of business.” And so maybe you tell yourself you’re driving the car, but secretly you worry that you’re in the back seat with a Fisher Price steering wheel. And one of the things about AI is: It dangles the possibility of wiring the toy steering wheel into the car’s drivetrain.
So the boss has an amazing, cool idea and then gets pooped out by the bot. And there are no ego-destroying confrontations with people who know how to do things, who tell you that your idea is dumb. You know, when I was on the picket line with the screenwriters, because I live in Burbank and I’m in an affiliated union; I’m in the Animation Guild writers’ unit. So when I was on the picket line with the writers near my house, one of them said to me, you know, “You give notes to a writers’ room the same way you prompt a bot,” right? Like, “Give me E.T., but it’s about a dog, with a love interest and a car chase.” And the difference is that you say that to writers, and they’re like, Go make a spreadsheet. The grown-ups are making a movie. Whereas you say it to a bot, and it just gives you a script.
Warzel: Well, it’s also interesting, too, how a lot of really, really rich, influential people—even higher than the level of normal CEO; we’re talking like in the billionaire class—have a lot of people, I’ve spent time around these people, a lot of people who say, like, Yeah, sir, that’s an awesome idea. Yes, let’s draw that up. We’ll get our people on it. We’ll do that.
Right? It’s interesting that the chatbots also behave that same way. The chatbot is: Sir, we’ll get right on it. Absolutely.
Doctorow: And if you are familiar with the psyche of bosses, you might say, “Yeah, offering them a way to like get stuff done without having to argue with workers is gonna be very popular.” But also those upper-tier capital allocators, those billionaires and oligarchs, they themselves already live in a world that’s pretty solipsistic. Right?
You know, if you become a billionaire, I think it’s axiomatic that you have to hurt a lot of people. And to hurt a lot of people, you have to, in some sense, believe that what they feel isn’t as real as what you feel; that they’re not real people the way you’re a real person. You know, Elon Musk calls everyone he disagrees with an NPC [non-player character]. And you know, I don’t think it’s a coincidence that these are the same people who got really excited about effective altruism, and particularly the strain of it that said you can hurt as many living people as you want, provided that you spend a lot of time thinking about bringing a small amount of joy to the lives of 10,000, or rather 10 to the 53 artificial people who will come into being in 10,000 years, right? It’s a very solipsistic way of viewing the world.
And you know, Mark Zuckerberg wants to build social media without people, right? Like, in social media without socializing is like: Your friends are the reason you can’t leave Facebook, because you love them. But they’re a pain in the ass, and you can’t agree on when it’s time to leave. And so that’s great for me, but I’ve been trying to get your friends to see reason and understand that the best way to have a friendship is to maximize your engagement with a platform. And for some reason they just keep having a friendship the way normal people do. So I think we’re gonna get rid of your friends and replace them with chatbots.
Right. You know, social media without socializing, it’s very similar to the idea of a workplace without workers and a screenplay without screenwriters and a movie without actors.
Warzel: But it can only go so far, it seems, in terms of this. One of the defenses right now of the idea potentially that these guys are going to fire everyone, right? That this tool is going to allow bosses to, you know, AI-wash their companies. But I think what we’ve seen already is the fact that it’s difficult. You have companies who have laid people off hiring people back in; that there’s problems. It seems like you have a very low opinion of a lot of bosses in this sense. Do you think they’re that dumb? That they’re just going to continue to do this even in the face of, if there aren’t these same productivity gains?
Doctorow: I mean, I think unless you spent 2008 in a cave, you have to at least entertain that possibility. Right. These are like, the analysts who are telling us that AI is, whatever, a 17-trillion-dollar industry are the ones who told us that 95 percent of us would be using the metaverse by 2025. There is a degree of credulity there, where if you think that you can find exit liquidity for an investment, it doesn’t really matter whether the investment pays off. It just matters whether it fails after you’ve given the bag to someone else.
Warzel: Understanding all of that—understanding that we are living in a bit of a wild west here—we are also living in a time of a lot of people operating with impunity, sort of saying the quiet part out loud. I want to talk about the AI bubble. You predicate a lot of this on there being, that AI is a bubble. I think that that case was the absolute majority case in the fall. And I think now, we have some of these new coding agents. You see Anthropic turning what looks like it’s gonna be a pretty record profit here. Give me your case for the AI bubble as you see it, here in the summer of 2026.
Doctorow: Well, if these companies are going to be profitable, it will have to generate revenues in excess of its depreciating assets, including capital expenditure on new product development. And in excess of its operating costs. It will have to make more money when it adds more customers. And when those customers use its product, it will have to increase its profit, not decrease its profit. So it will have to find a pricing and market strategy that has good unit economics and where depreciation and amortization are commensurate with the rate at which they are able to replenish their capital. And that’s just not the case.
Warzel: What do you say to people who are looking at the demand right now? It is a narrative that is coming from inside that industry. There is also adoption that is real. How do you parse that? How do you see that playing into that?
Doctorow: So giving away hundred-dollar bills, or selling hundred-dollar bills at a dollar apiece, will have a high demand. One of the things that we’ve seen with market leaders in the last couple of months is that when they try to charge $5 for those hundred-dollar bills, people are like, Oh my God, we can’t afford $5 for these hundred-dollar bills. So I’m not surprised to hear that there is demand for it. So the question isn’t: If you prompt an LLM often enough and harness enough compute, can you make software that is useful? That’s very clearly true. And I should say the best programmers, I know many of them, love working with LLMs. I don’t question it for a minute.
We do know that in the sort of reverse-centaur or centaur configuration that you hear lots of people who are in charge of how they write software. Who say, I write software the way I like, and I use these tools when it makes sense, and I am feeling really good about it. And then you hear from a lot of people who are like, They fired nine-tenths of my colleagues, and my job is to mark the bot’s homework. And we’re shipping the worst code I’ve ever seen. And, you know, God help you if you ever use one of our products.
And again—his resolves that conundrum, right? About how it is that two groups of people who are reliable narrators of their own experience can use the same tools and conclude completely opposite things about it. It’s because the important thing about a technology is only secondarily what it does—and it’s primarily who it does it for and who it does it to. And people who get to use the tools the way they want, they make better decisions than when you dictate to them how you do it. This is why tailorism was a failure.
Warzel: I want to get a little bit into the harms that you show of this type of dynamic, especially with this type of AI as it is foisted on people. You have a story about Air Canada call centers in there. But tell me what an “accountability sink” is, and how something like ChatGPT might play into that.
Doctorow: Yeah; this this comes from Dan Davies, who’s a British writer, investment analyst, and basically a cybernetics-and-systems-theory guy. And this term, accountability sink, is basically when you have a a system or a person or something that you can blame for otherwise foreseeable mistakes. So that when people get hurt, it’s not your fault, it’s the accountability sink’s fault.
And an example of this is, as you say, Air Canada. I have a dog in this fight. Like all the best Americans, I am Canadian. Air Canada’s customer service has always been pretty bad, so you could see why—if the only reason to have customer service is to have someone explain over and over again that the company isn’t going to solve your problem—why you wouldn’t just ask an AI to do that? And that’s what Air Canada did.
So there was a man who was going to his grandmother’s funeral, and he got on the Air Canada customer-service portal, and he said, How does a bereavement fair work? And the chatbot said, You buy a full-fare ticket today, go to your grandmother’s funeral, come back, get a copy of the death certificate, send it in, and we will refund you the difference. Which he did. And when he did, the human being who was in charge of issuing, you know, refunds was like, I don’t know what you’re talking about. That’s not how we do it. You had to do this before you flew. You don’t get any money back. And he appealed it all the way through every level of customer service at Air Canada, and eventually got a judgment against Air Canada for on the order of seven or eight hundred dollars Canadian.
So this was like a multi-month process. And you could see that, from Air Canada’s perspective, it doesn’t matter if it’s wrong. It just matters if it doesn’t produce more of a loss than a gain. And there is a certain perverse incentive to give people bad advice that costs them money if there’s no way for them to get the money back. Air Canada is the nation’s flagship carrier; the majority of routes, they have one or fewer competitors. You’re gonna keep using Air Canada anyway, so why would they care?
You know, if you remember on Saturday Night Live, Lily Tomlin used to do this bit she started on Laugh-In. Ernestine, the AT&T phone operator, she’d do these ads for AT&T. And she would turn to the camera at the end of each one, and she would say: “We don’t care. We don’t have to. We’re the phone company.” So if you enjoy that kind of market power, and you know that people have few if any avenues of recourse, you can use AI and blame the AI for the mistake. When really, this was the foreseeable and foreseen outcome of putting an AI in place of the human being who is already not there to do a good job.
Warzel: Tell me about automation blindness. How humans become this dull node in the loop reviewing AI output. It’s sort of similar to auto; it’s a little like the corollary to, you know, the chatbot takes over the call center.
Doctorow: Yeah. Well, there’s a funny thing that happens at TSA checkpoints. TSA people train all day, every day, to find water bottles. And they are the world’s water-bottle-finding-est people that we have ever created. They are the Louis Pasteur of finding water bottles, because they get more practice than anyone else. But the number of people who deliberately bring a gun or a bomb onto an airplane, it is indistinguishable from zero. Now, obviously, at the very furthest margin, there are people who do it, which is why we have airport security. But there is every reason to think that without a regular supply of people walking through, deliberately carrying guns and bombs through that have been disguised, that airport-security people just cannot remain vigilant for it. Because they detrain to find one thing when they are training to find the other one, which is water bottles, which is the thing that we all bring through.
Warzel: And so you’re suggesting that in this paradigm, where all these jobs are—if they’re not being fully automated away, if you have a human in the loop, you’re suggesting that this type of automation blindness is going to increase.
Doctorow: Yeah. Especially when you think about this in combination with this reverse-centaur paradigm of work speed-up, of sweating the asset. So if your job is to have a new AI judgment or result put in front of you at the maximum speed that you could theoretically evaluate it—and if in the majority of times it’s good enough—your job, the majority of times, is to click “Okay.” And you have to do that relentlessly at this incredible pace. It’s going to require some very atypical kind of neurological makeup to spot that. I won’t say there’s no one ever born who couldn’t do that job, but most of us are not going to be that person. And there aren’t enough of those people to be the human in the loop.
So let me give you an example of how you might configure automation in two different contexts. So I have an extremely treatable form of cancer, so I spent a lot of time following the news about cancer treatment and AI. And it looks like AI can sometimes spot solid-mass tumors that humans miss on X-rays. And so, if there was a sales call between an AI salesperson and the hospital administrator at the Kaiser hospital where I get my care. And they were saying, Right, here’s the pitch. Right now you spend a million dollars a year on radiologists. They’re each assessing a hundred X-rays a day. I want you to give me half a million dollars a year for my robo-radiologist, over and above the salary of those million dollars that you’re spending now. And now, your radiologists are going to do fewer X-rays, because one or two times a day, the AI is going to say, “Have another look at that one.” And they’re going to stop, and they’re going to look at it again. 
No risk of automation blindness, right? That is an arrangement, as someone with cancer, that I would be very happy to see.
That’s not the pitch, because there aren’t enough hospitals that want to spend an extra half-million dollars a year over and above their payroll. The pitch goes like this: Fire nine-tenths of your radiologists. Put the remaining 10 percent in charge of rubber-stamping the output from the X-ray, but they’re supposed to look at it closely enough to actually make an assessment about it. But you’re gonna work them as fast as you possibly can to to wet-sweat this asset as much as you can, realize as much of a savings as you can, fire as many workers as you can. In that circumstance, when the AI is usually right about the chest X-ray, but sometimes wrong—and the radiologist is just clicking “Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay,” five times a minute—that radiologist is gonna kill people. And we’re not gonna blame the AI; we’re gonna blame them.
Warzel: And that’s the accountability sink.
Doctorow: That is the accountability sink.
Warzel: So it seems to me, what I appreciate about your work is that it tries to consider these tools in the context of the types of people who are in control of deploying them. Control of purchasing them, control of all that, right? And you write that the workers—the non-oligarchs bosses of the world—need to puncture the AI bubble as soon as possible, right? Before it gets even further out of control. Wouldn’t that be quite bad for it to pop now? I know that’s a naive-sounding question. But just as part of it, it’s like wouldn’t it wouldn’t it be really bad?
Doctorow: Yeah, it would be really bad for a 1.4-trillion-dollar bubble to pop. It would be even worse for a 2-trillion-dollar bubble to pop. And so you know, I do believe that history is ours to make; that that the future has not been written. But when I say that, I don’t mean that there’s a way that AI becomes profitable. I mean that there’s a way that we deal with the fact that it is a bubble, and what we do when the bubble pops. If we know that it’s coming, if we understand who created it, if we regulate in response to it.
You know, one of the reasons we have the string of bubbles we’ve had in this century is because the repeal of Glass-Steagall. Glass-Steagall was a law put in place after the Great Crash and the Great Depression. And it was intended—and worked very well—to structurally separate investment banks from commercial banks, from consumer banks. And we got rid of that law. And you know, this is not all that different from other things that we deregulated in that era. You know, we stopped enforcing antitrust law around the same time, and then we got a lot of monopolies. Those two facts are actually really closely related.
And, you know, if I get grumpy or cranky, it’s really because it sometimes feels like we have so little object permanence that we couldn’t win a game of peekaboo. And we just forget that in living memory, we had a thing we did that stopped a bad outcome, and then we stopped doing that thing, and then the bad outcome happened. And we’re like, This is a mystery. What an unfortunate situation for us. But you know, as Margaret Thatcher told us, there is no alternative. So I guess we just have to live with it.
And I sometimes feel like, you know, the people who advocated for the removal of structural separation and finance and the end of antitrust law, those are the same people who are inflating this bubble, and who are also saying, How dare you blame me for all the bad outcomes of all the other bubbles and all the economic problems we have with monopolies.
So, you know, we can choose how we react to this bubble. When we had a bubble in the ’30s that destroyed society, we responded by changing the structure of markets to dampen the likelihood of bubbles, and we installed policing mechanisms that looked for exceptions that escaped from the market-structuring efforts, and that either address them legislatively or through enforcement. These are not the lost arts of a fallen civilization. This is not building a pyramid without power tools. It’s just prudent regulation.
We could choose that, when this bubble bursts. Or we could choose to do austerity again. And when we do austerity, we drive people into the arms of fascists. And so we could have a collapse followed by an authoritarian surge—or, we could have a collapse followed by a prudent regulation and a reckoning with the mistakes that we made that brought us to this juncture. And maybe with the people who claimed that these mistakes wouldn’t happen.
Warzel: What does opposition look like, then? There’s clearly a moment to seize on something. If you are an activist, or someone who doesn’t want this, or a politician, what is your version of real opposition to this in the moment? This type of artificial intelligence and these companies? What does it look like?
Doctorow: I think that a lot of the times when people criticize AI, they stipulate to a bunch of its claims without interrogating them. So when we say: This AI data center is going to be polluting. It’s going to be noisy. It was undertaken under undemocratic conditions. We have better uses for that land. It’s going to be hard on our water supply and our grid. We should also add: And, by the way, this company might be bankrupt before they turn it on. And not stipulate to the idea that this thing that can’t go on forever will never stop.
I think when we criticize AI more broadly, we should remember that, as offensive as it is, for the AI companies to say to creative workers, Our goal is to make you bankrupt, and our tactic for doing that is training our models on your work—that we shouldn’t stipulate to the idea that the work is as good as ours, right? That they’ve done anything good.
And we should remind investors who have seen these splashy demos—because I think that’s what, you know, AI art and AI text gen and AI video and so on—we should remind them that the workers that this stands to displace have a wage bill globally that sums up to less than the kombucha expenses for one training run of Midjourney.
And that even if they fire every illustrator in the world and replace them with slop, that it won’t turn a buck, right? That this is a money-losing proposition. That if you charge, if you stop giving away, selling hundred-dollar bills for a buck apiece, it’s always going to be cheaper to hire illustrators. Illustrators are among the most immiserated low-wage workers in the creative industries.
Warzel: Do you see a possible future in which it does just keep going like this? Like the irrational nature of this, you know, in the way that we have closed the Strait of Hormuz for a very long time, and a lot of people are like: You’re going to feel the pain very soon, and the market will soon reflect all of you know this shortage. And then Donald Trump posts something on Truth Social, and then the market goes, Yeah, you know, we’ll believe that. And like, you know, every Friday we’ll just do this dance.
That things—the bubbles, so to speak, and the cultural part of the bubble too, right? The political, the cultural, the economic part of the bubble, that we’ve become so used to that. That we just do the irrational, This is just how it’s going to be. We’re going to operate in this irrational dystopia of: Yes, the bottom is going to fall out. No it’s not.
Doctorow: So the question is: Can this thing that can’t go on forever never stop? And the answer lies in material things. So, to keep the AI bubble going, you need to keep sending money to guys in bunny suits in Taiwan, who sit in clean rooms for eight-hour shifts while, like, you know, tin is evacuated into or vaporized into an evacuated chamber and hit with a laser and then hit with a different laser to create a vapor that creates the visible wavelength of light that etches a four-nanometer scale feature on a chip.
So someone needs to send real things to Taiwan so that those people can eat. They won’t keep doing it if they can’t eat, right? So there needs to be real things—not just things on balance sheets, but actual things. There needs to be energy, right? That’s a like, it’s a non-negotiable. And there is only so much mismanagement that you can do and prop up through money creation and stimulus without actually doing industrial policy that produces real things people need: you know, health care and and so on. That you can do before things … then it starts to tell, right? You start to see a failure.
This is not investment advice. I’m not short or long on AI. I’m, you know, putting all of my investment in laser tag, because I think we’ve got lots of laser-tag arenas coming online soon. But I don’t believe in—I don’t know when the AI bubble is going to pop. But the other thing that goes around my head all day long is Stein’s Law, which is that anything that can’t go on forever eventually stops. And there are hard-material limits on the ability to cook the planet and devote an ever-larger share of our national project, our global project, to building GPUs and putting them online. And those hard-material limits are not remediable through belief. They require a material response.
Warzel: A lot of this book, and a lot of your work sense, is obviously in conversation with your last book. The topic of enshittification, which, you know, it’s taken off in in ways that are kind of unbelievable to see. The idea that these platforms and companies are slowly getting worse—exerting more power over people, getting locked into these ecosystems.
I don’t know if we’re fully in the enshittification era of AI yet, but you can see the contours of that with token use, and things like that starting to go. But enshittification’s also become, as you know so well, the shorthand for a general feeling of anger and frustration around the degradation of just services and experience of everyday life. And recently you wrote this article that cited the National Customer Rage survey, which has been surveying a panel of a thousand representative consumers every three years for a decade. It’s been going on since the ’70s. And essentially, part of the takeaway here is that people are furious now. Like historically pissed off, in this customer-rage sense. AI is a big part of this.
How does this cycle break? Because it just feels like it’s everywhere. Like, we can talk about it in the sense of AI. But you can also feel it at the grocery store, at the wherever. And I think it has this real curdling effect—especially when you’re having so much trouble, and you see the Elon Musk trillionaire news, and there’s people all over the place being like, Congratulate this innovator on having, you know, more money than anyone could ever have imagined. How does this cycle break?
Doctorow: Well, about 15 years ago, I guess, there was a book by Thomas Piketty, the French economist, called Capital in the Twenty-First Century. And Piketty did this monumental research project, going through every ledger of capital flows going back 300 years to trace capital flows and capital concentration over centuries. And their conclusion was that all of the things being equal, capital tends to accumulate. That if you have money, you tend to make money.
They summarize this as R is greater than G. The rate of return on capital is always greater than the rate of growth. And so Piketty’s point was: If you don’t do something about that, rich people get richer and richer and richer and richer and richer and richer. Doesn’t matter how big the pie is getting; the share of the pie owned by the rich gets bigger faster than the pie gets bigger. Always, as an iron law. And then eventually, this becomes untenable. Eventually, the rich—because they are unchecked—there is no democratic accountability. They are as subject to folly as the rest of us. They look to one another with great jealousy, and use us as pawns in bids to take one another’s fortunes once our fortunes have been stripped bare. That this creates massive instability, and that those instabilities tip.
And he sees these points over and over again. Where the share of income in the top decile, the top 10 percent, reaches—or wealth, rather, not income—reaches a certain point, and then you get the French Revolution. And then World War I and World War II, and so on and so on. And his message was: That unless we do something about oligarchy, the end state of oligarchy is not stability. The end state of oligarchy is chaos. It’s collapse.
And that is my worry. And you mentioned before that there are these billionaires who love the fantasy of AI, and love the fantasy of a world without people, and that they live in a world without people now where everyone around them is a non-player character who just glazes them with AI-like nonsense. But there’s another group of people who love AI—which is politicians who want to exert their will without having to go through a permanent civil service. Just like there’s a dream of a workplace without workers, there’s a dream of a government without bureaucrats, right?
This is what Trump wants to do with DOGE. This was the whole nature of the DOGE project, was you take away the deep state. Which is to say: everyone who knows how the government works. And you replace them with chatbots. And then Trump has an idea, and it happens. You don’t have these collisions with people who are like, That’s not just not how the government works. We can’t do it that way. There are people who won’t be able to fill in that form you want them to fill in. If you take away this support, this other thing will collapse.
It doesn’t work that way. You just tell the chatbot to do it, and the chatbot just does it. You can see how this would be really unstable. We’re living through it. We’re living through it with just screwflies. Right? No amount of belief is gonna help you when beef is 30 dollars a pound. Like, that’s politically destabilizing.
And so I think that—unless we can confront oligarchy by democratic means, that we will find ourselves in the midst of a circumstance where it is being confronted by nondemocratic means. Whether or not that’s what we want, or what we aim for.
And I really worry about it. I think oligarchy is the force that stops us from addressing the polycrisis of genocide and climate degradation and rising authoritarianism. And until we meet that oligarchy challenge, I think we are going to struggle to do more than fight a holding action on everything else. And when we get rid of the oligarchs, it’s still not gonna be easy.
Warzel: I think that’s a tough place to leave it. But that chaos, I think it is very much where we are today. Cory Doctorow: Thank you so much for coming on Galaxy Brain, for talking about all this.
Doctorow: Thank you, Charlie. It’s been a real pleasure.
[Music]
Warzel: That’s it for us here. Thank you again to my guest, Cory Doctorow. If you liked what you saw here, new episodes of Galaxy Brain drop every Friday. You can subscribe on YouTube or Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. And if you want to support this work and the work of my fellow colleagues, you can subscribe to the publication at TheAtlantic.com/Listener. That’s TheAtlantic.com/Listener. Thanks so much, and I’ll see you on the internet.
This episode of Galaxy Brain was produced by Renee Klahr and engineered by Miguel Carrascal. Our theme is by Rob Smierciak. Hadley Robinson is our senior supervising producer. Claudine Ebeid is the executive producer of Atlantic audio, and Andrea Valdez is our managing editor.
TheAtlantic.com © 2026 The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply"
75,2026-06-19,"Casey’s General Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:CASY) was among the stocks on which Jim Cramer commented, as he emphasized that SpaceX investors are betting on Elon Mus..."
76,2026-06-19,
77,2026-06-19,
78,2026-06-19,"
					By Zac Ntim 
International Reporter

Pam Abdy and Mike De Luca will headline an onstage in-conversation session at this year’s Toronto Film Festival. 

	Abdy and De Luca’s talk will be part of the TIFF Market’s Dialogues programme. The festival said the discussion will focus on the “evolving role of studios in an increasingly global marketplace, the art of identifying and developing award-winning content, and the opportunities and challenges shaping both the current entertainment landscape and the future of film.” 

	“For more than half a century, TIFF has championed bold creative visions, serving as a global stage where films of every genre can be discovered and celebrated. That same spirit drives Warner Bros., where we remain committed to nurturing distinctive voices across each of the studio’s theatrical labels,” Abdy and De Luca said in a statement. “We are thrilled to take part in TIFF’s inaugural Market, and to continue bringing ambitious films to audiences around the world.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					David Mamet To Direct Feature Project 'Russian Poland'; Archstone Boards As Sales Rep		
			















	News
	



	
		
					TIFF Sets Christopher Nolan Retrospective Ahead Of 'The Odyssey' 		
			







	TIFF’s new market will run September 10 through 16. The new event will take in TV, interactive and digital content, as well as film. It has considerable backing from Canada’s Federal Government in the shape of C$23M ($16.5M) of funding. 




			Watch on Deadline		






	“We are excited to welcome Pam and Mike to our inaugural Market. They have consistently combined creative excellence with strategic vision and strong business leadership, and their track record speaks for itself,” Cameron Bailey, CEO, TIFF, said in a statement.  

	“Throughout their careers, they have championed exceptional talent, embraced innovation, and helped shape a rapidly evolving industry. Their insights and experience make them ideal voices for this pivotal moment and invaluable contributors to the marquee conversations that will define the expansive slate of Market programming.”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong.
Comment 
Name 
Email 
Website 
 



Δ
PRESENTED BY
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
79,2026-06-19,"Wasatch Global Investors, an asset management company, released its “Micro Cap Fund” Q1 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. Th..."
80,2026-06-19,"Login

Sagar 
19 June 2026


Google Android

Google announced its Android developer verification program last year to make app sideloading safer for Android users. And a few months ago, Google said that Android users would have to wait 24 hours before sideloading apps from unverified developers. Now, the company has revealed the timeline for its new sideloading changes coming to Android.
Starting this month, Google will roll out a new system service that will be automatically installed on most Android devices and will also be used to verify developer registration later this year.
In July, Google will launch the Android Developer ID Status API globally and begin early access for the Android Developer Console API. It will also start early access for limited distribution accounts on Android Developer Console. This type of Android developer account is for students, hobbyists, and learners, allowing apps to be shared with up to 20 devices without requiring a government-issued ID or a fee.
Then, in August, Google will launch limited distribution accounts and a new Android Developer Console API globally. Additionally, it will launch an advanced flow for power users for installing apps from unverified developers.
On September 30, the new developer verification protections will take effect, starting with Brazil, Indonesia, Singapore, and Thailand. App registration will be required for participating app stores, including Google's own Play Store, Honor App Market (Honor), Oppo App Market (OPlus), Galaxy Store (Samsung), V-Appstore (vivo), Palm Store (Transsion), and GetApps (Xiaomi).
Users will be able to sideload unregistered apps with Android Debug Bridge (ADB) or advanced flow.


Timeline shared by Google for its new app sideloading changes coming to Android
In 2027, Google will expand the Android developer verification requirement globally after incorporating feedback from its partners, users, and developer community.
If you distribute apps in Brazil, Indonesia, Singapore, or Thailand via the app stores mentioned above, you'll have to complete your verification by September.
Source



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2026 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use

"
81,2026-06-19,"We just covered Donald Trump Stock Portfolio: 10 Best AI and Tech Stock Picks in 2026. Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) ranks #1 (see Donald Trump Stock P..."
82,2026-06-19,"When you think about PCs, especially on the heels of a huge show like Computex, there are probably a few key brands that come to mind: Microsoft, Asus, Acer, HP, Dell, and Lenovo, just to name a few. You might also consider brands like LG and Samsung, which are best known for TVs and appliances but also make robust laptops for everyone from students to business professionals. But there's another big AV company that used to make a popular PC brand, and you might not realize that this sub-brand still exists.
The Vaio brand is actually still going. Sony issued a press release way back in 2014 announcing that it would shift focus away from the PC business and into the mobile smartphone space. Sony has long since discontinued its Sony Ericsson phone brand. But while the Vaio brand left Sony's umbrella more than a decade ago, it's still very much around.
Why drop nearly a grand on a console when you can build a similarly-abled PC for the same price?
 Sony launched the Vaio PC brand in 1996, when the home PC market was hot and dial-up internet was starting to go mainstream. In the aforementioned press release, which discussed reforms to both the PC and TV businesses (Sony has recently announced a partnership with TCL for its TV business), the decision was made to transfer the Vaio business to a company established by private equity firm Japan Industrial Partners Inc. (JIP). The intention was for JIP to focus on consumer and corporate PCs sold solely within the Japanese market, optimizing sales channels and scaling operations. Further expansion was to be evaluated down the line.
So, as of Spring 2014, Sony itself stopped planning, designing, and developing PC products, and discontinued the manufacturing and sales of the Vaio brand. Sony did, however, retain a minority stake in the brand and still holds intellectual property rights for the Vaio brand and its logo. Vaio has been trucking along ever since. In 2025, a 91.4 percent stake of the company was sold by JIP to Nojima, a consumer electronics conglomerate that operates the Nojimi chain of retail stores and owns some satellite TV channels, purchased from Sony Pictures Entertainment. Sony continues to retain a 4.7 percent stake in the brand.
 As of 2023, Vaio notebook computers are still available in Japan and the U.S. They are also sold in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, China, India, Malaysia, Mexico, Singapore, Taiwan, and Uruguay. In the U.S., Vaio business products are sold by Canon USA.
The hardware marks a big change in Vaio's history, which began with the PCV series of desktop PCs that sold from 1996 through 2005. By 2005, Vaio introduced media center PCs along with all-in-one computers. The L-series model, introduced in 2006, was among the first with a touchscreen display. It also had a built-in TV tuner and Sony's Living Room PC. Vaio eventually went portable with various notebook models, starting as early as the 505 series in 1997, which had a 10.4-inch or 12.1-inch display, an external floppy disk drive, and a CD drive. By 2013, Sony had just seven products along with some hybrid tablet/PC devices. Sony even had a Club Vaio community where enthusiasts could access updates, support, and more.
You won't find Vaio PCs widely available in stores in North America, and no desktop PCs at all (which some believe are overrated anyway, aside from for special functions like gaming). They are mostly sold directly, though you can find them on Amazon or Best Buy, sold mainly online. According to the Vaio website, five PCs are being made and sold under the FS series. There are 16-inch and 14-inch touch-enabled and non-touch-enabled models running Windows 11 Home with either an Intel Core Ultra 7 processor or Intel Core i5 processor. The fifth model is a 14.1-inch Windows 11 Home PC with an Intel Core i3 processor, likely the option for students. All five have aluminum frames.
There are lease-to-own options for shoppers, and, at the time of this writing, also five certified renewed products for sale. Two are in the FS series, and the others are in the SX and SX-R series, all with Intel processors. So, it's a pared-down, simple line that, according to the website, aims to demonstrate ""the traditional values of a Japanese manufacturer."" Interestingly, the website also notes that the brand is ""proud to not be trendy,"" leaning into its ""unremarkable"" but functional laptops.
 Despite being considered a forgotten brand, Vaio was actually the first to introduce a lot of features to the mainstream, like a built-in webcam with the Vaio C1 PictureBook subnotebook in 1998, the chiclet keyboard in the Vaio X505 in 2004, and the Vaio TR series with XBRITE technology, a variation of smoothing and anti-reflection that is pretty common on computer screens nowadays through the integration of similar technologies. Sony's Vaio AR series was also the first computer to add a Blu-ray Disc burner, right in the middle of the Blu-ray vs. HD-DVD format war (if you were around at that time, as I was, you know Blu-ray was clearly going to win).
Thus, while Vaio is probably the last brand that comes to mind when you think of a PC, unless you happened to own one back in the day and are waxing poetic, it's still alive and kicking. And, more importantly, the Sony Vaio brand played a huge role in shaping the computer as we know it today.
The Vaio brand is still alive and kicking with models like the Vaio FS, which has an Intel Core Ultra 7 processor and Windows 11 Home alongside 32GB RAM, 2TB storage, an FHD touch display, and THX Spatial Audio. With an all-aluminum chassis and features like Windows Hello IR, this is a pretty powerful laptop to rival the trendier brands.
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved
This space is open for discussion.
Be the first to share your thoughts.
"
83,2026-06-19,"Michael Saylor, chairman of crypto firm Strategy (NASDAQ: $MSTR ), has commented, albeit briefly, on the continued selloff of the company’s preferred stock. 
On social media, Saylor wrote: “Markets are closed today. Volatility is never easy. Bitcoin keeps working. So do we. Thank you for your support.”
The post, which was made on the Juneteenth holiday, is the only public comment made by Saylor or Strategy concerning the crash in the company’s preferred stock (NASDAQ: $STRC ), known as “Stretch.” 
On June 18, the preferred stock’s price fell to an all-time low of $83 U.S. before ending the trading session at $88 U.S. 
It is the first time that the preferred stock has finished trading below its initial public offering (IPO) price of $90 U.S.
The preferred stock pays a high dividend to shareholders that currently yields 13%. The stock is also meant to maintain a stable price of around $100 U.S.
However, Stretch has now lost its par value and fallen below $90 U.S., raising concerns among investors and analysts. 
Analysts say there are growing concerns about the dividend’s sustainability, especially after Strategy moved earlier in June to start paying distributions twice per month.
Strategy launched the preferred stock in July 2025 to raise funds for its Bitcoin purchases. But in late May, the company was forced to sell 32 Bitcoin to help fund the dividend on STRC stock. 
People had been calling on social media for Michael Saylor to address the current situation with STRC stock and the dividend’s sustainability. His brief comment will have to suffice for now. 
MSTR stock has declined 28% this year to trade at $112.53 U.S. per share."
84,2026-06-19,"The proposed funds would allocate stock dividends to Bitcoin-linked investments, using a dividend reinvestment strategy to build crypto exposure over time.
Global asset manager Franklin Templeton has filed for two exchange-traded funds (ETFs) designed to convert dividend income from US stocks into Bitcoin exposure, according to a June 18 filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
The proposed Franklin US Equity Bitcoin DRIP Index ETF and Franklin US Innovation Bitcoin DRIP Index ETF would track indexes that systematically reinvest stock dividends into a Bitcoin allocation, creating a rules-based Bitcoin exposure alongside traditional equity holdings.
According to the filing, the funds would launch with a 5% allocation to Bitcoin exposure and a 95% allocation to US equities. Under the index methodology, regular and special dividends from the stock holdings would be reinvested into the index's Bitcoin allocation, while quarterly rebalances would maintain the Bitcoin allocation within predefined limits.
The filing states that the funds may gain Bitcoin exposure through a range of instruments, including Bitcoin exchange-traded products, futures contracts, options and Bitcoin-backed depositary receipts. The funds may also hold certain Bitcoin-related investments through a wholly owned Cayman Islands subsidiary.
While the Equity ETF would track a broad US large-cap stock index, the Innovation ETF would track an index composed of the 100 largest non-financial companies listed on Nasdaq.
Both funds would be structured as passive index ETFs tracking proprietary VettaFi indexes. The filing states that the underlying indexes would be rebalanced quarterly and reconstituted semiannually.
Related: Bitcoin taps $63K on Juneteenth as July Fed rate-hike odds near 40%
Franklin Templeton's filing comes as asset managers increasingly experiment with Bitcoin investment products that extend beyond traditional spot ETFs.
Much of that innovation has focused on income generation. In January, BlackRock filed for the iShares Bitcoin Premium Income ETF, which would use an options strategy tied to Bitcoin and its spot Bitcoin ETF to generate additional returns. 
Goldman Sachs followed in April with plans for a Bitcoin income ETF that would invest in spot Bitcoin exchange-traded products and sell call options against those holdings to generate yield while reducing sensitivity to Bitcoin's price swings. 
The following month, Hamilton ETFs entered the market with a proposed leveraged Bitcoin income fund in Canada built around covered-call strategies and short-term options contracts.
Franklin Templeton's filings come amid weaker demand for US spot Bitcoin ETFs, which recorded six consecutive weeks of net outflows between May 15 and June 18, according to SoSoValue data. 
US spot Bitcoin ETF weekly net flows. Source: SoSoValue
Magazine: Bitcoin, the ‘canary in the coal mine,’ XRP transaction demand falls 91.5%: Market Moves
More on the subject
Cointelegraph is committed to providing independent, high-quality journalism across the crypto, blockchain, AI, and fintech industries.
All news, reviews, and analyses are produced with full journalistic independence and integrity. For more details on our standards and processes, please read our Editorial Policy."
85,2026-06-19,"
Sign up with your email below to instantly access member features, newsletters and exclusive Insider perks


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest in phones
News, deals, reviews, guides and more…
Latest in computing
News, deals, reviews, guides and more on the newest computing gadgets

Start exploring exclusive deals, expert advice and more


Member Rewards


Unlock and manage exclusive Techradar member rewards.

Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
Plus pro tips on how to choose

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Brace yourselves: we're heading for another heatwave. If you're wondering if it's time to invest in some portable air conditioning, I'd suggest getting on it sooner rather than later. Units start selling out every time the temperatures begin to rise, and stocks have barely had time to replenish after the last heatwave a few weeks ago. Below, I've rounded up the models that are currently available to buy. I've stuck to trusted appliance brands — there are more options available at Amazon from brands I haven't heard of, and if you want to risk it with those, that's on you.
A few housekeeping notes before we dive in. I've split these picks into 10,000 BTU and above, and less than 10,000 BTU. This stands for British Thermal Units, and is how we measure air con capacity. The higher the number, the larger the room the unit can cool. We suggest opting for a minimum of 10,000 BTU — and if you have a large room to cool, you'll want to go higher.
Your air con unit needs somewhere to live, and it needs to be near a plug socket and a window.. Said window is where the duct will hang out, expelling the warm air, and you'll need to block off that window when the unit is in place; most models come with some kind of kit to help you do this. Also remember that air conditioner units can get very heavy, so have a plan for navigating any stairs — some retailers offer an unpacking service. Further to that, don't expect to be regularly moving your AC from room to room once you've set it up.
 



Follow TechRadar on Google News and add us as a preferred source to get our expert news, reviews, and opinion in your feeds.
Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
Ruth is TechRadar's Collections Editor, responsible for masterminding TechRadar's approach towards the new Collections format — a themed, curated selection of product recommendations designed to provide readers with an exciting new way to shop for the very best new gadgets and gizmos.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

TechRadar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
86,2026-06-19,"Frank Lampard has already managed in the Premier League with Everton and Chelsea
Coventry City manager Frank Lampard has held positive talks over a new contract.
The 47-year-old led the Sky Blues to Premier League promotion last season, winning the Championship title in the process.
But his existing deal expires at the end of next season, and Lampard's success at Coventry has seen his stock rise considerably and attracted interest from other clubs, including Fulham.
However, talks over a new deal at the Midlands club are under way and have been described as positive amid hope a final agreement can be reached before the start of the new campaign.
Speaking following Coventry's promotion in April, Lampard said:.""There's a lot of work to do because we know the step up it will be for the football club.
""That's something we have to work on quickly now because of where we're at. We have to be ambitious. I know what the Premier League is and it's going to be a challenge. We can enjoy the moment for the next two weeks but of course we have to work behind the scenes to ensure we go up in the right way.""
Lampard replaced Mark Robins as Sky Blues manager in November 2024 when the club were 17th in the Championship, just two points above the relegation zone.
Coventry won 16 out of the remaining 29 matches in the Championship that season, finishing in fifth place and earning a place in the play-offs. They eventually lost 3-2 on aggregate to Sunderland in the play-off semi-finals.
Lampard then led them to the Championship title, winning 28 matches - the most Coventry have ever managed in a league season - and ending a 25-year wait for top-flight football.
The former England midfielder started his managerial career at Derby County, before spells at Chelsea (twice) and Everton.
Follow Coventry City on BBC Sounds
Pre-match, post-match and topical Sky Blues content
 
Subscribe and listen for everything you love about Coventry
Latest Coventry City news, analysis and fan views
https://www.bbc.co.uk/send/u239873949
Flawed but relentless Scotland show themselves as men of substance
Brazil cruise past Haiti to go top of World Cup group - reaction
Clark in control of US Open as wind derails McIlroy and Scheffler
All the FIFA World Cup 2026 goals in one place
The creation of West Germany's iconic 1990 football shirt
Watch all episodes of the hit comedy on BBC iPlayer now
Dermot O'Leary's striking mix of 90s football songs
Fifa alters how World Cup tables work - it changes everything
Stick or twist? Rashford and Guehi are Tuchel's big dilemmas
Nike v Adidas - the World Cup brand battle
Who's the Bos? - meet 2026 World Cup's fastest player
A day of tears, scuffles & history as injury mars Canada's moment
Sutton's World Cup score predictions - second group games
Most shots? Best dribbler? World Cup so far in numbers 
Tactical analysis: England look exciting but how can they tighten up?
'I never imagined something like this' - Nadal reflects on Wimbledon 2008 win
'The team needs to score, not you' - Ronaldo struggles as rivals sparkle 
Project Mbappe - the road to becoming France's record scorer
Fifa World Cup team guide
Play BBC Sport's new World Cup predictor game
Copyright Â© 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking."
87,2026-06-19,"Is CIFR a good stock to buy? We came across a bullish thesis on Cipher Digital Inc. on TradersPro’s Substack. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ t..."
88,2026-06-19,"Is CAI a good stock to buy? We came across a bullish thesis on Caris Life Sciences, Inc. on InfoArb Sheets’s Substack. In this article, we will summarize the..."
89,2026-06-19,"

      Business
  



      Business
  

FILE PHOTO: The Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is seen in New York City, U.S., November 15, 2022. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
NEW YORK, June 19 : Investors are seeking signs that the U.S. stock market rally fueled by artificial intelligence has more life left in it, and the upcoming Micron Technology earnings will check the pulse of chip demand to see if it is still accelerating.
Despite a sharp mid-week selloff, major U.S. stock indexes are hovering near all-time highs, supported by robust corporate earnings driven by an AI investment boom and relief from the Iran war.
Micron's shares are up 298 per cent this year, and the memory chip maker's quarterly report on Wednesday, June 24, will help investors gauge whether the surge in spending on data centers and the resulting profits generated across the semiconductor sector can continue to surprise to the upside.
""There’s been a lot of momentum here recently,"" said Andy Pratt, director of investment strategy at Burney Company. ""This AI trend is something that’s continued, and honestly, what we see with this revenue surprise signal that we monitor is there's still a lot of juice.""


CNA Games






Guess Word
Crack the word, one row at a time







Buzzword
Create words using the given letters







Mini Sudoku
Tiny puzzle, mighty brain teaser







Mini Crossword
Small grid, big challenge







Word Search
Spot as many words as you can






      Show More
  




      Show Less
  


Apple has agreed to partner with Intel to design and manufacture chips in the U.S., which could significantly boost the chipmaker's turnaround efforts. That helped to lift the S&P 500 nearly 1 per cent so far this week, on pace for a second weekly gain.Meanwhile, the Philadelphia SE Semiconductor index hit a record high and was last up 7 per cent for the week.LOOKING FOR REINFORCEMENTSThe stakes are high. Micron's earnings come at a time when valuations are elevated and investors are questioning whether the rally is overextended. Any indication of underlying demand and continued AI-related spending strength could give investors confidence to keep stoking the rally.Micron's earnings are ""setting up as a classic positive feedback loop,"" said Steve Kolano, chief investment officer at Integrated Partners. ""That really seems to be kind of the only game in town. ... If you look at the book to bill of semiconductor companies right now and the backlog, the demand is just through the roof in relation to chip capacity.""Big Tech has signaled that AI spending is not slowing, set to rise past $700 billion this year from $400 billion in 2025.MACRO BACKDROP STILL LOOMSAlthough the AI narrative has dominated markets, underlying macroeconomic concerns remain. The Federal Reserve's preferred inflation measure is due next week. So, too, is a final reading on first-quarter GDP. Both reports will provide checks on the health of the U.S. consumer and economic growth.Second-quarter earnings growth for the S&P 500 is estimated at 22.9 per cent, down from 29.3 per cent in the first quarter, according to data provided by Tajinder Dhillon, head of earnings research at LSEG.Drew Matus, chief market strategist at MetLife Investment Management, said strong equity markets have been one of the main supports for consumers, and anything that challenges the AI trade or the continued rise in stocks is being closely watched.""It has not just been market effects but macroeconomic effects at this point,"" he said. ""We’re definitely worried about the wealth effect going away and what that might mean.""For now, the consensus is that the AI trade remains intact, with little sign of slowing. Newly public SpaceX has reinforced that momentum, and Nasdaq's inclusion of more AI and chip infrastructure names like Astera Labs and CoreWeave will force index funds to buy in.""The way I would view this is,"" said Burney's Pratt, ""you could continue betting on these companies kind of until proven otherwise."" 
Apple has agreed to partner with Intel to design and manufacture chips in the U.S., which could significantly boost the chipmaker's turnaround efforts. That helped to lift the S&P 500 nearly 1 per cent so far this week, on pace for a second weekly gain.
Meanwhile, the Philadelphia SE Semiconductor index hit a record high and was last up 7 per cent for the week.
LOOKING FOR REINFORCEMENTS
The stakes are high. Micron's earnings come at a time when valuations are elevated and investors are questioning whether the rally is overextended. Any indication of underlying demand and continued AI-related spending strength could give investors confidence to keep stoking the rally.
Micron's earnings are ""setting up as a classic positive feedback loop,"" said Steve Kolano, chief investment officer at Integrated Partners. ""That really seems to be kind of the only game in town. ... If you look at the book to bill of semiconductor companies right now and the backlog, the demand is just through the roof in relation to chip capacity.""
Big Tech has signaled that AI spending is not slowing, set to rise past $700 billion this year from $400 billion in 2025.
MACRO BACKDROP STILL LOOMS
Although the AI narrative has dominated markets, underlying macroeconomic concerns remain. The Federal Reserve's preferred inflation measure is due next week. So, too, is a final reading on first-quarter GDP. Both reports will provide checks on the health of the U.S. consumer and economic growth.
Second-quarter earnings growth for the S&P 500 is estimated at 22.9 per cent, down from 29.3 per cent in the first quarter, according to data provided by Tajinder Dhillon, head of earnings research at LSEG.
Drew Matus, chief market strategist at MetLife Investment Management, said strong equity markets have been one of the main supports for consumers, and anything that challenges the AI trade or the continued rise in stocks is being closely watched.
""It has not just been market effects but macroeconomic effects at this point,"" he said. ""We’re definitely worried about the wealth effect going away and what that might mean.""
For now, the consensus is that the AI trade remains intact, with little sign of slowing. Newly public SpaceX has reinforced that momentum, and Nasdaq's inclusion of more AI and chip infrastructure names like Astera Labs and CoreWeave will force index funds to buy in.
""The way I would view this is,"" said Burney's Pratt, ""you could continue betting on these companies kind of until proven otherwise."" 



      Subscribe to our Chief Editor’s Week in Review
  

      Our chief editor shares analysis and picks of the week's biggest news every Saturday.
  
Get our pick of top stories and thought-provoking articles in your inbox
Stay updated with notifications for breaking news and our best stories
Get WhatsApp alerts
Join our channel for the top reads for the day on your preferred chat app
Copyright© Mediacorp 2026. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved.
We know it's a hassle to switch browsers but we want your experience with CNA to be fast, secure and the best it can possibly be.
To continue, upgrade to a supported browser or, for the finest experience, download the mobile app.
Upgraded but still having issues? Contact us"
90,2026-06-19,"
Join the club for quick access. Enter your email below and we'll send confirmation, and sign you up to our newsletter.


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest about Microsoft
Updates, launches and rumors.
Latest about AI.
AI updates, how-tos and comparisons in one place.

Explore your membership benefits.


Stay Ahead with Windows Central


Get the biggest gaming news, reviews, and releases straight to your inbox.

All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
The global RAM crisis makes this XPS 13 an absolute steal.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

It feels like PC prices are climbing by the day, so it's refreshing to see a premium laptop like the XPS 13 on sale for $999.99. For that price, you get a Snapdragon X Elite and a whopping 32GB of RAM. At a time when laptop makers are resurrecting options with just 8GB of RAM for only a little bit less, the XPS 13 is quite the bargain.
""The Dell XPS 13 with Snapdragon is a fantastic laptop. It's an ultraportable machine that's now more capable than ever thanks to that Snapdragon X Elite. It lasts all day and can handle most tasks with ease. It runs quiet for the most part, and looks super stylish and unlike any other laptop on the market."" ~ Zac Bowden, Senior Editor
Windows Central review: ⭐⭐⭐⭐
 



Our Alexander Cope highlighted the best XPS discounts available through Dell right now, but the savings on the XPS 13 stood out. Getting any PC with 32GB of RAM for under $1,000 is rare these days, let alone an excellent laptop.
The XPS 13 easily delivers all-day battery life. It managed over 19.5 hours in a battery test done for our XPS 13 review. Of course, your results will vary depending on your workload. That test ran Microsoft Office on a loop. But even in real-world usage, our Zac Bowden took about 10 hours of constant heavy use to drain the XPS 13 from 100% to 15%.
This XPS 13 has the futuristic design many have come to know and love. That means a zero-lattice keyboard, a haptic trackpad, and extremely thin bezels. It's the pinnacle of this era of XPS computing, packing power and performance into a compact form factor unlike anything else on the market.
I don't want to bore you with a history lesson of the XPS lineup. Instead, I'll just say the new XPS 13 that came out this year is very different and aimed at a different type of customer.
The XPS 13 that's on sale for $999.99 has a Snapdragon X Elite processor, 32GB of RAM, and 512GB of storage. It pairs those internals with a lovely 2K, 120Hz display that can reach 500 nits of brightness.
If you want to upgrade, models with other display options are also $400 off. The 3K OLED screen is worth a hard look.
I love this version of the XPS 13. It took Dell years of refinement to get here, and the laptop maker should be proud. For my money, this XPS 13 is worth more than the new XPS 13 or any other laptop at this price.
Yes, the vast majority of them will. Mainstream apps like Microsoft Office, Google Chrome, Spotify, Zoom, and Adobe Photoshop run natively on this Dell XPS 13. Many legacy apps can run through emulation if needed.
The only major exceptions are apps requiring kernel-level drivers, such as certain third-party antivirus programs or games utilizing anti-cheat software. 
No, the 32GB of RAM is completely soldered to the motherboard and cannot be upgraded.
This XPS 13 has two USB4 Type-C ports (one on each side) that support data transfer, Power Delivery for charging, and DisplayPort for external monitors.
 



Join us on Reddit at r/WindowsCentral to share your insights and discuss our latest news, reviews, and more.
Sean Endicott is a news writer and apps editor for Windows Central with 11+ years of experience. A Nottingham Trent journalism graduate, Sean has covered the industry’s arc from the Lumia era to the launch of Windows 11 and generative AI. Having started at Thrifter, he uses his expertise in price tracking to help readers find genuine hardware value.
Beyond tech news, Sean is a UK sports media pioneer. In 2017, he became one of the first to stream via smartphone and is an expert in AP Capture systems. A tech-forward coach, he was named 2024 BAFA Youth Coach of the Year. He is focused on using technology—from AI to Clipchamp—to gain a practical edge.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
91,2026-06-19,"The digital credit market suffered one of its sharpest selloffs to date on Thursday, with Strive Asset Management CEO Matt Cole describing the move as a leverage-driven liquidation rather than a sign of weakening credit fundamentals.
Cole said it was ""the most difficult day in the history of Digital Credit,"" in a post on X, as Strategy's preferred equity STRC fell as low as $82.50 before recovering to $89, while Strive's SATA dropped from its par value fell below $93 before rebounding to $97. Both products are designed to trade close to their $100 par value
""What happened today was a leverage liquidation event, not a deterioration in underlying credit quality,"" Cole wrote.
Investors attracted by the sector's relatively high yields (both products offer over double digit yields) increasingly used leverage to enhance returns, according to Cole. When prices began falling, margin calls triggered forced selling, creating a self-reinforcing decline detached from the underlying creditworthiness of issuers.
""There is an old saying in income markets that the road to hell is paved with carry,"" he said.
Cole compared the episode to historical hedge fund blowups involving leveraged U.S. Treasury positions, noting that Treasury securities themselves remained strong credits despite periods of market stress.
""Our dividend reserves remain intact. Our company is not under stress,"" Cole said, adding that the firm's underlying credit profile remains largely unchanged.
The sharp rebound from intraday lows suggests buyers stepped in aggressively as prices declined. ""Both STRC and SATA experienced significant buying interest off their intraday lows,"" Cole noted.
""A liquidation event and a credit event are not the same thing,"" he added, maintaining his long-term conviction in digital credit despite the market turbulence.
In May, combined exchange volumes fell 3.45% to $4.41T; the lowest since September 2024. RWA perpetual futures volumes rose 10.4% against the trend, hitting a new all-time high.
In May, combined exchange volumes fell 3.45% to $4.41T; the lowest since September 2024. RWA perpetual futures volumes rose 10.4% against the trend, hitting a new all-time high.
Why it matters:
In May, combined exchange volumes fell 3.45% to $4.41T; the lowest since September 2024. RWA perpetual futures volumes rose 10.4% against the trend, hitting a new all-time high.
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
92,2026-06-19,"Plus: Amazon workers who backed data center limits face potential termination.
This is today's edition of The Download, our weekday newsletter that provides a daily dose of what's going on in the world of technology.
AI startup Subquadratic came out of stealth last month with a huge claim: it had solved a mathematical bottleneck that had held back large language models for almost a decade.
The purported breakthrough comes from slashing the number of computations transformers need to carry out to generate answers. The result is a faster and cheaper LLM that uses far less energy than any other model on the market.
Many experts remained skeptical—but Subquadratic has started to share the receipts. They suggest that their approach might be worth paying attention to.
Here’s how the system works—and why some researchers still aren’t convinced.
—Will Douglas Heaven
—Jessica Hamzelou
This week, I covered the story of Casey Harrell—a man with ALS who is “the first power user” of a brain implant. The device has enabled him to maintain an income, reconnect with friends and family, and read to his daughter. He told me that it’s “nothing short of revolutionary.” 
Over the past couple of years, the number of BCI trial volunteers has soared. This year, China became the first country to approve a BCI for medical use. Advances in technology are allowing engineers to provide more features than ever. BCI research is properly taking off.
Find out how the technology is edging from the lab towards the market.This story is from The Checkup, our weekly newsletter giving you the inside track on all things biotech. Sign up to receive it in your inbox every Thursday.
The must-reads
I’ve combed the internet to find you today’s most fun/important/scary/fascinating stories about technology.
1 Amazon workers who backed data center limits may face terminationThe engineers say they’re under investigation by the company. (NYT $)+ And could face discipline, including potential termination. (The Verge)+They had testified at meetings about pausing data centers. (CNBC)+ They’ve filed a joint complaint to Seattle’s Office for Civil Rights. (Wired $)2 A new fossil discovery has rewritten 150 years of evolutionary theoryIt suggests early land vertebrates skipped the tadpole stage. (New Scientist $)+ And raises questions about how vertebrates adapted to land. (404 Media)+ Sponges may have been the first animals. (MIT Technology Review) 3 Bernie Sanders plans to give the public direct ownership of AI firmsHe’s unveiled new legislation to create an AI sovereign wealth fund. (AP News)+ It would be funded through a one-time tax on AI companies’ stock. (Quartz)+ And make annual payments directly to Americans. (Washington Post $)  4 Investors in China secretly acquired stakes in SpaceX before its IPOOne had ties to Chinese military contractors. (ProPublica)+ The US fears China has got one of ASML’s top machines. (Reuters $) 5 Researchers have figured out Russia's nuclear-powered missileThey call it “a terrible idea”—but not an impossible one. (NPR)+ NASA is building a nuclear reactor-powered spacecraft. (MIT Technology Review) 6 Longevity medicine faces a do-or-die moment in a landmark trialIt will test whether cellular aging can be safely reversed in humans. (Axios)+ The next step is “chemical reprogramming.” (MIT Technology Review) 7 Studies suggest AI may already be deskilling professionalsOver-reliance appears to weaken doctors’ and engineers’ abilities. (Nature) 8 Tech workers who maxed out their AI use are now trying to minimize itSpiralling costs mean “tokenminning” has replaced “tokenmaxxing.” (NYT $) 9 Scientists say the human genome’s structure may confound AI modelsWhich would constrain AI-based models of biology and disease. (Quanta)10 A new robotic self-driving toilet brings the bathroom to youThe Xiaoban also cleans up and empties itself all on its own. (The Verge)
Quote of the day
—Donald Trump mocks Mark Zuckerberg and Jeff Bezos in a conversation with Elon Musk that’s recounted in a new book, Wired reports. 
One More Thing
The pandemic exposed the weak spots in our interconnected food system. They’re the result of decades’ worth of technological advances, from globe-spanning shipping to refrigeration networks. But technology is not inherently opposed to sustainable and resilient food systems.
Powerful technologies like genetic modification can create stronger local agriculture and a healthier food system—but they normally aren’t. The challenge is ensuring they serve food security and human well-being, rather than simply maximizing profits.
Dive into our food system’s problems and the solutions that technology can provide.
—Fabio Parasecoli
We can still have nice things
A place for comfort, fun, and distraction to brighten up your day. (Got any ideas? Drop me a line.)
+ This intriguing video tracks the covert reality of Japan's shinobi.+ Dive into this admirably obsessive archive covering over 100 different ways to tie your shoes.+ One of the world’s largest digital collections of plants and fungi is now available for free to everyone.+ A grand orchestra has beautifully covered Michael Jackson’s ""Human Nature"" at Abbey Road Studios. 
Plus: China has blocked Meta’s $2 billion acquisition of AI startup Manus.
Plus: An unauthorized group has reportedly accessed Anthropic’s Mythos.
Plus: Anthropic has called for a global slowdown in AI development.
Plus: DeepSeek has unveiled its long-awaited new AI model.
Discover special offers, top stories,
            upcoming events, and more.
Thank you for submitting your email!
It looks like something went wrong.

                We’re having trouble saving your preferences.
                Try refreshing this page and updating them one
                more time. If you continue to get this message,
                reach out to us at
                customer-service@technologyreview.com with a list of newsletters you’d like to receive.

© 2026 MIT Technology Review"
93,2026-06-19,
94,2026-06-19,"Is BRBR a good stock to buy? We came across a bullish thesis on BellRing Brands, Inc. on r/ValueInvesting by balance_sheet_bro. In this article, we will summ..."
95,2026-06-19,Stock report from Philadelphia’s OTAs and mandatory minicamp (Part 2 of 3).
96,2026-06-19,"News
Donald Trump, President of the United States, says that Apple has complied to work with Intel to create some of their chips for the U.S. Intel’s stock increased by 9% after the comments made by the President, with Apple increasing by .6%.
Intel and Apple have not commented officially on the statement made, but it was announced that Intel and Apple have both confirmed an agreement that would have Intel create processors for devices for Apple.
Intel will be manufacturing chips based on Apple’s chip designs, similarly to how TSMC does it. Past rumors on the talks between the two hint that Intel could be manufacturing the low-end processors for Apple products, like the lowest chip from the M-series that is used in certain models for the Mac and iPad.
Apple is looking to diversify its supply chain, as TSMC is its only supplier for Apple Silicon as of now.



iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc.
Sign in to your account

Username or Email Address



Password


 Remember Me



"
