,date,content
0,2026-09-10,"With the iPhone Duo, Apple has pulled off a familiar trick. It arrives into a mature Android foldable market with a handful of hardware features we've mostly already seen elsewhere, but paired with a level of software polish that makes a lot of them feel new …"
1,2026-09-10,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
She wanted cash flow, not another job.
Copied to clipboard

		Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.	
Four years ago, one of our clients in her early 30s came to us with $30,000 and a simple ask. She wanted her money working for her without turning into a second career. No inventory to manage, no customer service tickets to answer at midnight and no learning curve on Amazon’s backend. Just a real asset that produced real income, month after month, while she kept living her life.
That’s exactly what a managed storefront was built to do.
At Elite Automation, we don’t sell “ecommerce businesses,” and we don’t do dropshipping in the way most people picture it. What we build is a fully managed, cash-flowing storefront on Amazon’s infrastructure. Our team handles sourcing, fulfillment, pricing and day-to-day account management. The client owns the account, owns the revenue stream and owns the asset. We operate it so she doesn’t have to.
That difference really does matter. It’s the difference between owning a job and owning an asset. A side hustle demands your time, but a managed digital asset demands your capital and then gets out of your way.
Her store isn’t a fluke or a one-month spike. Pulling from her own profit tracker, here’s what a recent month looked like in April:
And that wasn’t an outlier. The two months before it told a similar story, with revenue consistently landing in six figures and net profit tracking in the five-figure range each month, ROI holding steady in the high teens to low 20s. This is what four years of consistent operation looks like when the fundamentals are sound and the store is being actively managed by people who do this full time.
That’s the part people underestimate. It’s not one big win — it’s the same disciplined process repeated order after order, month after month, until the compounding becomes obvious on paper.
Most high-income professionals we work with already have money in real estate, in the stock market and in their own primary business. Those are good things to own. But they’re also correlated in ways people don’t always think about, and none of them are exactly hands off.
A managed Amazon storefront is a different kind of asset. It doesn’t move with the stock market. It doesn’t require you to be a landlord. It doesn’t compete for your time the way your own business does. For our client, it became a genuine fourth pillar, something generating steady monthly cash flow in a lane completely separate from everything else in her portfolio.
That’s the real value of a managed asset. Not that it replaces what you already have, but that it fills a gap none of your other investments can.
She didn’t start with a huge war chest. She started with $30,000 and a decision to deploy that capital into something built and operated by people who do this every single day. She never had to become an Amazon expert. She never had to learn fulfillment logistics or supplier negotiations. She just had to trust the process and let it compound.
Four years in, that decision is still paying off, literally, every month.
If you’ve got capital sitting idle and you’re tired of the idea that growing it has to cost you your time, this is what the alternative looks like. Not a side hustle and certainly not another full-time job, but rather a managed digital asset quietly doing its job in the background of a full life.
Diversification isn’t really about chasing more; it’s about not having all of your outcomes tied to the same set of variables. Most people’s version of “diversified” is still just different flavors of the same risk: a primary business that depends on their own time and energy, a stock portfolio that moves with the broader market, maybe a rental property that comes with its own version of a second job. 
None of that is wrong, but none of it is actually independent either. True diversification means having at least one asset in your life that doesn’t rise and fall with the same forces as everything else you own, something that isn’t waiting on you to log in, make a call, or put in hours to keep producing. That’s the piece most portfolios are missing: not another version of what they already have, but something genuinely uncorrelated to it.
Four years ago, one of our clients in her early 30s came to us with $30,000 and a simple ask. She wanted her money working for her without turning into a second career. No inventory to manage, no customer service tickets to answer at midnight and no learning curve on Amazon’s backend. Just a real asset that produced real income, month after month, while she kept living her life.
That’s exactly what a managed storefront was built to do.
At Elite Automation, we don’t sell “ecommerce businesses,” and we don’t do dropshipping in the way most people picture it. What we build is a fully managed, cash-flowing storefront on Amazon’s infrastructure. Our team handles sourcing, fulfillment, pricing and day-to-day account management. The client owns the account, owns the revenue stream and owns the asset. We operate it so she doesn’t have to.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
2,2026-09-10,"YouTube creator Markiplier doesn't like GoPro's plans to merge with an optical transceiver company, though he stands to get a $15 million check from the deal.
""I'm not going to lie, I'm disappointed,"" he told Business Insider. ""I would vote against the deal.""
Markiplier, whose real name is Mark Fischbach, runs a YouTube channel with nearly 40 million subscribers. He's also a filmmaker who wrote, directed, and starred in the early 2026 box-office hit ""Iron Lung.""
A self-described lens obsessive, his stake in GoPro reached 8.5% in July. He said he built his position after learning GoPro was introducing a new camera with capabilities similar to those of a professional cinema product. He became GoPro's largest external shareholder and sparked a meme-stock rally when he did an interview with Bloomberg about his investment in August.
Days after the interview, GoPro announced plans to merge with Starman Optical. Should the deal go through, Markiplier would receive a cash payment of around $15 million ($1.14 for each of his 13.5 million shares), according to the merger terms. Existing shareholders would also retain about 10% of the company after the deal.
If Markiplier bought all of his GoPro shares on July 13, the day he hit 8.5% ownership, his profit from the cash payout would be around $5 million. His potential profit may be smaller if he accumulated some of those shares earlier, when the stock price was higher. Fischbach did not respond to a request for more information on how much he would take home from the proposed merger.
GoPro's stock closed at $1.42 per share on Wednesday.
Despite a potential windfall, Fischbach said he's worried the company will lose its camera focus and move into optical connectors for AI data centers or other unrelated business lines flagged in the merger announcement.
""I want this camera company to succeed,"" he said.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
A GoPro spokesperson said the company plans to continue investing in consumer and professional cameras, pointing to a September 3 letter from founder and CEO Nick Woodman, in which he wrote that making cameras was part of the company's ""core DNA and reason for being.""
As of May, Woodman had about 62% voting power over the company, meaning his support for the Starman merger would override objections from other shareholders.
Markiplier is part of a growing class of YouTube millionaires who are turning to investing to build wealth. Content creators, like Hollywood celebrities, can inspire hype for a company or stock simply by talking about it.
YouTuber Logan Paul helped drum up interest in buying Pokémon cards last year after posting about his rare Pikachu card, for example. Snap's stock price fell in 2018 after Kylie Jenner posted on social media that she didn't open Snapchat anymore. Some influencers have come under scrutiny for hyping volatile assets like crypto coins.
""I knew that there would be some people that would want to invest as soon as they found out that I was,"" Fischbach said of his GoPro stake.
""I was trying to be very cognizant of that,"" he added, and said he ""never wanted to be in the position where people could think that I was manipulating in any way.""
When Markiplier became GoPro's largest external shareholder in July, he said he didn't immediately realize he needed to file a disclosure form with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
""It's not something where you get an email when you're like, 'You own more than 5%, you need to do a filing,'"" he said. ""You actually have to just look at the outstanding shares and just do a calculation on your own.""
Passive investors who cross 5% ownership in a company are obligated to file with the SEC within five business days. Markiplier's filing, which is dated August 20, says he crossed the 5% threshold on July 13.
His investment didn't become widely known until August 30, when his interview with Bloomberg was published.
""I just knew that when word got out, it would probably have an effect, but I didn't know it would have that dramatic of an effect,"" Fischbach said of the stock rally that followed. He said he didn't want to ""pump the stock,"" and that he hasn't sold his shares.
The speedy escalation of events, from his July investment to GoPro's September merger announcement, led some internet commentators to question his level of involvement with the company, particularly after he posted a sponsored video for GoPro in late August. (He later added a disclosure in the video's description, saying he was GoPro's ""largest shareholder."")
""I have thick skin about certain things, and I understand that the nuance can be lost,"" he said. ""I have no influence on the company. And to put it out there, I had no idea that this merger was happening, especially considering the way that it turned out.""
After releasing a movie earlier this year and becoming a main character in a meme-stock roller coaster, Fischbach said he's taking a step back to plan his next project.
As an investor, he's interested in companies that solve problems he's encountered as a content creator and filmmaker. Beyond GoPro, he recently invested in the video-editing data storage company Strada, for example.
""I try not to make investments in things that I don't understand,"" he said, adding that he looks for companies that are ""trying to make an impact so that more people can be creative.""
He's also beginning to think about his next project, though he said he's taking a moment to recover from all the work that went into ""Iron Lung.""
""I'm exhausted, but also I am very eager to get back into it,"" he said. ""I'm trying to take it one day at a time, but the to-do list piles up really quickly.""
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
3,2026-09-10,"Getting fired after a reorganization at his firm wasn't ideal, but Marty Yabrow and his wife, Angie, wanted to make the best of it, so in 2024 they booked a three-city trip to Europe. Then, one morning while Marty was filling out a planning spreadsheet with hotels and restaurants, Angie asked out of the blue, ""Why don't we just move there instead?"" Marty was quick to react.
""I deleted that spreadsheet, and I started a new one,"" he says.
Despite some initial misgivings from their financial advisor, Marty, 68, crunched the numbers and found that it was not only financially possible but also preferable to retire in France, since he and Angie, 73, would benefit from free healthcare. After selling their home in Atlanta, they moved to Paris in January 2025.
A growing number of Americans have been flocking to the French capital, seeking a better work-life balance, a slightly cheaper cost of living, or some distance from politics back home. And unlike previous generations of uber-wealthy Americans investing in pied-à-terre properties, more people are making a permanent move. In 2025, 15,388 Americans applied for a French residency permit, a 17.3% increase from the previous year.
Parisians, meanwhile, are ambivalent about welcoming the Yanks. On the downside, the new wave of Américains is driving up housing prices for locals investing in their own high-end properties. On the upside, the rush of real estate cash is creating new financial opportunities and greasing the wheels of the housing market as many French people look to downsize.
""Americans are among the biggest foreign buyers in France,"" says Maître Angélique Devaux, a notary in Paris.
They also tend to spend more: In Paris, one in four foreign buyers is American, and their average budget of 825,000 euros (roughly $950,000) exceeds the average value of both foreign and French purchases.
These new expats are seduced by the historic neighborhoods: Odéon and Saint-Germain-des-Prés on one side of the river, Le Marais and the Triangle d'Or on the other. They're interested in postcard Paris, says Guillaume de Blaÿ, managing partner at Barnes Bac-Varenne, a brokerage that has long served those looking for luxurious properties.
""Have you heard of 'Emily in Paris'? That's the sort of imagery I'm talking about,"" he says.
Like the titular Emily, American buyers are also up for an adventure. They're slowly looking further from the epicenter, venturing into neighborhoods where real (wealthy) Parisians live, such as Nouvelle Athènes and Montparnasse, close to bilingual schools and major parks. Some are even exploring the (chicer) suburbs. Regardless of where they settle, Americans are changing what is being sold and how.
The morning after the 2024 election, Margo woke up and quoted Freud to her husband: ""If one of us dies, I shall move to Paris."" They were both retired and already owned a vacation property in the south of France. Now it was time to make the definitive transatlantic move. By mid-November, Margo and her husband submitted a 700,000-euro offer for their new two-bedroom apartment near the Canal Saint-Martin, a neighborhood gentrified in the 2000s where, she says, the real Parisians live.
""The politics in the United States has got them crazy,"" says buyer's agent Adrian Leeds, who's been operating an all-inclusive, let's-move-you-to-France business for 30 years. ""They literally say that: Get me out of here.""
Beyond politics, a Parisian pad can also be a way for Americans to diversify their portfolio. Buying property in Paris isn't a lucrative investment, but it is a safe one. Values have increased by 1.1% over the past year, and 31% since 2016, with a 2 to 4% projected annual increase in the next decade. The return on investment, especially in the short- to mid-term, isn't great, since the transaction cost is around 8 to 9%, including taxes, disbursements, and notary fees. However, the two nearby airports make for a great European base, the city limits ensure constrained supply, and the historical preservation is attractive to long-term investors. It also allows American investors to hold assets not in US dollars, which can be a plus in times of volatility.
Far from being a luxury play, Paris can make more financial sense for some people. Compared with the French capital, cost-of-living measures show that major American cities like New York City and Los Angeles are more expensive to live in. Furthermore, education and healthcare are free, while Paris' walkability allows residents to save up on car payments. Finally, the bilateral tax treaty protects against double taxation, and since French salaries are significantly lower, Paris is even more attractive to Americans living on a US salary or retirees.
Michelle Trinh still lives in New York, but thanks to her newly purchased apartment in the Marais, she's ready to get on a plane at any time. She's renovating the studio and is hoping to rent it out until she makes the leap. Whenever she visits Paris, ""there's just like a weight that gets lifted off.""
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                  Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                
Trinh gained a following through her YouTube channel, where she documented her rocky apartment-hunting journey. She described to me what she saw as an attempt from a French agent to squeeze a little more money out of her Big Apple purse. During her search, she found a place that she liked and made an offer. It was 5,000 euros below another buyer's, but hers was all-cash. However, she learned that the seller's agent hadn't told their client about it, which she took as a tactic to pressure her into sweetening the deal.
""It's very well known within the industry that you can get a higher price from an American buyer,"" says Leeds.
Part of the reason Americans end up paying more is their unfamiliarity with the incredibly fragmented French real estate market. Instead of a single repository, listings are spread across dozens of mini-Zillows, which requires buyers to scour different sites to find what's available. French buyers also typically do not employ their own agents to avoid paying extra fees and usually deal directly with the seller's agent, whose commission is often factored into the listing price. This leads to dramatic information asymmetry. Americans tend to be naïve, Leeds says, and defer to the knowledgeable professional on the other side of the table.
""They trust the agent, and they shouldn't trust the agent,"" Leeds says. ""They represent the seller. They don't care what the buyer buys as long as they buy from them.""
The cardinal sin of the American buyer, according to French agents, is failing to negotiate. The typical transatlantic buyer wants features that few Parisian apartments possess — the holy trinity is air conditioning, an elevator, and two toilets — and they are typically on a tight timeline. This combination makes star-spangled buyers less price sensitive. Andrea Boström Mouls, director of a well-established brokerage called Varenne, notes that many of her American clients go apartment hunting in 10-day chunks between April and June, often extending their stay around the French Open tennis tournament at Roland Garros. The window of opportunity is short: Should the stars align within that timeframe, they're willing to act fast.
A big reason for this price blindness is that Americans work with an overall budget and a wish list rather than being sensitive to the number their French counterparts consider most important: price per square meter. French law requires floor-space measurements for all sales, and the Council of Notaries releases that data along with transaction prices and the number of rooms, making it easier to value properties and compare. The average price per square meter in the capital is 9 ,520 euros, but it jumps to more than 15,000 euros in the most expensive arrondissements.
""US buyers are disconnected from the market,"" said an agent based in the bourgeois part of the city. She recently sold an apartment listed at 7,900,000 euros for 7,700,000 euros. Great deal, right? Not really. The price per square meter ended up at 20,000 euros, whereas she had valued it at 17,000 euros.
The French opinion of the American takeover is varied. Leeds, who is an American transplant herself, has sensed some anger, but it's not necessarily Yank-specific.
""They're pissed off, and they have to blame somebody,"" says Leeds. ""And if it weren't Americans, it would be the Saudis, the Russians, or whoever.""
But some French agents disagree. They believe French and American clients aren't interested in the same apartments. Rather than directly affecting property value, foreign buyers' influence ricochets through the market as they create new opportunities.
Americans have also played a part in developing another strand of France's new real estate web: property flippers. French agents refer to them as ""merchants"" for marchands de biens. Americans want everything a traditional Parisian apartment lacks: renovated kitchens, en-suite bathrooms, and AC. So flippers step in to transform apartments into beige, two-toilet wonders with fashionable architectural renovations that look like five-star hotels. Frédérique Verrier-Pytel, associate director at Barnes Passy-la-Muette, a luxury international brokerage, tells me it's very clear who these fresh-faced places are targeting.
""French buyers, even the wealthiest, don't want to live around Trocadéro and aren't interested in apartments that feel like hotel suites,"" she says.
This new market, however, is having a trickle-down effect. Blaÿ recalls a property he listed on the rue de Varenne in the 7th arrondissement. Its floor plan mirrored that of an apartment on the same floor, which had been bought for 14,000 euros per square meter, renovated, and flipped at 25,000 euros per square meter. Using it as a benchmark, Blaÿ advertised his unrenovated listing at 17,000 euros per meter rather than 15,000.
Americans are also introducing some other new real estate features to their French counterparts. One is the buyer's agent — or property hunter. There are structural reasons for their rarity. For one, listing mandates are not exclusive, and agencies don't typically co-list. The buyer's agent is paid by the buyer as an added fee that makes little sense to the French, since they can comb through listings themselves. Second, much of the legal legwork that Americans would delegate to their agent is already handled by a notaire. French notaires are an essential and obligatory part of the process. They're an independent and neutral entity that takes time (a lot of it) to check land titles, look for mortgages, draft deeds, collect taxes, and register the new deed.
""The notary is not there to defend [the buyer]. They're there to defend the legality of the transaction,"" says Justyna Simmons, cofounder and director of Your Friend in Paris, a relocation agency.
Margo was aware of her vulnerability as a foreign buyer and found an answer to her prayers in the shape of Susan Lu, the silk-haired ""marvel"" who ferreted out her apartment. Lu is a buyer's agent at Parlez-moi de Paris. Besides finding listings and securing appointments, her job is to ask the right questions. Without her, Margo said, she would never have negotiated the listed price and would've spent 50,000 euros more as a result.
""I'm too old, and I don't want to pretend,"" says Margo. ""I don't want to spend the next 10 years becoming a real estate expert about Paris.""
While exact numbers are hard to come by, almost everyone in the Parisian real estate market says the number of buyer's agents has exploded over the past few years. To Leeds, who was among the first to occupy this niche 30 years ago, many of these newcomers are shockingly unqualified.
""People are just coming out of the woodwork, and they're doing podcasts and videos on YouTube and putting out a website and offering advice,"" she says. ""It's unbelievable.""
There's little sign that American buying will cool off anytime soon. Demand soared after the election and continues to rise, says Boström Mouls. Clients are even turning to co-ownership to share the costs of premium hotel-style apartments.
""It's nice, but I feel like Paris needs to remain a city for Parisians as well,"" says Boström Mouls. The Swedish-born, Paris-adopted agent wants to make sure the capital doesn't turn into more of a museum than a livable city.
From Atlanta to the 10th arrondissement, Angie and Marty are basking in their new lives. Despite the paperwork, their shipping container taking an unexpected six-week detour through Panama, and her French social security application requiring 12 document resubmissions via the Poste, their main regret is not moving earlier. I asked on a scale of 1 to 10, how would they rate their decision? Marty is quick to reply: ""Eleven, twelve!""

                        Business Insider's Discourse stories provide perspectives on the day's most pressing issues, informed by analysis, reporting, and expertise.
                        
Jump to"
4,2026-09-10,"Oracle Corp. reported growth in its cloud computing business that topped analysts’ estimates, suggesting the company’s large AI data center projects are help..."
5,2026-09-10,"YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    Google Pixel 11 vs. Pixel 9: Two generations later, is it finally time to upgrade?
                                

                                    I spent a week testing the Google Pixel 11 Pro and Pro XL, and they're harder to recommend despite some fun new Gemini features
                                

                                    We ranked the TOP 7 best Android tablets of 2026 so you don't have to
                                
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Google has removed the Pixel Tablet from its online store, marking the official end of its short-lived tablet experiment.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The Pixel Tablet is finally dead. Like, properly dead dead.
Google launched the Pixel Tablet back in 2023 as a hybrid device that could work as both a traditional Android tablet and a smart home display when placed on its charging dock. At $499, the Pixel Tablet offered a pretty interesting combination on paper, but reactions to the device were mixed after launch.
Google reportedly had plans for a second-generation Pixel Tablet in 2025 and even a third-generation model in 2027. But amid poor sales and profitability concerns, the company reportedly pulled the plug on those plans back in 2024. Despite that, the original Pixel Tablet remained available through the Google Store and retailers for quite some time. Until now.
 



As spotted by Jetstream, Google has officially removed the Pixel Tablet from the Google Store. The tablet was listed as ""out of stock"" until a few days ago, but the product page has now been removed altogether, effectively confirming that Google is done selling the device. The Pixel Tablet has also disappeared from retailers, including Amazon and Best Buy.
That means there's now no official way to buy a new Pixel Tablet. You may still be able to find remaining stock through smaller online retailers or pick one up from a reseller, but Google's own inventory is officially gone.
The good news for existing Pixel Tablet owners is that software support isn't ending anytime soon. Google is expected to continue supporting the device with updates until mid-2028. But unless Google decides to resurrect its tablet ambitions again, there won't be another Pixel Tablet waiting to replace it.
The Pixel Tablet was an interesting idea. Having one device that could work as both an Android tablet and a smart home display made plenty of sense, especially inside Google's ecosystem. Unfortunately, the idea never really took off.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
So, RIP Pixel Tablet. This time, it looks like it's actually over.
Sanuj is a tech writer who loves exploring smartphones, tablets, and wearables. He began his journey with a Nokia Lumia and later dived deep into Android and iPhone. He's been writing about tech since 2018, with bylines at Pocketnow, Android Police, Pocket-Lint, and MakeUseOf. When he's not testing gadgets, he's either sipping chai, watching football, or playing cricket.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
6,2026-09-10,"Motive, which calls itself the AI platform for physical operations, has secured more than $1.3bn in growth financing from General Catalyst. It has withdrawn the S-1 it filed in December 2025 for a New York listing, and its CEO says it can keep operating privately.
Motive has secured more than $1.3bn in growth financing from General Catalyst’s Customer Value Fund, the company announced on Thursday. Because of the financing, Motive has withdrawn its previously filed S-1 registration statement for an initial public offering.
The San Francisco company describes itself as “the AI platform for physical operations”. Its software helps companies manage workers, vehicles, equipment and fleet-related spending. Pranav Singhvi, a managing director at General Catalyst, has joined its board.
Motive filed the registration statement in December 2025. It planned to list on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker “MTVE”. J.P. Morgan, Citigroup, Barclays and Jefferies were named as lead book-running managers. At the time, the company had not set the number of shares or a price range.
“With this financing, we’re very well capitalized. We withdrew our previously filed S-1,” co-founder and chief executive Shoaib Makani told FreightWaves. “But we remain very well positioned for the public markets in the future.”
He also told FreightWaves: “With this financing we can continue to operate privately, but with the resources to invest aggressively.”
In the release, Motive said it remains well positioned to pursue a public listing in the future.
The financing follows the strongest quarter in Motive’s history, the company said. Its annual recurring revenue crossed $600m, and its growth rate rose to 30% year on year.
Revenue from customers paying more than $100,000 a year grew nearly 60%. Net revenue retention for those customers was above 120%, according to the release.
Motive serves nearly 100,000 customers, from small businesses to Fortune 500 companies. They include firms in transport and logistics, construction, energy, field service, manufacturing, agriculture, retail and the public sector.
The announcement did not disclose a valuation or the terms of the financing.
Motive said it will use the capital to develop its AI platform, scale its go-to-market teams and extend its reach with the largest operations. It named new products such as Maintenance, which it launched in August, and Operations Intelligence.
Earlier this year, Motive appointed Thomas Hansen as its first president of go-to-market. He previously held senior roles at Amplitude, UiPath, Dropbox and Microsoft. In June, the company brought its AI Coach product to the UK.
“Motive is building the intelligence layer for the physical economy,” Makani said in the release. Singhvi said: “The physical AI market, and edge AI specifically, represents one of the most compelling long-term opportunities we see today.”
In August, TNW reported that Indian quick-commerce company Zepto had shelved its IPO plans and turned to private investors. In July, TNW reported that edge AI chipmaker Syntiant had filed for a US IPO.
TNW reported on Wednesday that Analog Devices will pay $1.35bn for edge AI chipmaker Alif Semiconductor. In June, Irish fleet-safety company CameraMatics raised up to €49m to take on Samsara in the US. In August, Gatik raised $200m to put more driverless box trucks on US roads.



                                    Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing hi                                                                        (show all)

Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing himself as one of the most connected and respected voices in the ecosystem. At just 23 years old, Cristian was included in the Forbes 30 Under 30 2025 list, representing a new generation of tech builders, bold thinkers who move fast, build with purpose, and create real impact.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
7,2026-09-10,"Watch CBS News

                          We may receive commissions from some links to products on this page. Promotions are subject to availability and retailer terms.
                      

September 10, 2026 / 3:57 PM EDT
            / CBS News
          
If you have $150,000 saved up in today's economy and aren't sure about which move to make next, a certificate of deposit (CD) account at least merits consideration. 
CD interest rates are fixed, after all, allowing you to calculate your interest earnings with precision without having to worry about market changes that could reduce your returns. Rates are also elevated compared to where they were at the beginning of the decade with many now sitting at or above 4%. And with plenty of options to choose from, both online and via your local bank branches, it won't be difficult to find an account with the right term and rate for your money. 
If there's $150,000 in play, however, an 18-month CD could be the smart place to park it, at least through today's economic volatility. Below, we'll break down why that is – and, more importantly, how much interest you can expect to earn if you make a deposit now.
Start earning more interest on your money with a CD account here.
The top 18-month CD interest rates range from 4.20% to 4.35% currently, though savers should expect to encounter some variability when comparing accounts and banks. Using those rates as a guide, here's how much interest savers can expect to earn once the 18-month term has matured:
Savers are positioned to earn a return worth more than $9,500 with a $150,000 18-month CD that's opened today and potentially closer to $9,900 if they lock in an account with a higher rate. That said, you'll need to shop around to find these rates and you may need to use an online bank to secure the highest one. If you're willing to do both, however, you can easily get started with an account now and start building your interest immediately.
Learn more about your current CD account options now.
A $150,000 18-month CD account understandably won't be the right choice for every saver or even most, especially when historic returns on stocks are materially higher. For other select savers, however, it can still be worth opening. Here's why:
With a return approaching $10,000 and the interest being guaranteed, along with protection from volatile market conditions for the next year and a half and the ability to still pivot as needed in 2027, a $150,000 18-month CD can make a lot of sense right now. Just be confident in your ability to keep the account frozen for the full term, should you decide to open one, as an early withdrawal fee on an account of this length and size could be substantial. Consider, too, speaking with banks directly as they may be able to advise you on a savings strategy that works best for your unique circumstances and goals.

      Edited by
                                        
                                  Angelica  Leicht


      © 2026 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
    
Copyright ©2026 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved."
8,2026-09-10,"After helping lift the yen, Bessent is finding the much larger Treasury market harder to tame as yields push toward 5%."
9,2026-09-10,"The ECB published its own analysis of US tech issuing in euros ten days ago, and found Amazon and Alphabet were the largest euro-area non-financial corporate bond issuers this year
BNP Paribas’s registered head office at 16 boulevard des Italiens in Paris, photographed in December 2022.
BNP Paribas expects the years-long rally in corporate bonds to break as hyperscalers flood the market, forecasting some $400B of their bond sales next year and a record $3.7T of net fixed income supply. The ECB reached a similar conclusion in August, finding US tech now accounts for close to a tenth of new euro corporate issuance.
BNP Paribas expects the years-long rally in corporate bonds to break when technology companies saturate the market with AI debt, Bloomberg reported. Its analysts put next year’s hyperscaler bond sales at some $400B.
“AI is driving credit markets from bond scarcity to bond abundance,” wrote Viktor Hjort, the bank’s global head of credit strategy, and colleagues.
It is a reversal. For three years the same desk called credit “yieldy, defensive and under-supplied“.
The forecast puts net supply of all fixed income at a record $3.7T next year, with euro investment-grade spreads six basis points wider by the end of 2026 and dollar spreads seven. “Credit is becoming oversupplied at a time when government bonds are too,” the analysts wrote.
Six basis points is not a crisis. It is a price, and European borrowers are the ones paying it.
The European Central Bank got there first.
Ten days ago it published its own analysis of US tech issuing in euros, counting EUR 40B of hyperscaler bonds outstanding and tech at close to a tenth of gross new euro corporate issuance. Amazon and Alphabet were the largest euro-area non-financial corporate issuers this year.
Its worry is crowding rather than default. Investors have finite balance sheets, and passive funds rebalancing towards index-weighted hyperscalers push other borrowers out mechanically. Its staff put hyperscaler capital spending above $1T by 2028, around 3% of current US output.
TNW reported in July that the five biggest spenders had doubled their debt to about $350B, and that Europe would feel it.
What BNP adds is a date.
The bank is also in the trade it is warning about. It was one of seven lenders that put $830M behind Mistral in March, for 13,800 Nvidia chips at a data centre south of Paris.
That is the shape of the thing. Europe’s largest AI debt raise of the year is $830M, against $400B of American issuance forecast for next.
“We don’t doubt that we will be able to place it, it’s all a question of price,” JPMorgan’s Matthias Reschke said last month of the bond sales. Whose price is the part nobody has settled.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
10,2026-09-10,"Lower ride prices could be coming to Uber after the company's recent layoffs.
CEO Dara Khosrowshahi pointed to lower prices as one way that Uber plans to use the money it's saving from laying off 10% of its corporate workforce, or about 3,300 people. The company announced the job cuts earlier this month.
""We are going to take the savings there and essentially reinvest it back in the business, lowering prices, improving selection, and continuing to invest in our growth program,"" the CEO said during a presentation at the Goldman Sachs Communacopia + Technology Conference on Thursday. 
Uber is also planning to put savings from insurance costs toward lower prices — a move that should help keep riders using Uber's app, he said.
The layoffs came as Uber has largely exceeded analysts' expectations in recent quarterly earnings reports. The company's stock also rose about 2% on Thursday after it disclosed in an SEC filing that Khosrowshahi had added about $10 million in Uber stock to his holdings.
Khosrowshahi said that Uber picked the right time to make the layoffs because the company was in ""a position of strength versus weakness.""
""Some companies wait,"" he said. ""We don't believe in waiting."" 
Do you have a story idea about Uber? Contact this reporter at abitter@businessinsider.com or via encrypted messaging app Signal at 808-854-4501. Use a personal email address, a nonwork WiFi network, and a nonwork device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
11,2026-09-10,"Clay raises $115m at a $7.1bn valuation, more than double its price in August 2025. Wellington led the Series D for the go-to-market software company, which counts Anthropic, OpenAI and Siemens as customers. It has not disclosed revenue, and is putting $1m into training 'GTM engineers'.
Clay co-founders Kareem Amin and Varun Anand.
Clay has raised $115m in a Series D round that values the New York go-to-market software company at $7.1bn. Wellington Management led the round, the company said in its announcement on Wednesday.
The New York Times broke the news, in a DealBook story by Michael J. de la Merced. The paper reported that Clay’s previous round, a $100m raise in August 2025, valued it at $3.1bn. The new price is more than double that.
Existing investors returned alongside Wellington. They include Sequoia, StepStone, Andreessen Horowitz’s Perennial fund, Meritech, DST, CapitalG, BoxGroup, Boldstart, Bloomberg Beta and Evolution.
Kareem Amin and Nicolae Rusan founded Clay in 2017, and Varun Anand joined as a third co-founder in 2021. According to Tech Funding News, the original idea was to make programming accessible to people who could not code. The company has since narrowed its focus to sales and marketing, or go-to-market (GTM), teams.
The platform pulls together a company’s own records, from CRM data and product usage to calls and emails. It then adds outside signals, such as funding rounds, hiring activity and job changes. AI agents use that combined picture to find prospects, research them and set up outreach.
Clay gives an example in its announcement. A team asks it to book meetings with fintech marketing leaders. If a prospect later mentions when their contract ends and asks about pricing, the system notes the timing. If other prospects ask the same question, it updates the sales materials to answer it.
“We’re building a self-learning revenue engine,” said Kareem Amin, Clay’s co-founder and chief executive. The pitch is that the system learns from what works and recommends the next step. Co-founder Varun Anand wrote on LinkedIn that this could range from a tweak to an email subject line to a change in product strategy.
Clay says it now serves more than 17,000 customers, including 80% of the Forbes AI 50 list of private AI companies. Named customers include Anthropic, Google, OpenAI, Stripe, Workday and two European businesses, ElevenLabs and Siemens.
The company is also betting on a job title it coined. It calls the people who build these revenue systems “GTM engineers”, and says thousands now work under that name. Clay is putting $1m into a scholarship fund to train more of them. It will preview new products at Sculpt, its user conference in San Francisco on 8 October.
The valuation has moved quickly. Tech Funding News reported that an employee tender offer in January valued Clay at $5bn, between the two rounds. Clay has not disclosed its revenue, so the jump cannot be checked against sales.
Competition is heavy. Established data providers sell into the same teams. Apollo.io bought Pocus in March to build its own AI layer. ZoomInfo, another rival, has seen investors question whether AI will reprice its database. Startups such as 11x, which Tech Funding News describes as building autonomous “digital workers”, go further and aim to replace sales roles outright.
Some observers are sceptical of the loop Clay describes. Replying to Anand’s post, Paolo Perrone, who writes about production AI, said the plan reads as “clay grading its own homework.” His point is that the same system produces the outcomes it learns from.
The round also cuts against the mood around older software. Investors have spent months arguing over whether the SaaSpocalypse is over. On Thursday, Bending Spoons agreed to buy Miro for $1.355bn. The contrast shows how differently investors now price software sold as AI agents.
Wellington typically backs companies approaching public markets, as the Times noted. Whether Clay’s agents can turn its customer list into revenue growth to match the valuation is the question an IPO would eventually answer.



                                    Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing hi                                                                        (show all)

Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing himself as one of the most connected and respected voices in the ecosystem. At just 23 years old, Cristian was included in the Forbes 30 Under 30 2025 list, representing a new generation of tech builders, bold thinkers who move fast, build with purpose, and create real impact.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
12,2026-09-10,"HERE reports American charging capacity in gigawatts, which is the unit Europe wrote into law and the one the American coverage skipped
One of six public charging stations installed at Grand Canyon National Park in August 2019, donated through a National Park Foundation partnership with BMW of North America.
The HERE-SBD EV Index finds positive American perceptions of charging infrastructure rose from 28% to 47% in a year, and 60% now expect it to keep improving, even as US battery-electric market share fell to 5.37%. HERE is headquartered in Amsterdam and was bought from Nokia by Audi, BMW and Daimler in 2015.
More Americans say they are open to an electric car than a year ago, InsideEVs reported, even as US battery-electric market share fell to 5.37% after the federal tax credit ended.
The finding comes from the HERE-SBD EV Index, built on charge point data and a survey of more than 4,000 drivers. Charging is what moved.
Positive perceptions of charging infrastructure rose from 28% to 47% in a year, HERE said, and 60% of drivers now expect it to keep improving. More than half, 53%, say they are more open to an electric car than they were a year ago.
“Consumer sentiment often leads purchasing behavior,” said Robert Fisher, senior consulting manager at SBD Automotive. Fuel prices came second, named by 57%. Among people who already drive an electric car, 79% name fuel costs.
The hardware behind the sentiment is countable. America added 31,600 public charge points, around 13% growth, and total charging power rose 47%, from 14.1 GW to 20.7 GW.
That second number is the one worth stopping on.
HERE is not an American company. It is headquartered in Amsterdam, and Audi, BMW and Daimler bought it from Nokia for $3B in 2015, before Intel and Continental took stakes.
SBD Automotive, its partner on the index, is British. One of the four things the index scores is average charger power.
Which is how Europe already does it. The alternative fuels regulation sets national targets in kilowatts of publicly accessible capacity rather than in plugs, a distinction TNW has written about as kilowatts, not plugs.
The index is not an American study either. It covers 30 European countries, 34 Indian states and territories and eight Australian ones, alongside the 50 states.
In the previous edition Europe added 245,000 public charge points in a year, a 27% rise, against 37,000 in the United States. The 2026 European results were published alongside the American ones and went unreported.
One figure needs care. HERE reports 12% of drivers seeing no barriers to adoption, up from 6%, which is not the same claim as 12% wanting an electric car whatever it costs.
The gap the index is measuring is wide and getting wider. European EV share hit 25% in July, against the 5.37% America is arguing about.



                                    Technology enthusiast and intern at The Next Web, contributing to research-backed content and investigating new technologies and global even                                                                        (show all)

Technology enthusiast and intern at The Next Web, contributing to research-backed content and investigating new technologies and global events. Interested in business and how the narrative and perception of technology is shaped.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
13,2026-09-10,"This is Optimizer, a weekly newsletter sent from Verge senior reviewer Victoria Song that dissects and discusses the latest gizmos and potions that swear they're going to change your life. Opt in for Optimizer here. Whenever the algorithm serves up a steaming…"
14,2026-09-10,"The foldable iPhone is here. It still faces a big question: Will shoppers pay $1,999 (and as much as $3,199) for one?
Apple unveiled the long-awaited iPhone Duo on Wednesday during its ""Surprise and Shine"" event. The book-style foldable opens to a 7.6-inch inner display and has a 5.4-inch outer screen, letting users run two apps side by side. It starts at $1,999 — $800 more than the (also new) iPhone 18 Pro.
That makes the Duo a big break from the iPhone Apple has sold since 2007: a single-screen rectangle that has become one of the world's most popular consumer products.
""iPhone Duo is the most transformational change to iPhone since the original,"" CEO John Ternus said in a press release.
Apple is betting that a supposedly pocketable phone that doubles as a small tablet will persuade buyers to spend more. The company says it's better at taking selfies, and the wide screen offers improved movie-watching.
Apple isn't the first company to build a phone that closes. Samsung has sold its Galaxy Fold line since 2019, while Huawei, Google, Motorola, and several Chinese phone makers have also chased the market.
Modern foldable phones have remained pricey. The closest US competitors, Samsung's Galaxy Z Fold 8 and Google's Pixel 11 Pro Fold, both start around $1,900.
Those phones have yet to capture much of the overall smartphone market. Tech analysis firm IDC expects global foldable-phone shipments to reach 22.9 million units in 2026, up 12.6% from last year. That would represent just over 2% of the global smartphone market.
Still, Apple's enormous base of iPhone users could change that equation. Nabila Popal, a senior research director at IDC, said Apple's entry could ""fundamentally alter the market's trajectory.""
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
""Without Apple, foldable shipments would have declined at a double-digit rate year over year,"" she said. ""We forecast Apple will ship more than 17 million foldable iPhones by 2027, capturing roughly 40% of the global foldables market.""
Will the iPhone Duo become a status symbol? Its unique shape, high price point, and famously loyal customer base could quickly make it into a marker of wealth.
Or, it could be the next iPhone Air, which saw sales fizzle after early adopters rushed to get the latest tech. 
Only time will tell.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
15,2026-09-10,"Ireland and New Zealand returned to Soldier Field in Chicago in 2025, nine years after the former's landmark win in the city
World Rugby would help any nation which wants to switch a Six Nations match to the United States, as it continues its drive to spread the game stateside.
South Africa and New Zealand have sold out the 71,000-capacity M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore for Saturday's fourth and final Test in their Greatest Rivalry series.
With the men's and women's Rugby World Cups being held in the United States in 2031 and 2033 respectively, tournament organisers are keen to bring more prestige fixtures across the Atlantic.
""In terms of the match-day economics, [South Africa vs New Zealand] is like a Six Nations match,"" Alan Gilpin, World Rugby chief executive, said in an interview with the Daily Telegraph, external and The Times., external
""It starts to show that [financial return] is not the barrier. So if there is the appetite to take some of these big matches in the future to the US, we can now.""
The M&T Bank Stadium is the home of the Baltimore Ravens NFL team but has staged other sports, including football
The All Blacks have been at the forefront of rugby's attempts to make an imprint in a notoriously tough sports market.
Ireland memorably beat the All Blacks for the first time when the teams met in front of a capacity 60,000-strong crowd at Chicago's Soldier Field in 2016, with a 2025 rematch proving a similar commercial success.
New Zealand have also staged matches against the United States - a 104-14 victory in front of about 40,000 fans in Washington, external - and Fiji - a 47-5 win before 33,217 in San Diego - in the country over the past decade.
However Gilpin believes that the history of the Six Nations and its ability to connect with expatriate fans in the United States could be a useful tool to crack America further.
""This isn't a live discussion of an Italy vs Ireland game, but why we use that as an example is because you've got two fantastic fanbases in the US of Irish and Italian fans,"" he added.
""If you could take a Six Nations game to the right place, to a Boston or to a New York, where there's a lot of those fanbases, you can definitely drive the economics.
""Now, you're going to have Irish fans and Italian fans in those respective home countries saying, 'Hang on a minute, you know, we want to see our country play?'
""The counter-argument to that [is] it's still Irish and Italian fans getting the chance to watch their team, so they're just not the ones who live in Ireland and Italy on this occasion. But that's a balancing piece we've got to work through.""
Wales played their home matches at London's Wembley Stadium during the 1998 and 1999 Six Nations while the Principality Stadium was being built, but such a long-haul venue switch would be unprecedented in the tournament's 143-year history.
England women's head coach John Mitchell, who led the United States' men's team earlier in his career, said he was unsure whether a stateside expansion would ultimately succeed.
""I've worked for America. I understand that geography,"" he told BBC Radio 5 Live.
""American sport is full of rivalries and I just don't think Americans adjust to new rivalries or new franchises compared to probably some of the other countries.
""Will rugby ever go big there based on its early investment?
""I'm not sure I can answer that, but what I do know is that rugby union is a difficult challenge for large parts of America.""
He was also wary of the prospect of a Red Roses Six Nations match being staged in the United States.
""The visibility's huge here in the European market,"" said Mitchell.
""Let's use it because that's the way to grow the game slowly, rather than putting huge investments into something that might have potential, but not necessarily that visibility.""
While World Rugby could support a stateside Six Nations game, the decision would lie with the competing teams, all of whom would be aware of the consternation that would come with transplanting a fixture thousands of miles away.
The schedule for the 2027 editions of both the men's and women's tournaments have already been set.
Ireland well beaten by All Blacks in Chicago rematch
Why are Ireland playing New Zealand in Chicago?
'To break America, rugby must learn to love its stars'
Listen: Sport's Strangest Crimes - Bloodgate
Listen to the latest Rugby Union Weekly podcast
US Open semi-final: Rybakina wins second set to force decider against Gauff
Two goals in two games - Sesko gives Man Utd a different threat
England's push for two-day win halted by weather
The warm-hearted Aussie rom-com audiences are loving
The rise and fall of a transatlantic cocaine empire
Explore Kenya's spectacular birds of prey with Hamza
Inside Stockport's major criminal trial
Can you make a case for Chelsea being stripped of 2016-17 title?
Weekly sports quiz: Why is the WSL investigating Palace?
How history points to another Solheim Cup thriller
'It started as a joke, a fantasy' - F1 heads to football-obsessed Madrid
Liverpool will reward Mac Allister if he lets his football do talking
Garcia v Benn - all you need to know
What next for LIV Golf's star players, and its fight for survival?
Kimi Raikkonen's son Robin, 11, signs for Red Bull
Prince William launches sport mental health toolkit
Are women better than men at endurance running?
Arsenal are passing every test - and Odegaard is in form of his life
McLaren talks, 'numb' cars and being 'captain of the ship' - Verstappen Q&A
Who will reach Super Bowl? - NFL predictions for 2026 season
Kelce's last dance? Five things to look out for in new NFL season
Copyright Â© 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking."
16,2026-09-10,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
The NBA superstar joins a growing list of athletes partnering with prediction markets as the booming industry pushes deeper into sports. 
Copied to clipboard
LeBron James’ latest business move is looking like an air ball with some fans. The NBA superstar is teaming up with prediction-market platform Polymarket, The Athletic reports. He’ll become the company’s first NBA athlete to sign an individual deal with the company. The announcement quickly drew some harsh reactions online.
“Richer than god and still selling out to the gambling company. Sad as hell,” one person wrote in response to James’ post on X. Another asked, “How much more money do you need, man?” Other critics dubbed him “LeSellout.”
Damn I can’t believe LeBron is a sellout now
James isn’t the only sports superstar getting into prediction markets. Giannis Antetokounmpo became the first NBA player to invest directly in rival Kalshi earlier this year. Lionel Messi and golfer Bryson DeChambeau have also partnered with Kalshi. Prediction markets allow users to trade contracts based on the outcome of future events, including sports.

LeBron James’ latest business move is looking like an air ball with some fans. The NBA superstar is teaming up with prediction-market platform Polymarket, The Athletic reports. He’ll become the company’s first NBA athlete to sign an individual deal with the company. The announcement quickly drew some harsh reactions online.
“Richer than god and still selling out to the gambling company. Sad as hell,” one person wrote in response to James’ post on X. Another asked, “How much more money do you need, man?” Other critics dubbed him “LeSellout.”
Damn I can’t believe LeBron is a sellout now
James isn’t the only sports superstar getting into prediction markets. Giannis Antetokounmpo became the first NBA player to invest directly in rival Kalshi earlier this year. Lionel Messi and golfer Bryson DeChambeau have also partnered with Kalshi. Prediction markets allow users to trade contracts based on the outcome of future events, including sports.


We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
17,2026-09-10,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Home > Kitchen & Household
Ninja's NeverQuit Cookware is available for purchase now.
Editor
Editor
September 10, 2026, 5:21 pm ET
One thing about Ninja, the company is going to keep its customer base happy with new release after new release. On the heels of launching its first water filter, the HydraSense, Ninja’s first-ever ceramic-coated cookware is now available, too. 
The cookware is dishwasher-safe and oven-safe up to 550 degrees Fahrenheit. The pieces are stackable for easy storage, and the handles on the lids can be pushed down to save even more space. Ninja says the ceramic cookware is twice as durable as competitor Caraway, but the company didn’t share what type of testing, if any, was conducted to support that claim. We also haven’t gotten our hands on the Ninja NeverQuit lineup yet to independently test its durability or do a side-by-side comparison with Caraway or other ceramic cookware.
However, Ninja’s new cookware is more affordable than Caraway. The NeverQuit three-piece frying pan set is $250 while Caraway’s three frying pans with lids set is currently available for $395.
Ceramic-coated cookware is often favored because it’s nonstick, easy to clean and can be made without chemicals typically used in non-stick cookware, such as PTFE (Teflon). Ninja says the NeverQuit coating is “designed without lead, cadmium, PFAS, PFOA, PTFE or hard anodization.”
It is available in a three-, six- or 12-piece set. The 12-piece set includes 8-inch and 10.25-inch frying pans, a 4-quart pan with lid, a steamer basket, a spatula, a pasta ladle, a 6-quart stock pot with lid, a 6-quart metal strainer basket and a spoon rest. 
Ninja also teased an upcoming stainless-steel cookware line named “Ninja Eversear,” but hasn’t announced a launch date just yet.

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
18,2026-09-10,"A new TrendForce report says the iPhone Duo is expected to capture 24,8% of the foldable smartphone market in 2026 alone, countering a 20% slump in the segment. Here are the details.
Following yesterday’s announcement of the iPhone Duo, TrendForce published a report today predicting that Apple will capture 24,8% of the foldable smartphone segment by the end of the year.
TrendForce expects Apple to ship 5 million units of the iPhone Duo in 2026, helping offset a segment-wide slowdown due to “sharp increases in component costs”:
TrendForce forecasts global foldable smartphone shipments of approximately 20.2 million units in 2026, up just 0.5% YoY. Excluding Apple, combined shipments from Android brands are expected to reach only around 15.2 million units, down more than 20% YoY.
The report notes that Samsung is still poised to lead the market with 7.1 million units shipped for the year and 35.1% market share, and expects Huawei to match Apple’s 5 million units shipped and 24.8% share.
TrendForce goes on to analyze some of Apple’s hardware choices for the iPhone Duo, including the trade-offs the company made to achieve its final design:
Apple has omitted a dedicated periscope telephoto camera to minimize thickness and conserve internal space. Instead, the 48 MP main camera provides 2x optical-quality zoom, while a side-mounted Touch ID sensor replaces Face ID. These choices highlight the trade-offs that foldable smartphones continue to face among device thickness, camera capabilities, biometric components, and battery space.
TrendForce rounds out the report by looking ahead at the foldable segment, suggesting that “deeper integration of AI and multitasking interfaces with the larger foldable display could transform the device from a hardware differentiator into a new interface for AI applications.”
To read TrendForce’s full report, follow this link.
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Introduced in 2007 by Steve Jobs, iPhone is Appl…
Marcus Mendes is a Brazilian tech podcaster and journalist who has been closely following Apple since the mid-2000s.
He began covering Apple news in Brazilian media in 2012 and later broadened his focus to the wider tech industry, hosting a daily podcast for seven years."
19,2026-09-10,"A new federal program to test the feasibility of electric, hybrid-electric, and autonomous aircraft kicks off today in Texas - before the rules governing this new technology have even been finalized. Earlier this year, the Federal Aviation Administration's Ad…"
20,2026-09-10,"Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Forget the iPhone Duo, these foldable phone deals are available NOW. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Foldable phones are all the rage right now, but these innovative devices can get pretty expensive without a good deal attached. Fortunately, I've tracked down all of the best foldable phone deals on the web so you don't have to go looking.
We've reached the point where pretty much every OEM is selling a clamshell or book-style foldable phone, and each manufacturer is racing to build the thinnest, most powerful, and most creaseless device on the market. Even Apple has entered the fray with the upcoming iPhone Duo.
This spells good news for you as a consumer, as stiff competition generally means a wider variety of tempting deals to choose from. These manufacturers want you to use their foldable phones and no one else's, which gives you all of the buying power you need. From straight discounts on Motorola flip phones to trade-in offers on the latest Galaxy Z Fold, keep reading for my favorite offers of September 2026.
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 256GB: $1,899.99 FREE with eligible trade-in, new line at T-Mobile
Samsung's first passport-style foldable phone has landed, and you can already get the Z Fold 8 for free by trading in an old device and adding a line with the Experience Beyond plan at T-Mobile.
💲Alternative deal: Amazon is carving a straight $250 off the Galaxy Z Fold 8 when you buy the phone unlocked on its site. 
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra 256GB: $2,099.99 $1,799.99 at Amazon
Buy the powerful Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra unlocked from Amazon and you'll get a straight $400 off your purchase. No strings attached! The retailer is also offering up to $815 back (in the form of an Amazon gift card) when you trade in an old or broken phone. 
💲Alternative deal: buy the Z Fold 8 Ultra directly from Samsung and you'll be eligible for up to $800 off when you trade in. Skip the trade-in process and you'll still score a $300 discount, plus access to additional discounts when you bundle the phone with Samsung accessories. 
Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 8 256GB: $1,199.99 $99.99 with new line at T-Mobile
Purchase the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 8 and T-Mobile will give you $1,100 of promo credits over 36 months when you add a line with the Experience More or Experience Beyond plan. That knocks the price of the clamshell device down to just $99 (or $2.78 per month), no trade-in required!
Motorola Razr Fold 512GB: $1,699.99 $599.99 with new line at T-Mobile
Similar to other deals on this list, you can get a straight $1,100 off the powerful Motorola Razr Fold when you add a line with the Experience Beyond plan at T-Mobile. No trade-in required!
Motorola Razr (2026) 256GB: $799.99, plus free smartwatch and earbuds at Motorola
The Motorola Razr (2026) is easily the most budget-friendly device on this list, and now you can get a free Moto Watch AND some free wireless earbuds when you buy the clamshell device directly from Motorola.com. You can also claim up to $150 of trade-in credit. 
💲Alternative deal: Add a line with the Experience More or Experience Beyond plan and T-Mobile will give you enough promo credit to make the Razr (2026) completely free.
Motorola Razr Plus (2026) 256GB: $999.99 FREE with eligible line at T-Mobile
Another T-Mobile deal for the books. Add a line with the Experience Beyond plan and the Big Three carrier will give you $1,000 in promo credits, effectively making the Motorola Razr Plus (2026) free. You'll also get same day delivery at no additional cost!
Motorola Razr Ultra (2026): $1,499.99, plus free smartwatch and earbuds at Motorola
The Motorola Razr Ultra (2026) might be the best flip phone ever built, but it's not exactly cheap. Fortunately, if you buy the device directly from Motorola.com, you'll get a free smartwatch, a pair of earbuds, and up to $250 back when you trade in. 
Google Pixel 11 Pro Fold 256GB: $1,899.99 $999.99 with most plans at T-Mobile
Most folks don't really think of Google when they think of foldable phones, but that's a shame, as the new Pixel 11 Pro Fold really holds its own against the other phones on this list. Now you can try the powerful device yourself and score $900 off your purchase when you add a line with most unlimited plans at T-Mobile.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
After almost a decade of working in the e-commerce space, Patrick Farmer (he/him) began his career at Android Central as a Deals and Commerce Writer before moving into a new role as AC's eCommerce Editor in 2023. When he's not hunting down the best deals and offering shopping advice for our readers, you'll often find him listening to music, camping out at a brewery, or treating his cat like a human child. 
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
21,2026-09-10,"Oil is back above $100 a barrel as renewed fighting between the US and Iran raises fears of further supply disruptions in a market already hit by the largest oil supply disruption in history.
International benchmark Brent crude breached $100 a barrel on Wednesday for the first time since late July and was trading over $101 on early on Thursday. US benchmark West Texas Intermediate was around $96. 
Even so, Brent remains well below its wartime peak of about $126 a barrel in April.
One reason the market absorbed the initial shock better than the scale of the disruption might suggest is China.
The world's biggest crude importer slashed its purchases by 40%, or 4.6 million barrels a day, between February and May, significantly pressure on the global oil market, according to the International Energy Agency.
Goldman Sachs estimates Brent's fair value — the price suggested by supply, demand, and inventories — would have been $10 to $15 a barrel higher if China had kept its imports steady from March through August, the bank wrote in a report on Monday.
""I don't think we can overestimate the extent to which that has been an important balancing factor,"" David Fyfe, the chief economist at energy and commodities pricing firm Argus, said at the firm's conference in Singapore on Monday.
Rystad Energy, a consultancy, sees that shift as a new role for China in the global oil market. CEO Jarand Rystad called the country ""one of the important factors saving the energy system"" at the company's Asia summit in Singapore last week.
He likened China to a ""demand-side OPEC"": Instead of controlling how much oil it supplies, China can increasingly help balance the market by changing how much it buys as prices rise and fall.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
That flexibility rests on a series of buffers China has built over the years — from oil stockpiles and electric vehicles to alternative fuels and supply routes.
China entered the war with a large oil cushion.
China imported about 12 million barrels a day in the second half of 2025, when oil prices were relatively low, and maintained that pace through February, according to the US Energy Information Administration.
China doesn't disclose how much crude it has stored, but Goldman estimates its visible stocks remain above the high level of 1.1 billion barrels.
Those stocks have given China room to buy less as prices rose. Goldman said 1.3 million barrels a day of the drop in July imports reflected China's shift from building inventories last year to drawing them down since May.
China's huge refining industry gave it another option.
Some refiners that initially scrambled for replacement crude later began selling cargoes back into the market as export curbs, domestic price controls, and consumers cutting back hurt the economics of refining them, according to Rystad Energy.
China has another option few big oil importers can match: It can turn its vast coal supplies into products that would otherwise require oil or gas.
That helps explain why China's crude imports have fallen much more sharply than its oil use, Rystad said.
Goldman said China's coal-based petrochemical industry, along with electric transportation, has made it easier to use less oil ""without much pressure on economic activity.""
China is also turning coal into synthetic natural gas — a methane-rich fuel that can be used much like conventional natural gas.
China's electric-car boom has already weakened its demand for gasoline. Now, electrification is spreading to taxis, public transportation, and heavy trucks.
Those investments have made it easier for China to cut oil use when prices rise.
China's progress in electrifying heavy trucks caught Rystad ""to some extent by surprise,"" Rystad Energy's chief economist Claudio Galimberti said at the summit.
One in four trucks sold in China last year was electric, according to the International Energy Agency. EVs displaced around 1 million barrels a day of Chinese oil demand in 2025, according to the IEA, which said electric trucks were already making a meaningful contribution.
The Iran war has also squeezed supplies of liquefied natural gas from the Gulf, forcing some Asian countries to turn to more coal.
China is less exposed, with a power system built around domestic coal and a rapidly growing supply of wind, solar, and nuclear power.
China's natural-gas demand fell 4% from March through June from a year earlier, while stronger domestic production helped push LNG imports down 12%, according to the International Energy Agency. The decline in Chinese imports helped ease pressure on the global gas market.
China depends heavily on foreign oil, but not all of it has to pass through the Strait of Hormuz.
Pipelines from Russia and Kazakhstan deliver crude directly to China overland, giving Beijing access to supplies that don't pass through Hormuz. A separate pipeline from Myanmar provides another route into China, although Middle Eastern oil using it must still pass through Hormuz.
Pipelines accounted for about 8% of China's crude imports in 2024, with the other 92% arriving by sea, according to the EIA. Those pipeline flows held steady even as China's seaborne imports plunged during the Hormuz disruption, the agency said.
China is also buying more oil from Russia by sea.
Russia has shipped more than 10 million barrels of crude to China through the Arctic's Northern Sea Route this year, Reuters reported last week. Chinese buyers have stepped up purchases of Russian crude as Iranian supplies tightened and concerns persisted over Hormuz, traders told Reuters.
The Arctic volumes are small, but unlike crude shipped from the Persian Gulf, they don't have to pass through Hormuz.
China isn't the only reason prices have stayed below their crisis highs.
Gulf production had partly recovered, while weaker demand and rising output from the US and other producers have helped narrow the global oil shortfall, Goldman said.
But China's role can work both ways. After cutting purchases when prices surged, it began buying more again as prices eased in July, Galimberti said.
""I do believe that China as a swing consumer is a force of stabilization in the market,"" he said.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
22,2026-09-10,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Giveaways
Sign Up / Log In
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Why are you downvoting this deal?
Why are you downvoting this deal?
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
Why are you downvoting this deal?
 Share your experience with the Slickdeals community 
 Share information with the community. Please follow our Community Guidelines and be kind! 
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank SociableOctopus165
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank wherestheanykey
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Share your experience with the Slickdeals community 
 Share information with the community. Please follow our Community Guidelines and be kind! "
23,2026-09-10,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Faceless brands read as untrustworthy. Authority can’t be scripted by a PR team or outsourced to a spokesperson. It must be earned by leaders willing to stand in front of their own vision.
Copied to clipboard

		Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.	
For decades, corporate strategy operated under a comforting assumption: build a solid brand, spend enough on marketing and let the company logo carry the weight of public trust. Executive anonymity was treated as a privilege. Leaders could safely govern behind boardroom doors while spokespeople and polished advertising campaigns spoke on behalf of the institutional badge.
However, that era has quietly ended. The modern marketplace is flooded with fleeting ventures, algorithmically generated noise and pop-up brands that vanish as quickly as they appear. In this environment, audiences have developed an acute radar for corporate abstraction. Glossy mission statements no longer command authority, and heavy media spend fails to purchase automatic credibility. The reality is people do not extend trust to logos anymore; they extend it to human beings.
Whether you are modernizing an established institution or building a new venture from the ground up, delegating your voice to a third-party spokesperson is a structural liability. Personal executive visibility is far more than a vanity project or a clever marketing tactic bolted onto brand strategy. It is foundational cultural infrastructure, determining whether your message compounds into lasting equity or dissolves into background static.
When leadership steps into the public eye reluctantly, the market senses the friction right away. We have all witnessed the painful spectacles of corporate theater, such as a stiff CEO awkwardly attempting to sample their own product on camera, desperately trying to project authenticity while radiating distance. Audiences spot the performance in seconds, and the resulting skepticism is immediate.
True authority cannot be manufactured by a committee or scripted by a PR agency. That’s why, whether my brother Richard Gebbia and I are navigating wealth management strategies at Siebert Financial or building creative platforms and entertainment initiatives at Gebbia Media, we operate under the core belief that leadership is the primary proxy for an enterprise’s values. You cannot expect partners, talent or clients to believe in a vision if the people steering the ship are unwilling to stand in front of it. Personal accountability is the real currency of modern business, and lasting deals are built between individuals who trust one another.A few years ago, Richard and I got an unexpected lesson in just how powerful that connection can be. We had a stint in reality television, with only a handful of appearances, and our social media following increased 15x. That kind of response was hard to ignore. People were not suddenly more interested in a corporate entity; they were connecting with us as individuals. We knew we were onto something.
That experience is one reason we have decided to step in front of the camera again. We are engaging first-person in a new show that will be announced soon. For us, this is not a side project or a detour from the business. It is a continuation of the same idea: If leadership is part of the brand’s trust infrastructure, leaders cannot always outsource the relationship with the audience.
Warren Buffett famously advised investors to “invest in what you understand.” In culturally driven sectors, that understanding cannot be gathered purely from spreadsheets, board decks or quarterly briefings. It requires an active, borderline-obsessive presence in the spaces where real value is created.
If your enterprise relies on human talent, creative vision or cultural relevance, trying to lead from behind an invisible corporate wall creates an immediate barrier. Talent and strategic partners want to know who stands behind the capital, what principles govern the enterprise and whether leadership genuinely respects their operational reality. Sharing your intuition, taste and long-term thesis publicly is how you convert cold capital into a trusted, thriving ecosystem.
Faceless brands are ultimately perceived as untrustworthy brands. When leadership actively shows up, listens to ground-level operators and engages directly with the community, public presence ceases to be a promotional exercise. It becomes part of the operational infrastructure. You are no longer borrowing an industry’s aesthetic for a quick campaign; you are actively living its day-to-day realities.
The hesitation I’ve found many executives feel regarding public visibility often stems from internal psychological friction. Shyness, fear of public scrutiny or a traditional reverence for institutional anonymity can make the spotlight feel deeply uncomfortable. Many leaders worry that stepping forward requires oversharing their personal lives, but authenticity does not demand sacrificing privacy. It simply requires that whatever portion of yourself you present to the world is genuine, consistent and aligned with your core principles.
Consider the mechanics of taking a company public through an IPO. When an enterprise opens its operational narrative to the market, its public story becomes directly reflected in its valuation, often carrying as much weight as quarterly earnings. Look at pioneering organizations like SpaceX: Its massive public buy-in and market authority are deeply tied to the clear narrative conviction of its leadership.
Every enterprise now operates in a continuous public offering. Your public narrative directly impacts brand equity, talent acquisition and deal flow. You do not need to broadcast every hour of your life on social media, but what you put on record must reflect authentic commitment and long-term intent.
A spokesperson can announce that a company has evolved, but only a visible leader can make people believe it. Borrowed trust from legacy institutional prestige decays rapidly over time. In contrast, earned trust built through personal executive consistency compounds indefinitely, creating a reservoir of goodwill that carries an enterprise through shifting market cycles.
Ultimately, the choice facing executives today is not whether to have a public voice, but whether that voice will be intentional or defined by silence. As institutions lose their monopoly on credibility, the willingness to show up, speak directly and be judged in real time remains a leader’s strongest signal. When you stand behind your work with conviction, you build something far more durable than brand awareness. Your brand isn’t talking anymore; you are, and that makes all the difference.
For decades, corporate strategy operated under a comforting assumption: build a solid brand, spend enough on marketing and let the company logo carry the weight of public trust. Executive anonymity was treated as a privilege. Leaders could safely govern behind boardroom doors while spokespeople and polished advertising campaigns spoke on behalf of the institutional badge.
However, that era has quietly ended. The modern marketplace is flooded with fleeting ventures, algorithmically generated noise and pop-up brands that vanish as quickly as they appear. In this environment, audiences have developed an acute radar for corporate abstraction. Glossy mission statements no longer command authority, and heavy media spend fails to purchase automatic credibility. The reality is people do not extend trust to logos anymore; they extend it to human beings.
Whether you are modernizing an established institution or building a new venture from the ground up, delegating your voice to a third-party spokesperson is a structural liability. Personal executive visibility is far more than a vanity project or a clever marketing tactic bolted onto brand strategy. It is foundational cultural infrastructure, determining whether your message compounds into lasting equity or dissolves into background static.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
24,2026-09-10,"Oracle is holding the line on its data center spending forecast.
On Thursday, Oracle reported $28.5 billion in first-quarter capital expenditures, up from $8.5 billion a year earlier. It kept its fiscal 2027 capital expenditure forecast at $90 billion to $95 billion, including data center spending. Its capex forecast has not changed from the guidance it first issued in June.
Many major cloud companies have continued to raise their AI spending forecasts as they race to build more data centers and expand AI capacity — except Microsoft, which kept its capex forecast unchanged in July and also saw its stock soar after reporting earnings.
Asked on the earnings call how long Oracle will continue its heavy AI infrastructure spending, co-CEO Clay Magouyrk instead focused on how the company finances those projects.
""We have to separate out in our minds what Oracle spends as capex directly, uncouple that directly from how we think about how the business can grow,"" he said.
Oracle shares were up 7% after the company reported 121% growth in cloud infrastructure revenue in its first-quarter earnings release, apparently easing Wall Street fears about whether data center spending would translate to sales.
Oracle has borrowed tens of billions of dollars to build data centers and buy chips, and it has been under massive pressure to balance that spending with Wall Street's profitability expectations.
Oracle reported $55.7 billion in capex, including new data centers, in its 2026 fiscal year.
Oracle has developed several financing models, including supplier financing arrangements, customer prepayments, and ""bring your own hardware"" deals in which customers purchase hardware while Oracle provides the cloud infrastructure and operations.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
Business Insider reported last month that Oracle had drawn up plans for a new round of job cuts to reduce payroll as it racks up billions in debt to fund AI infrastructure.
Alphabet and Tesla recently increased their capex projections, sending their stocks tumbling in July. Meta narrowed its own capex forecast range.
Have a tip? Contact this reporter via email at astewart@businessinsider.com or Signal at +1-425-344-8242. Use a personal email address and a nonwork device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
25,2026-09-10,"ChatGPT's role on Wall Street is evolving.
OpenAI announced ChatGPT for Financial Services on Thursday, its latest foray into crafting AI tools for specific sectors. The product will bring a new glut of financial data directly into ChatGPT and provide bankers with a new way to check the tool's work.
As OpenAI prepares for a gigantic initial public offering expected in 2027, its latest release fits into two of its larger strategies: selling tools companies can use to automate work and building on its core AI products with industry-specific offerings.
The finance industry has already started embracing AI tools. Morgan Stanley adopted ChatGPT early on, and leaders across Wall Street are pouring time and money into figuring out new ways to use AI.
OpenAI's new product will let users work with financial datasets from Daloopa, PitchBook, and LSEG News without needing separate contracts or subscriptions. The company says bringing this data under the hood of ChatGPT will get analysts information more quickly and in better formats.
Financial analysts will also get a new way to check ChatGPT's data work. They can get ""granular citations"" for information, letting them ""trace figures and claims back to their sources, and check the evidence as their analysis develops,"" OpenAI's press release said.
OpenAI said it has improved its existing financial data features in ChatGPT and is working to add data from other providers, such as S&P Capital IQ, Factiva, and Moody's.
GPT-6 Astra, the company's latest model, can retrieve the right information, run financial analyses, and then synthesize those findings, OpenAI wrote.
The company plans to use this launch and its partnerships with banks to make more improvements down the road, saying it will train its models to ""find, interpret, and use this data like we know the best analysts can.""
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
Sarah Friar, the chief financial officer steering OpenAI through the buildup to its IPO, teased the financial services announcement at a Goldman Sachs conference on Tuesday. She named the banking focus alongside areas like chip design, life sciences, personal finance, and health.
Have a tip? Contact this reporter via email at scouncil@businessinsider.com, or over text, Signal, Telegram, or WhatsApp at 415-757-8198. Use a personal email address, a nonwork WiFi network, and a nonwork device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
26,2026-09-10,The AirPods 5 improve on the last generation in pretty much every way that counts.
27,2026-09-10,"If coding was one of AI's first big blockbuster apps, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang predicts cybersecurity will be the next.
Speaking at a Goldman Sachs conference on Thursday, Huang said that companies will increasingly use AI to find software vulnerabilities and defend against cyberattacks.
Huang's prediction comes as AI safety has become a hot debate in Silicon Valley. Researchers at companies like Anthropic have warned that increasingly powerful AI could pose existential threats if left unchecked — including by enabling more sophisticated cyberattacks.
Huang wasn't asked about the debate or weighing in on it. Instead, he said that increasingly capable AI will make cybersecurity one of the biggest business opportunities for the technology industry.
Huang said that cybersecurity is a natural extension of coding.
""A derivative of coding is, of course, bug finding,"" he said. ""And a derivative of that, which is a very large market, is called cybersecurity.""
Unlike coding assistants that respond to prompts, Huang said AI-powered cybersecurity systems run continuously — meaning companies will pay to keep them going around the clock.
The comments come as Nvidia has been pushing deeper into cybersecurity. The company has recently announced partnerships with CrowdStrike, Cisco, and Palantir to build AI-powered cybersecurity tools.
Other AI giants are also betting on cybersecurity. OpenAI chief financial officer Sarah Friar said Tuesday at the conference that the company sees cybersecurity as a major ""commercial opportunity."" 
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
Have a tip? Contact this reporter via email at gweiss@businessinsider.com or Signal at @geoffweiss.25. Use a personal email address and a nonwork device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
28,2026-09-10,"Or try my new AI-powered search bot


								Type your email…							
 








 
Subscribe 

Have you thought about subscribing? It's free.
seths.blog/subscribe

Lazy isn’t a moral failing. It’s an economic consideration.
We have limited time, limited energy and limited resources. Allocating that effort is often done in response to what’s at stake and what’s on offer.
The clean room at a silicon fab or operating theater is clean because everyone involved puts in a lot of effort to keep it that way. And that effort is expensive.
It’s not efficiency or precision. Those are important on their own. The gap between laziness and not-lazy requires effort in the face of nuance, challenges or frustrations.
The staff at Motel 6 will put less effort into each guest’s requests than at the Ritz down the street because there’s a lot more staff per person at the Ritz. 
There’s organizational laziness, in which a system is designed to have each person care a bit less about each task in exchange for completing more tasks, and there’s individual laziness, which is the natural consequence of disrespectful management.
If the boss insists on non-lazy behavior, but doesn’t give the team the time, the training, the tools or the compensation to do so, it’s not going to happen, not in the long run. Over time, not-lazy is rarely free.
AI bots have an economic incentive to do as little as they can get away with, and so do we. Programmers around the world are frustrated that coding bots almost solve the problem, but don’t seem to care enough to put in the extra cycles to get it right. But that’s what we’re (not) paying for.
The mismatches are frustrating. We might be delighted when we get not-lazy responses that we didn’t pay for, but it ruins a brand or a project when the effort we expected from a system or a person doesn’t match what we think we paid for.
Some clarifying questions:
Are our customers already paying for the non-lazy option? Or do they think they should be getting it for free?
If we wanted to disrupt our competitors by being the non-lazy option, what would we have to do and how could we communicate that?
How can we manage systems, processes and people so they have the resources and rewards they need to take the non-lazy approach?
If we’re trapped or pushed into the lazy path, how can we build systems so that laziness doesn’t damage our work?
How much extra could we charge for not-lazy? And are we prepared to keep that promise?
“You’ll pay a bit more but you’ll get more than you paid for” is almost always a winning market position.


September 10, 2026
"
29,2026-09-10,"
Join the club for quick access. Enter your email below and we'll send confirmation, and sign you up to our newsletter.


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest about Microsoft
Updates, launches and rumors.
Latest about AI.
AI updates, how-tos and comparisons in one place.

Explore your membership benefits.


Stay Ahead with Windows Central


Get the biggest gaming news, reviews, and releases straight to your inbox.

YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    Windows Wrap: Project Zenith holds the key to fixing Windows 11
                                

                                    The most important laptop innovation at IFA wasn't AI, it was the fan
                                

                                    MacBook Neo has another rival: Lenovo's colorful new IdeaPad Vibe lets you build a laptop with personality
                                
All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
Being first means nothing if you give up, and Apple’s foldable exposes Microsoft's total lack of hardware commitment.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Apple didn't shock the world this week by unveiling the iPhone Duo, but it has taken the tech world by storm. With Apple joining the folding phone fray, we now have millions of people considering foldables that never would have considered the category.
With the iPhone Duo sharing so much with the Surface Duo, it's natural to make comparisons. Our Zac Bowden explained what went wrong with Surface Duo and highlighted Apple copying the names of Surface products.
But the iPhone Duo announcement stood out to me for another reason. It shows what happens when a company knows its own identity and leans into it. Apple is far from the first company to make a foldable phone, but the iPhone Duo tackles foldables in a way that's quintessentially Apple.
 



In normal Apple fashion, the company bided its time and waited for Samsung, Motorola, Xiaomi, and other companies to work out the biggest issues with foldables. Through years of trial and error, other manufacturers have determined the best form factor for a folding phone. They've also figured out use cases for folding screens and the large displays provided by what are essentially tablets that fold into phones at this point.
Apple's patient approach does more than give its engineers real-world feedback about a product category. By waiting until foldables became normal, Apple has left potentially the most difficult task to be completed by other companies: getting people to even consider a folding phone that costs a fortune.
Every time Apple introduces a new product or feature that's been seen elsewhere, people online joke about Apple ""inventing"" things. I get it. It's an easy joke and some Apple heads are smug and ignore advances made by other companies. But Apple's strategy works. In addition to making Apple money hand over fist, it creates good products.
Apple knows what it is. The leaders at Apple have a clear strategy and know how to make new products. Microsoft is lost when it comes to Surface, and the iPhone Duo shows that.
 



Before you jump to the comments, I am fully aware that Microsoft had a foldable phone years before Apple. The buggy mess that was the Surface Duo launched in 2020. After silently fixing a few bugs and realizing people want NFC and good cameras in a smartphone, Microsoft unveiled the Surface Duo 2. But Microsoft abandoned the Surface Duo lineup and never even released the Surface Duo 3, so I'm not going to give it the benefit of the doubt.
By not sticking with the Surface Duo lineup, Microsoft gave up its pioneer status. The company could have made a Surface Duo 3 that addressed concerns and then unveiled a model with a folding screen by now. But instead, Surface Duo is dusted.
When it comes to tech, you need to carve out a niche. That's often done by being the first, the best, or the most affordable. You can also succeed by being unique or by being over the top. Surface used to check some of these boxes, but it rarely does anymore.
What is Surface in 2026? It's no longer the innovative hardware maker that drove the 2-in-1 form factor. Experimental projects have been pushed to the wayside, leaving Lenovo to pick up the slack. Surface PCs were never the most affordable, and I'd argue they aren't even the best options in their respective categories anymore.
Microsoft has shown some small signs of moving in the right direction with the Surface Laptop Ultra, but I still have my reservations. Surface still seems lost, and I don't see Microsoft returning to the experimental roots of the product family.
Microsoft no longer pushes the limits of computing with experimental hardware. But it also does not wait long enough to see a category fully mature and then swoop in with a perfected version. Surface is stuck in the middle of a crowded PC space and feels like a leftover appendage of a bloated company.
 



Join us on Reddit at r/WindowsCentral to share your insights and discuss our latest news, reviews, and more.
Sean Endicott is a News Writer at Windows Central, where he covers Windows 11, Surface hardware, Microsoft 365, AI, apps, and the broader PC ecosystem. Since joining the site in 2017, he has written well over a thousand articles across the Microsoft landscape, covering breaking news, analysis, and feature reporting.
He writes Windows Wrap, a weekly column covering the biggest stories in Windows and the PC industry, and what they mean for the platform going forward.
Before joining Windows Central full-time, Sean worked in journalism and media production after earning a First Class degree in Broadcast Journalism from Nottingham Trent University. Outside of tech, he is an award-winning American football coach based in Nottingham, England, and was named BAFCA Youth Coach of the Year in 2024.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
30,2026-09-10,"Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
The Galaxy A37 5G is a budget phone with flagship-level specs. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

It's not unusual for Big Three providers to run free phone deals, but when an affordable prepaid carrier like Metro by T-Mobile does it, one should take note. Bring your number and add a line with any of Metro's plans (starting at $40/month) and you'll get the Samsung Galaxy A37 for completely free. No trade-in required, no hidden taxes or fees to worry about.
That's a $450 value, and the T-Mobile-owned carrier will even waive the activation fee. $40 per month for unlimited talk, text, and data AND one of the best cheap Android phones on the market? Sign me up.
Samsung Galaxy A37 5G 128GB: $449.99 FREE with phone plan at Metro by T-Mobile
Join Metro by T-Mobile with its $40/month unlimited plan and you'll get enough promo credits to make the Galaxy A37 5G completely free. There's no device activation fee to worry about, and there are no hidden taxes or charges applied at checkout. It's just a single payment of $40 today, period. 
Completely owned and operated by T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile is an affordable prepaid carrier that harnesses the power of its parent company to deliver comprehensive wireless for cheap. The $40/month Unlimited 5G Data plan gives you unlimited talk, text, and data on T-Mo's vast 5G network, plus you get access to Scam Shield protection and exclusive offers through T-Mobile Tuesdays.
It may lack a lot of the bells and whistles included in some unlimited plans (particularly those offered by Big Three providers), but if you just want simple, affordable wireless with no hidden fees or regular price increases, Metro by T-Mobile has you covered.
The only catch is that, since it's a prepaid provider, it is possible for your Metro service to get deprioritized when T-Mobile's network is busy. This can only occur after 35GB of data is used in one billing cycle, however, so it's really only an issue if you're a particularly heavy data user.
 



Starting at $449.99, the Galaxy A37 is a budget phone that punches well above its weight class, with a stunning 6.7-inch AMOLED display, snappy Exynos 1480 chipset, and a bunch of AI-powered camera features. The device also boasts an efficient 5,000mAh battery that lasts longer than some flagships, plus you get six years of guaranteed OS and security upgrades, which is a rarity in this price range.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
After almost a decade of working in the e-commerce space, Patrick Farmer (he/him) began his career at Android Central as a Deals and Commerce Writer before moving into a new role as AC's eCommerce Editor in 2023. When he's not hunting down the best deals and offering shopping advice for our readers, you'll often find him listening to music, camping out at a brewery, or treating his cat like a human child. 
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
31,2026-09-10,"Mao Ning says the country’s AI is built on self-reliance. The response comes weeks before Trump and Xi are due to discuss AI governance.
China’s foreign ministry has rejected the joint US intelligence advisory accusing Chinese developers of extracting capabilities from American frontier models at industrial scale, calling on Washington to stop making unfounded accusations and smears.
Mao Ning, a ministry spokesperson, said China’s AI development is the result of high-level technological self-reliance and strength, according to accounts of her remarks. The response was reported on Wednesday, a day after the advisory was published.
We reported the advisory when it appeared. The NSA, FBI, and CISA named six Chinese companies, listed which American model each was said to have targeted, and described distillation as the core of how those companies build rather than a supplement to it. The document also disputed the training cost figure that made DeepSeek famous.
Note what the rejection does not do. It does not address any of the per-company allegations, does not dispute the technical account of how requests were routed, and does not respond to the claim about bulk-purchased premium subscriptions shared across teams.
It asserts self-reliance as a matter of national principle, the same framing Beijing used when the accusation was first made by the White House earlier this year. That is a diplomatic answer to a technical document, which is the normal shape of these exchanges and is also why they never resolve anything.
The advisory was unusually specific for a public intelligence product, which is what makes the mismatch conspicuous. Naming six firms and attributing particular models to each invites a rebuttal on those particulars. None has been offered by the ministry or, as far as is publicly known, by the companies.
Timing explains some of the register. Trump and Xi are expected to discuss AI governance later this month, and neither side benefits from a detailed argument about who trained on whose outputs in the days before.
Treasury secretary Scott Bessent, who has previously threatened sanctions on Chinese AI, has said China can never get ahead of the United States, which is the sort of remark that guarantees a foreign ministry response regardless of the underlying facts.
The awkwardness for Washington is that distillation is not obviously illegal, and the industry it is defending has its own history with other people’s data. US labs face a growing stack of litigation over training material they did not license.
The advisory’s answer is that this is different because it involves circumventing access controls rather than scraping the open web, which is a real distinction. It is also a narrower one than the framing suggests.
There is also a commercial subtext neither government mentions. Chinese open-weight models have been undercutting American ones on price for two years, and European buyers have noticed. Our reporting on the competitiveness argument in Brussels keeps running into the same fact: the cheapest capable models are frequently not American.
An advisory that reframes that price advantage as the proceeds of theft is doing work in a market, whatever else it is doing in intelligence.
For Europe the practical question is neither country’s. Both DeepSeek and the American models named in the advisory are in use in European companies and public bodies.
If the US position is that a set of Chinese models were built on capabilities taken without authorisation, that is a procurement question for anyone running them, and no European regulator has said anything about it. The AI Office has enforcement powers and a very small team.
Nothing in the exchange changes what either side does next. The advisory was an attribution exercise, not an enforcement action, and the rejection was a statement, not a defence.
What both do is set the terms for the meeting later this month, where the disagreement will be about export controls and market access rather than about training data.



                                    Alina Maria Stan builds connections that people actually feel. As co-founder and COO of Tekpon, she turns product intuition into real moment                                                                        (show all)

Alina Maria Stan builds connections that people actually feel. As co-founder and COO of Tekpon, she turns product intuition into real moments of discovery, shaping how teams find and adopt SaaS every day. Since 2020, she has led Tekpon’s brand voice, media strategy, and growth plays with a clear focus on human outcomes behind every metric.
Before Tekpon, Alina followed curiosity across industries and countries. She was CEO of King Casino Bonus and led affiliate and brand strategy at Extremoo Media and Fable Media in Denmark, where she learned how to build partnerships that last. Early on, she sharpened her CRM and pricing instincts at K.H. ApS, always asking why customers choose what they choose.
Her approach is rooted in more than a decade of international experience and two master’s degrees, one in Sustainable Consumption from the Technical University of Munich and one in Consumer Affairs Management from Aarhus University.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
32,2026-09-10,"Euno raises $23m in a Series A led by N47 to build a context layer that tells enterprise AI agents which data to trust and what they may touch. Founders of Wiz, Cyera and Tableau also invested. The Israeli-American startup has not yet disclosed revenue.
Euno co-founders Eyal Firstenberg (left) and Sarah Levy.
Euno has raised a $23m Series A led by N47. The startup builds what it calls a context platform for enterprise AI agents. Chief executive Sarah Levy first disclosed the round to Axios Pro, before the company published its announcement on Wednesday.
Existing investor 10D also took part, alongside a group of founders from the security and data world. They include Wiz co-founder Yinon Kostika and Cyera chief executive Yotam Segev. Eon chief executive Ofir Ehrlich, Tavily founder Rotem Weiss and former Tableau chief executive Mark Nelson also invested. The round takes Euno’s total funding to $29m.
Picture an agent asked for last quarter’s customer churn. A big company may have several versions of that number, built by different teams, some of them stale. Access to the database does not tell the agent which one the finance team trusts. Euno’s bet is that this missing knowledge, not model quality, is what keeps agents out of production.
Euno says its platform learns how an organisation builds, uses and governs its data. Each agent then gets only the slice of context its task needs. It also enforces access rules, so an agent does not reach data it should not. As agents act, the system feeds what it learns back into that shared picture.
Levy frames that accumulated knowledge as the lasting advantage. “Models keep getting better and cheaper,” she said in the announcement. The moat, in her view, is the company’s own record “of how work gets done.”
The pitch lands in a crowded part of the stack. Security startups are raising large rounds to control what agents can touch, including Act Security and Onyx Security. Levy argues data teams have been right to slow AI down. Nobody, she said, could tell them what an agent would reach once connected.
Levy and Eyal Firstenberg founded Euno in 2023. Both graduated from Talpiot, the Israeli military’s technology programme. Levy was previously chief technology officer at Sight Diagnostics. Firstenberg was vice president of research and development at LightCyber, which Palo Alto Networks acquired. He now leads Euno’s San Francisco office.
The company has nearly 30 staff across the US and Israel. It expects to double that by the end of the year. It says most of the new money will go into sales, marketing and AI research.
Named customers include market intelligence company AlphaSense and telecoms group Zayo. Zayo’s director of data and AI governance, Will Mitchell, said Euno let the company skip building a traditional data catalogue.
Euno has not disclosed revenue or a customer count beyond saying it works with Fortune 500 organisations. Its claim to deploy AI in weeks rather than a year is the company’s own. Moshe Zilberstein, a general partner at N47, called Euno the only company building this kind of infrastructure natively for AI, a claim from an investor with an obvious stake in it.
The market it depends on is real, though. The biggest data platforms, including Databricks and Snowflake, are racing to make their data usable by agents. That gives a small context layer a large pool of potential customers, and large potential rivals.
Levy told Axios Pro that Euno may raise again within 12 months if customer traction stays strong. A named customer count, or revenue, would be the clearest sign that it has.



                                    Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing hi                                                                        (show all)

Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing himself as one of the most connected and respected voices in the ecosystem. At just 23 years old, Cristian was included in the Forbes 30 Under 30 2025 list, representing a new generation of tech builders, bold thinkers who move fast, build with purpose, and create real impact.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
33,2026-09-10,"Salesforce completed its $3.6bn purchase of Fin on Thursday. Business Insider reports that Salesforce has also held talks to buy Listen Labs, an AI customer research startup, for around $2bn. Listen Labs walked away from a $1.5bn funding round, and the talks may still fail.
Marc Benioff, Salesforce’s chair and chief executive, on stage at Dreamforce in October 2025.
Salesforce completed its acquisition of Fin on Thursday, bringing the customer service AI company formerly known as Intercom into its business. The same week, Business Insider’s Katie Roof and Ben Bergman reported that Salesforce has held talks to buy a second AI startup, Listen Labs, for around $2bn.
Business Insider said the Listen Labs talks were not finalised and could still fail. Neither company responded to its requests for comment. TNW has not independently verified the report.
Salesforce first agreed to buy Fin for $3.6bn in June. Its closing announcement says Fin brings more than 30,000 customer companies and its own AI models trained for customer service.
Fin’s agent answers customer queries across chat, email, WhatsApp, SMS, voice and Slack. The company says it resolves 76% of queries on average without a human. Fin will sit inside Salesforce’s AI Labs and keep serving its existing customers.
“The #1 customer agent meets the #1 CRM,” said Marc Benioff, Salesforce’s chair and chief executive. Eoghan McCabe, Fin’s co-founder and chief executive, said joining Salesforce would let Fin reach far more businesses.
Listen Labs automates customer research. Its AI writes survey questions, interviews people over audio or video, and turns the conversations into reports and slides. That work usually takes human market researchers weeks.
Alfred Wahlforss and Florian Jüngermann founded the company in 2023, after meeting at Harvard. Jüngermann was previously a national champion in competitive programming in Germany. Business Insider lists Microsoft, Anthropic, Google, Nestlé, Sweetgreen and Perplexity among its customers.
In January, Listen Labs announced a $69m Series B led by Ribbit Capital, at a valuation of $500m. A $2bn deal would be four times that price, eight months later.
The talks appear to have cost Listen Labs another deal. TechCrunch’s Marina Temkin reported that the startup had signed a term sheet for a $125m Series C at a $1.5bn valuation, led by Menlo Ventures. According to several people familiar with the matter, the round never closed. Listen Labs walked away. VCs told TechCrunch that backing out of a signed term sheet is unusual and poorly regarded in venture circles.
TechCrunch also reported that Listen Labs has about $30m in annualised revenue. That is roughly three times the revenue of its rival Simile, which raised $200m at a $2bn valuation in July. Simile predicts human behaviour with AI rather than interviewing real people.
The price is the sticking point. A $2bn deal would value Listen Labs at around 67 times its revenue. One person with experience negotiating exits to Salesforce told TechCrunch the company may decide that is too steep. If the talks collapse, several VCs expect Listen Labs to raise at $2bn or more.
Both deals feed Agentforce, Salesforce’s AI agent platform. Fin handles service conversations. Listen Labs, according to Business Insider, would help Agentforce understand what customers think and suggest what they might buy.
Salesforce has been buying steadily. It agreed to acquire the Berlin-founded content platform Contentful in June, and billing startup m3ter the same month. In August, it made Anthropic’s Claude central to its products through its Claudeforce partnership.
The wider market is paying up too. Nvidia confirmed this month that it is buying Hugging Face for $12.93bn. Whether Salesforce will pay 67 times revenue for a customer research tool is the question the Listen Labs talks now have to answer.



                                    Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing hi                                                                        (show all)

Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing himself as one of the most connected and respected voices in the ecosystem. At just 23 years old, Cristian was included in the Forbes 30 Under 30 2025 list, representing a new generation of tech builders, bold thinkers who move fast, build with purpose, and create real impact.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
34,2026-09-10,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Ian Rogers shares his biggest lesson from building Apple Music. 
Copied to clipboard
He helped build the soundtrack of the internet age, turned a scrappy MP3 player into a Yahoo acquisition, sold Beats to Apple and helped launch Apple Music. 
Now, Ian Rogers is betting that the next great consumer platform is not music, but security for your money and identity. He’s building the future from rural Italy as chief human agency officer at the $1.5 billion security startup Ledger.
Rogers grew up in Indiana and discovered computer science in the early 1990s, right as the web took off. “It was a great time to study computer science because when I started, it was sort of like rocket science to people, and then by the end, people were trying AOL,” he tells Entrepreneur. “I was there at the very beginning of the web and made some of the first websites.”
That curiosity quickly collided with music. He dropped out of grad school to go on tour with a band, which took him to California. There, he helped build a popular MP3 player that he sold to AOL in 1999, then another music application that Yahoo acquired. Rogers went on to run Yahoo Music from 2003 to 2008. 
He then built Beats Music and sold it to Apple in 2014. He joined Apple as senior director of Apple Music, overseeing the launch of the music streaming service in 2015. 
Rogers still feels a personal connection to that product. When he met his now-wife, she questioned his loyalty to Apple Music over Spotify. His answer about why he chose Apple Music was simple: “Because I built it.”
Rogers’ time at Apple continues to shape how he thinks about products. 
From Apple, Rogers brought a simple, powerful lesson: People buy an ecosystem. “When you buy an iPhone, you’re not buying a piece of hardware,” he says. “You’re buying blue bubbles instead of green bubbles; you’re buying AirDrop; you’re buying FaceTime. That’s part of the experience of being an Apple user versus being an Android user.”
Apple’s genius was creating an integrated experience that “just works,” from the iPod in the early 2000s through to the modern iPhone, Rogers explains. 
After Apple, Rogers moved to Paris to serve as the chief digital officer of LVMH, helping take a traditionally offline luxury group from 3% ecommerce in 2015 to 100% online during the pandemic. 
Nicolas Bacca, Eric Larcheveque and Joel Pobeda founded Ledger in 2014, and Rogers came on board in 2021 as its chief experience officer. Ledger was last valued at $1.5 billion in 2021.
The Paris-based company was founded on a simple premise: The same secure chip technology used in credit cards and passports could be used to protect digital assets. To that end, the startup makes physical hardware crypto wallets that store the digital passwords, known as private keys, needed to access and move cryptocurrency. The devices keep these sensitive keys completely offline, so hackers cannot access them. 
The company’s latest piece of hardware, the $179 NanoGen 5, claims “to protect your assets and identity.” Ledger has sold more than eight million devices.
Today, Rogers’ title is chief human agency officer; he pushed for the change as Ledger doubled down on AI security. “AI security is a top three problem for humanity at the moment,” he says. “What I realized is that that’s not about AI; it’s actually about humans. The job here is keeping humans secure and in control.”
Rogers says that if he were 25 years old today, he would learn to manage AI agents. 
“We will all become the managers of AI agents,” he says. “The same way that we’re all kind of information peddlers today, we’re having an intelligence revolution that is actually computers taking actions on our behalf.”
In his view, humans will be “end to end” by starting processes and validating results, while agents handle the “middle to middle” work. “Therefore, the same way that we all have computers on our desks today, we will all be having agents on our desks tomorrow,” Rogers says. “And so, if I were 25 years old, I would be building skills at managing agents. Period.”
How do you actually do that? Rogers’ advice is to get your hands dirty with the tools, just as he did with web technologies in the 90s and 2000s.
For founders, his hard-won lesson is about market selection and pain points.
“I think the main thing I’ve gotten wrong in my career is sizing the market relative to my own personal interest,” he admits. “There’s a joke that every college student has a business idea that’s about either music or bars, because that’s what they know.”
What impresses him now are founders who dig deep into pressing, unsexy problems, like logistics and insurance, and uncover real pain. “You find the pain, and then you make a painkiller. You don’t make a painkiller and then go looking for pain,” he says. 
He helped build the soundtrack of the internet age, turned a scrappy MP3 player into a Yahoo acquisition, sold Beats to Apple and helped launch Apple Music. 
Now, Ian Rogers is betting that the next great consumer platform is not music, but security for your money and identity. He’s building the future from rural Italy as chief human agency officer at the $1.5 billion security startup Ledger.
Rogers grew up in Indiana and discovered computer science in the early 1990s, right as the web took off. “It was a great time to study computer science because when I started, it was sort of like rocket science to people, and then by the end, people were trying AOL,” he tells Entrepreneur. “I was there at the very beginning of the web and made some of the first websites.”

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
35,2026-09-10,"Wow. After Samsung had a seven-year head start on Apple in the foldables market, the company really had to live up to its ethos of waiting until it could do a far better job than everyone else, and boy did it deliver with the iPhone Duo!
It was abundantly clear that Apple had thought through every detail of what a foldable iPhone needed to be, and has taken advantage of every benefit the form factor has to offer …
It starts with the basics. Prior reports talked about Apple waiting until it could make the crease virtually invisible and ensure the hinge design would be robust enough to survive endless cycles of folding and unfolding, and while the latter remains to be seen, we can already see the work that went into that hinge design.
There’s the under-screen front-facing camera that’s visible when you need it and almost invisible when you don’t.
Apple also thought about all of the different ways in which the device could be held or positioned, and how the software could best take advantage of that.
I’m not sure who first said it, but I think it’s absolutely true that great design is something no-one else thought of, yet looks blindingly obvious in hindsight. The OG iPhone was a great example of this. Other smartphones had physical keyboards and required* a stylus to use them, while the iPhone is used with your finger and a keyboard only appears when it’s required. It was obvious afterwards that of course smartphones should work this way.
*Yes, the Duo supports the Apple Pencil, but it doesn’t require one.
For me, there were plenty of examples of this in the Duo presentation. Why should we need to first isolate a subject in a photo and then copy it into another app when we could simply drag it there directly from the original photo? That’s completely obvious after the fact.
Replacing a camera self-timer with the device simply waiting until everyone stops moving and then taking the photo automatically. Obvious!
I think, as always, Apple marketing and imagery is excellent. My immediate reaction is usually that it is super sleek, I want one, but then reality sets in, and especially for this device, that 2k price tag makes the decision easy, along with the supply issues, which I expect will cause back orders into early 2027… the price increases across the board, even on the refurb models, while the norm nowadays, really sours the whole thing imo… I used to say people should treat phone upgrades like cars, and invest in one and commit to it for several years, and now that seems to apply more than ever since they will soon cost the same!
Then there were the UI features that have no reason to exist but simply look beautiful, like that blurring effect as you fold the phone.
I could go on at some length, but the bottom line is that I had extremely high expectations for this device yet was still blown away by just how good it appears to be. I’m British; the only time we ever use the word “wow” is sarcastically – but I still had to open this piece with it, without a trace of sarcasm.
This device isn’t the best match for me. To me, an iPhone is about 50% ultra-slim camera, 49% pocket computer, and 1% phone. The iPhone 18 Pro Max is a better device for my needs. However, I was experiencing extreme levels of technolust for the iPhone Duo. 
And that brings me to that “little bit the worst of Apple” remark in the headline. The company has the ability to create product videos that make us feel we can reach out through the screen and touch the device. Apple can create strong desire for a product we have absolutely no business buying. I’m not the target market for the iPhone Duo, but I do, absolutely, unquestionably want one. How about you?
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels, a couple of SF shorts and a rom-com!"
36,2026-09-10,"By Tharuniyaa Lakshmi and Niket Nishant Sept 10 (Reuters) - Futures tracking the Dow and the S&P 500 indexes attempted a recovery after a three-day slide, as..."
37,2026-09-10,"Markets are taking a beating as crude oil surges past $100 and Treasury yields hit multi-year highs, setting up a make-or-break inflation report that could seal the Fed's next move. Wall Street analysts are already repositioning across semiconductors, biotech, and…

Futures are trading lower after a second brutal day, with all major indices finishing lower again. Rising rates, Brent Crude trading above $100, and what appears to be an increase in the Iran attacks in the Persian Gulf were all it took for sellers to keep hitting bids. Once again, the small-cap Russell 2000 led the major indices lower, closing at 2,919, down 1.40%, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq closed at 26,253, down 0.64%.
The Dow Jones Industrials closed the session at 52,381, down 0.77%, and the S&P 500 finished the day at 7,636, down 0.48%. August inflation data starts this morning with the producer price index, expected to come in at 0.4% for the headline month-over-month print and 0.3% for the core, which excludes energy and food; the consumer price index data will hit Friday morning. Should they come in above estimates, that will all but assure a rate hike when the Federal Reserve meets next week.
Yields were higher across the entire curve after it was announced that the Treasury Department will buy back less long-term government debt than initially anticipated. Some on Wall Street pegged the amount as high as $10 billion, but the final total will be $6 billion. When the final bell rang, the 30-year bond closed at  5.29%, while the benchmark 10-year note closed at  4.84%, the highest in almost 3 years. 
The energy complex extended its surge higher as the conflict with Iran continues to ramp up to levels not seen since before the summer. Brent Crude finished the day at $101.60, up 3.76%, while West Texas Intermediate was last seen at $96.68, up 3.94%. Natural gas was the big loser Wednesday, closing down 3.74% at $2.81.
Precious metals returned to their winning ways yesterday as central bank gold demand and ongoing geopolitical tensions keep a firm bid under the group. Gold closed the session at $4,400 up 1.06%, while Silver finished trading at $67.16 up 2.33%. As we mentioned this week, Goldman Sachs reiterated its year-end $4,900 target price for the bullion, which, if correct, could suggest a strong fourth-quarter move.
Crypto traded mixed-to-defensive on Wednesday as the escalation in the Middle East pushed Brent crude above $100 a barrel. Bitcoin still held up, rising to around $79,700 and tracking gold rather than falling equities. Despite the shaky macro backdrop, leveraged long positions in crypto derivatives held firm, effectively a bet that Bitcoin can weather the oil shock and hold its ground into Friday’s inflation data, which will help shape expectations for the Fed’s September meeting next week. At 8 AM EDT, Bitcoin is trading at $77,810, while Ethereum is quoted at $2,459.
24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports every day to identify fresh investment ideas for investors and traders alike. These daily analyst notes include recommendations on stocks to buy, sell, or avoid, as well as new coverage initiations. Important reminder: No single analyst report should ever be the sole basis for buying or selling a stock.
 
Here are some of the top Wall Street analyst upgrades, downgrades, and initiations from Thursday, September 10, 2026.  
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Lee Jackson has covered Wall Street analysts' equity and debt research and equity strategy daily for 24/7 Wall St. since 2012. His broad, diverse career, including a stint as creative services director at an NBC affiliate in Austin, Texas, gives him unique insight into the financial industry.
Lee Jackson's journey in the financial industry spans more than 30 years, including nearly two decades as an institutional equity salesperson at Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, and Morgan Stanley. His career spanned pivotal sell-side Wall Street events, from the dot-com rise and bubble to the Long-Term Capital Management debacle, 9/11, and the Great Recession of 2008. This reflects his resilience and adaptability amid market volatility.
Lee Jackson’s practical financial industry experience, gained through a career at some of the biggest banks and brokerage firms, is complemented by a lifetime of writing across various platforms. This unique combination allows him to shed light on the intricacies of Wall Street in a way only someone with deep insider experience and knowledge can. Moreover, his extensive network across Wall Street continues to provide direct access for him and 24/7 Wall St., a privilege few firms enjoy. 
Since 2012, Jackson’s work for 24/7 Wall St. has been featured in Barron’s, Yahoo Finance, MarketWatch, Business Insider, TradingView, Real Money, The Street, Seeking Alpha, Benzinga, and other media outlets. He attended the prestigious Cranbrook Schools in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, and has a degree in broadcasting from the Specs Howard School of Media Arts.
Pre-Market Stock Futures: Futures are trading lower after a big start to the holiday-shortened trading week, which saw every index trade higher, after the small-cap Russell 2000 eked out a tiny gain on the close,…
Pre-Market Stock Futures: Futures are trading lower this morning, as issues in the Strait of Hormuz get murkier. Depending on how the oil situation is going, that is dictating market direction, and on Wednesday,…
Iran fired on ships, Trump answered with missiles and seized the Strait of Hormuz, and Wall Street spent Tuesday sorting out who gets hurt and who benefits. Analysts at KeyBanc, HSBC, and Mizuho made…
Pre-Market Stock Futures: The futures are trading flat on Tuesday after we opened the week on the downside, with all major indices finishing the day lower. With the Federal Reserve meeting this week, investors…
Wall Street analysts are reshuffling their bets ahead of a critical inflation report and NVIDIA earnings that could jolt markets in either direction. Find out which names got upgraded, cut, or newly covered before…
Pre-Market Stock Futures: Futures are trading higher on Tuesday after new highs on Friday turned into a risk-off Monday, triggered by rising oil prices, a report that Iran attacked the UAE, and an additional…
Pre-Market Stock Futures: Futures are trading higher as we get ready to conclude another dreadful week on Wall Street. The song remains the same as soaring oil prices, another week of war with Iran,…
With all eyes locked on this morning's CPI release and the Strait of Hormuz nearly shut down, Wall Street analysts are already repositioning across hospitality, pharma, and tech before the market even opens.
Pre-Market Stock Futures: Futures are trading higher after a strong bounce-back Monday, with all major indices ending the day higher, as we started February on a winning note. Investors were able to look past…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
38,2026-09-10,"BREAKING: S&P 500 Breaks Support As Oil, Yields Soar; CPI Inflation Due

Treasury yields hit highs Thursday amid worries of higher oil prices coming home to roost with an inflation report for August on deck. That, and continuing tensions in the Middle East, sent stocks lower. Meanwhile, Nvidia (NVDA) slid while Apple (AAPL) headed higher after its launch of the folding iPhone on the stock market today. Major indexes wrapped up four…
Copyright ©2026 Investor's Business Daily, LLC. All rights reserved. 87990cbe856818d5eddac44c7b1cdeb8

11:09 AM ET
					Sellers hit the stock market again ahead of a key inflation report Friday. Copper stocks sold off, but Apple soared...				

11:09 AM ET
					Sellers hit the stock market again ahead of a key...				
(© Gary Neill)
Get instant access to exclusive stock lists, expert market analysis and powerful tools with 2 months of IBD Digital for only $20!
Get market updates, educational videos, webinars, and stock analysis.
Learn how you can make more money with IBD's investing tools, top-performing stock lists, and educational content.
Information in Investor’s Business Daily is for informational and educational purposes only and should not be construed as an offer, recommendation, solicitation, or rating to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, but we make no guarantee as to its accuracy, timeliness, or suitability, including with respect to information that appears in closed captioning. Historical investment performances are no indication or guarantee of future success or performance. Authors/presenters may own the stocks they discuss. We make no representations or warranties regarding the advisability of investing in any particular securities or utilizing any specific investment strategies. Information is subject to change without notice. For information on use of our services, please see our Terms of Use.
*Real-time prices by Nasdaq Last Sale. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. Ownership data provided by LSEG and Estimate data provided by FactSet.
IBD, IBD Digital, IBD Live, IBD Weekly, Investor's Business Daily, Leaderboard, MarketDiem, MarketSurge and other marks are trademarks owned by Investor's Business Daily, LLC.
©2026 Investor’s Business Daily, LLC. All Rights Reserved."
39,2026-09-10,"NVIDIA dominates AI infrastructure while AMD plays scrappy underdog, but one valuation metric suggests the market may be sleeping on the wrong stock. The answer comes down to a single GPU ramp that could reshape the competitive picture through 2027.


NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) and AMD (NASDAQ:AMD) both reported quarters that redefined what an AI cycle looks like.
NVIDIA posted $96.22B in revenue, up 105.8% YoY. AMD delivered $11.54B, up 50.1% YoY, with Data Center more than doubling. One dominates. The other is finally scaling. That contrast is the whole trade.
NVIDIA’s Data Center segment alone hit $89.02B, up 117% YoY, with networking growing 138% YoY. Vera Rubin is in full production, and Jensen Huang framed the moment bluntly: “AI has reached its inflection point. It’s doing useful work. 
Its tokens are productive and profitable. Now, compute is revenue.” Revenue per gigawatt has climbed from $18 billion on Hopper to $40 billion on Vera Rubin. That is monetization at scale.
AMD’s story is scrappier and, in some ways, more interesting. Data Center revenue reached $6.72B, up 107% YoY, and the segment swung to $2.10B operating income from a $155M loss.
Lisa Su said “Customer pull for Helios is very strong and tracking ahead of our initial forecasts.” Anthropic committed to up to 2 gigawatts of MI450 GPUs. That is a real anchor customer with committed capacity.
NVIDIA’s platform advantage is staggering. Operating margin sits at 60.4%, ROE at 101.5%, and supply commitments have surged to $279B, largely memory for Vera Rubin. Huang admitted the constraint openly: “At this moment, we have supply for 70%… Our demand is much higher than that.”
AMD trades at a forward P/E of 31 against NVIDIA’s 26, but AMD’s 2027 EPS estimate has jumped from 12.9595 ninety days ago to 15.4507, with 33 upward revisions in the trailing 30 days. That revision velocity is what “catching up” actually looks like on a chart. AMD stock has run 143.32% year to date versus NVIDIA’s 20.07%. The market is already voting.
Huang warned of “extreme pricing conditions in memory“, and NVIDIA expects margins to bottom at 71% to 72% in Q4.
For AMD, execution risk sits with Helios yields ramping through Q4 and into Q1 2027. Su expects data center segment revenue to more than double year-over-year in 2027. I want to see MI450 shipments hit that curve before celebrating.
I own the debate here. NVIDIA is the higher-quality business, full stop. If you want durable compounding tied to the AI infrastructure buildout, its $5.40T market cap is not automatically expensive given a PEG of 0.59. But the risk/reward tilts toward AMD.
The setup reminds me of Data Center CPUs five years ago: a credible number-two closing a gap that markets priced as permanent (we reverse-engineered what the biggest chip winners looked like early in a free playbook here: The Next Nvidia Playbook).
With Helios shipping, Anthropic and Meta anchoring multi-gigawatt commitments, and 2027 estimates still rising weekly, the asymmetry favors AMD. If Helios stumbles or memory costs eat gross margin, I’d rotate. Until then, AMD screens as the more asymmetric setup on the data.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Vandita Jadeja is a financial publisher with over a decade of experience writing about financial topics, including investment, savings, retirement, insurance and banking. Vandita is a Chartered Accountant who loves to debunk financial concepts for readers.
Her work has appeared on sites that include The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, and Benzinga. She covers  investing and focuses on stock picks and price prediction for 24/7 Wall St.
When not looking for the next stock investment opportunity, she can be found traveling, reading, chasing sunsets and enjoying her iced latte.
AMD just posted its best quarter ever while Nvidia shipped its way toward a trillion-dollar runway, and now every hyperscaler has to decide whether a credible second source is worth betting on.
Nvidia just posted numbers that suggest an unbreakable grip on AI infrastructure, yet AMD's biggest customers are quietly placing gigawatt-scale bets on a rival platform. What that split reveals about who actually controls the…
AMD just posted its best data center growth in years while Nvidia guided margins lower, and one number buried in both earnings calls reveals whether the AI chip race is actually tightening or if…
AMD and NVIDIA both posted explosive AI quarters, but they are betting on opposite visions of how the AI economy will actually be won. One of those visions fits the next phase of the…
AMD is chasing a slice of a $200 billion AI accelerator market that NVIDIA currently dominates with 75% margins and an 85% revenue surge. Whether Lisa Su's second-source strategy can actually force a wedge…
SpaceX just handed NVIDIA a high-profile win by locking in 20% of its next platform, leaving AMD without a flagship logo at the worst possible moment. The real question is whether this signals a…
AMD has already doubled in 2026 while Lisa Su insists the AI buildout is barely getting started, but a sky-high valuation and tightening export controls raise the question of whether the real gains are…
NVIDIA just reported revenue nearly eight times larger than AMD's AI hardware business, yet AMD shares have surged over 150% this year while NVIDIA barely moved. One of these valuations is pricing in a…
NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) and AMD (NASDAQ:AMD) both reported earnings in May, and the contrast says everything about today’s AI hardware market. NVIDIA posted a $81.6 billion quarter built on Blackwell dominance.…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
40,2026-09-10,"BREAKING: S&P 500 Breaks Support As Oil, Yields Soar; CPI Inflation Due

In the mid-1990s, AccuStaff came off a correction in its stock as well as an overall market retreat to make a remarkable jump within a short time. The company's meteoric rise shows how reading charts and following buy and sell rules can be better guides than opinions. AccuStaff provided temporary staffing personnel to business and government customers with 63 company-owned…
Copyright ©2026 Investor's Business Daily, LLC. All rights reserved. 87990cbe856818d5eddac44c7b1cdeb8
(© Gary Neill)
Get instant access to exclusive stock lists, expert market analysis and powerful tools with 2 months of IBD Digital for only $20!
Get market updates, educational videos, webinars, and stock analysis.
Learn how you can make more money with IBD's investing tools, top-performing stock lists, and educational content.
Information in Investor’s Business Daily is for informational and educational purposes only and should not be construed as an offer, recommendation, solicitation, or rating to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, but we make no guarantee as to its accuracy, timeliness, or suitability, including with respect to information that appears in closed captioning. Historical investment performances are no indication or guarantee of future success or performance. Authors/presenters may own the stocks they discuss. We make no representations or warranties regarding the advisability of investing in any particular securities or utilizing any specific investment strategies. Information is subject to change without notice. For information on use of our services, please see our Terms of Use.
*Real-time prices by Nasdaq Last Sale. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. Ownership data provided by LSEG and Estimate data provided by FactSet.
IBD, IBD Digital, IBD Live, IBD Weekly, Investor's Business Daily, Leaderboard, MarketDiem, MarketSurge and other marks are trademarks owned by Investor's Business Daily, LLC.
©2026 Investor’s Business Daily, LLC. All Rights Reserved."
41,2026-09-10,"On a summer's day, Evan Hubinger issued a stark warning about the future with a boba drink in his hand. Artificial intelligence was a threat to humanity beca..."
42,2026-09-10,"
			        September 10, 2026 12:00pm by
			        Barry Ritholtz 

 
 
I’m not a Shark Tank viewer. But I was intrigued by something Kevin O’Leary, aka Mr. Wonderful, said in this podcast (via a post by Nick Magiulli).
O’Leary discusses various aspects of his career, including ideal investments and what many entrepreneurs should strive for in their personal accounts. Specifically, he thinks all entrepreneurs should aim for a liquid $5,000,000 Treasury portfolio.
It’s not that this is terrible advice — it is; I get to why below. Rather, it’s that it’s so specific to O’Leary’s personal circumstances. I suspect — and I’m just speculating — that over the course of his investment career, opportunities have come and gone where the liquidity to write a big check wasn’t there at that moment, and that left its mark.
Perhaps he is projecting somewhat; maybe I am, too. How often does the real world interfere with our liquidity at the worst possible time? A down payment for a house, tuition for college, paying for a wedding — there are a million times when anyone who is not a gazillionaire will encounter demands on their capital. But that doesn’t mean any young entrepreneur should be striving to amass a $5M Treasury portfolio.
The reason why has been shaped by the probabilities of startup success and what happens to entrepreneurs over time. My experiences in multiple start-ups — as a founder and an investor — range from Crash & Burn to almost there to very successful.
In each case, there is a family to consider. The simple math is that for any young entrepreneur starting out, trying to build a company – and not knowing what the end result looks like many years down the road – a $5m treasury portfolio is just silly advice.
Why?
Start-up founders and entrepreneurs should pour all their time, effort, and money into their venture. You likely won’t have spare cash for a Treasury portfolio, much less retirement accounts. Once you get past an A and/or maybe a B round, you can start thinking about de-risking. But until then, it is not a radical concept for entrepreneurs to bet everything on the company – most of you are not buying a house, investing in equities, or buying bonds.1
Founders are all in, no hedges.
Land an A-round and a real salary? Great! Start putting some of your newfound cash flow aside as a good savings habit in an all-equity 401(k). It is a hedge against your start-up failing to beat the odds and eventually finding an exit.
~~~
Beyond the long odds that all start-ups and entrepreneurs face, another challenge is that you don’t know how its all gonna end. Every start-up I have been associated with sounded great!  Nobody puts time, energy, or money into things they think will fail. One of the risks of entrepreneurship is that you don’t know what the future looks like, including how successful your firm will be. This is true as a founder or an investor.
You might launch a firm that never finds an exit; you might not be flush with sudden wealth. What happens is that eventually, you pivot to a job with a salary, 401K, health care, etc. O’Leary’s advice to sit in bonds for your 20s, 30s, 40s, and 50s is especially terrible because he is anticipating an event that is statistically highly improbable.
What anyone with a little scratch should do is put that money into the stock market over those 30 years, building a substantial pile of capital and, at the very least, a comfortable retirement. Because, realistically, you cannot plan for investment liquidity when you have no idea what your real-life needs will be. Whatever you do with your spare capital must anticipate a range of possible outcomes, not merely the best-case scenario.
On the other hand, if you’ve already had that exit and you’ve been successful, well, then you have a pile of capital and a lot of complications. And that is great. In those circumstances, you have many options. To be blunt, Treasuries are NOT my first choice of fixed-income paper today.
For someone who has had that exit and liquidity event, there is a long list of things to do; generating taxable Treasury Bond income is not one of them.
Instead, that person should be discussing with their advisors and tax team how to minimize their capital gains taxes while creating a regular flow of tax-free income.
~~~
O’Leary is 72 years old and is worth north of $100 million. For someone at that stage of their career – really anyone in their 50s, 60s, or 70s – who’s accumulated some capital, enjoyed an exit, and knows exactly what their wealth looks like — that person has very different needs than a young entrepreneur. They likely have complicated trusts and/or estate plans, the usual family issues, complexity, ex-spouses and adult children, capital gains, the headache of K1s, and numerous tax & estate concerns.
I believe the best bet for those circumstances is tax-free municipal bonds. I’m a big fan of Canopy, which is Eric Golden’s version of direct indexing for municipal bonds (I’ll discuss that more in the future); you can personalize your Muni SMA to generate a maximum after-tax yield based on your specific income tax bracket and your state and federal tax rates. It also has the benefit of enabling tax-loss harvesting to offset capital gains realized elsewhere.
But Treasuries for a young entrepreneur who doesn’t know what the future holds? Pass. Or someone who has enjoyed a successful exit and is liquid for 9 or 10 figures? Hard pass. There are simply many better options available for the best use of your capital…
 
 
July 2026
Momey Market (Schwab SNAXX) 7-Day Yield 3.63%
T-Bills 4.08% Yield
Munis: 3.58% Yield;  Tax Equivalent Yield 6.38%
September 2026
Momey Market (Schwab SNAXX) 7-Day Yield 3.68%
T-Bills 4.18%
Munis: 4.07% Yield;  Tax Equivalent Yield 7.28%
 
 
See also:
Is $5M in Treasury Bills Enough to Be Set for Life?
Nick Maggiulli
Of Dollars and Data, June 30, 2026
Kevin O’Leary’s Shocking Prediction For The Stock Market, Housing Prices, & 2026 Economy,
The Iced Coffee Hour, March 29, 2026
 
Previously:
The Evolution of Alpha (April 3, 2026)
 
 
NOTE: This is the first in a regular series of posts focusing on the Evolution of Alpha.
 
 
__________
1. Unless your significant other has a stable, reliable income…
 
This content, which contains security-related opinions and/or information, is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon in any manner as professional advice, or an endorsement of any practices, products or services. There can be no guarantees or assurances that the views expressed here will be applicable for any particular facts or circumstances, and should not be relied upon in any manner. You should consult your own advisers as to legal, business, tax, and other related matters concerning any investment.  The commentary in this “post” (including any related blog, podcasts, videos, and social media)  reflects the personal opinions, viewpoints, and analyses of the Ritholtz Wealth Management employees providing such comments, and should not be regarded the views of Ritholtz Wealth Management LLC. or its respective affiliates or as a description of advisory services provided by Ritholtz Wealth Management or performance returns of any Ritholtz Wealth Management Investments client.   References to any securities or digital assets, or performance data, are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute an investment recommendation or offer to provide investment advisory services. Charts and graphs provided within are for informational purposes solely and should not be relied upon when making any investment decision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The content speaks only as of the date indicated. Any projections, estimates, forecasts, targets, prospects, and/or opinions expressed in these materials are subject to change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by others.   The Compound Media, Inc., an affiliate of Ritholtz Wealth Management, receives payment from various entities for advertisements in affiliated podcasts, blogs and emails. Inclusion of such advertisements does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by the Content Creator or by Ritholtz Wealth Management or any of its employees. Investments in securities involve the risk of loss. For additional advertisement disclaimers see here: https://www.ritholtzwealth.com/advertising-disclaimers  Please see disclosures here: https://ritholtzwealth.com/blog-disclosures/
Previous Post

Read More 
Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry daily.




How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy
Learn More...



    © 2026    The Big Picture  
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks.




Subscribe
"
43,2026-09-10,"This interview has been lightly edited for length and clarity.  Nick Statt: Hello and welcome to Decoder, Nilay’s show about big ideas and other problems. This is Nick Statt, senior producer. And I’m joined by our brand-new supervising producer, Greg Ott. Gre…"
44,2026-09-10,"The Nifty IT index experienced its largest single-day drop in three months on Wednesday.  Several IT stocks saw significant declines, reversing recent gains in the market.  Renewed risk-off sentiment and US interest rate hike worries triggered the broad sell-off.  Geopolitical tensions and rising oil prices also contributed to the pressure on IT firms.  Concerns over H-1B visa costs and generative AI disruption added to the challenges.
Listen to this article in summarized format
Unlock AI Briefing and Premium Content
The Nifty IT index fell 3.2% on Wednesday, compared with a 0.9% decline in the benchmark Nifty 50.
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Bigger or Better: One order from Power Grid Corp added $1 billion to the market cap of a company – Final part
Banks have received a flood of money. Now comes the real test
New aircraft order opens door for ATR assembly line in India
An old India Inc habit: Ignore the nudge, wait for the stick
Season of change in accounting policy: A simple AI prompt can tell you a lot
Is crude oil becoming a financial problem?
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Definitions
Top Slideshow
Most Searched IFSC Codes
Top Performing MF
Top Prime Articles
Top Story Listing
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime









                 Connect with an ETPrime expert for personalized support and guidance
                
What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
45,2026-09-10,"Andrew Tulloch, the researcher whose reported $1.5bn offer from Meta became a symbol of the AI talent war, is leaving the company after less than a year, Semafor reported. The Wall Street Journal says he is joining Anthropic. Neither company has confirmed the move.
Andrew Tulloch is leaving Meta less than a year after he joined. His reported pay offer from the company had made him a symbol of the AI talent war. Reed Albergotti first reported the departure for Semafor on Wednesday, citing a person briefed on the matter. The Wall Street Journal followed on Thursday and reported that he is joining Anthropic.
Neither company has confirmed the move, and TNW has not independently verified it. The Journal’s Erin Woo and Meghan Bobrowsky cited people familiar with the situation. On Thursday, Tulloch’s own personal website still listed him at Meta’s TBD Lab, “working on superintelligence.”
According to Semafor, Tulloch held off leaving until Meta had shipped Muse, the personal AI agent it launched on Tuesday. He worked in TBD Lab, the small team at the centre of Mark Zuckerberg’s AI strategy. Scale AI founder Alexandr Wang leads it. No outlet has reported why he is going.
Tulloch knows Meta well. He spent 11 years there before leaving in 2023 for OpenAI. His website says he helped train GPT-4o, GPT-4.5 and o3 there. He then co-founded Thinking Machines Lab with Mira Murati, OpenAI’s former chief technology officer.
His return was a prize for Zuckerberg, who reportedly recruited him in person. Meta had first tried to buy Thinking Machines outright, an approach Murati rejected, Calcalist reported. Last year the Journal reported that Meta’s package could have reached $1.5bn over six years. That assumed bonuses and stock paid out in full.
Meta has always disputed that number. Its spokesperson Andy Stone called it “inaccurate and ridiculous,” as Gizmodo recalled. Tulloch turned the offer down at first and joined months later. Nobody has disclosed the sum he finally accepted.
If the Journal is right, the timing is awkward for Meta. It has spent heavily to rebuild its AI bench. That included a talent raid on Thinking Machines that brought over five of its founding members this spring. Now it loses the best-known name from that effort, a day after its biggest consumer AI launch. That raises the question of how long money alone can hold a lab together.
For Anthropic, it would be a marquee hire in the same week it lost a researcher in public. Jacob Coxon quit on Tuesday, warning that AI labs are gambling with our lives. TNW reported in August that Anthropic already pays the biggest salaries in the industry. It can bid for people few others can afford.
The churn is wider than two labs. Google chief scientist Jeff Dean left last month with three other senior researchers to start a company, Quartz reported. Only a small group of people have trained frontier models. Each move between labs carries that experience to a rival.
Neither Meta nor Anthropic has commented publicly on the move. Until one of them does, the only public record of where Tulloch works is his own website. It still says Meta.



                                    With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding &amp; identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate                                                                        (show all)

With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding & identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate with our target audience in the software/SaaS industry. Collaboration and teamwork are paramount to her, as she loves empowering her colleagues to achieve outstanding results and unlock their full potential.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
46,2026-09-10,"BioCompute wants to store the world's cold data in DNA. Its contrarian bet is that reusing the medium, not manufacturing it, is how the cost finally comes down. And it has the early numbers to back the claim.
Anagha Rajesh, founder of BioCompute.
The math behind the data storage problem is brutal. The world creates more information every year than it can afford to keep. Most of it is cold. It is almost never read, yet it cannot be deleted, so it accumulates on tape and disk that degrade, draw power, and demand replacement every few years. The cost compounds. It does not stop.
DNA has always been the tantalizing way out. It is denser than anything silicon can offer, and it survives for centuries. The medium was never the problem. The cost of writing to it was.
For years, the field chased that cost in one direction. Make DNA cheaper to manufacture. BioCompute, a deep-tech company incubated in Berkeley decided the manufacturing was the mistake.
Its approach is to write data by marking reusable DNA templates rather than building new strands. The medium is reused, not consumed. That single reframing is the whole company, and it is what separates BioCompute from everyone else working on the problem.
A reframing is only as good as the evidence behind it. This is where BioCompute has moved fast. It has already demonstrated a write cost of $1 per megabyte, far below the cost of synthesizing DNA. What sets BioCompute apart is that it is building a full stack data storage device. Writing data to DNA and reading it back are usually treated as separate problems, solved by separate tools. BioCompute is engineering them as one stack: an enzymatic write process on reusable templates, paired with a nanopore read process it has licensed and is tuning to match. Designing the two to fit each other is how the company intends to drive the cost of writing down from a dollar per megabyte toward its target of a dollar per terabyte.
The founder fits the bet. Anagha Rajesh left a PhD in gene therapy at Oxford to start BioCompute. She co-authored what is described as the first textbook on DNA data storage, and she writes a Substack on data infrastructure and deep tech. An incoming cofounder brings signal acquisition and molecular biology under one roof, the two disciplines a DNA storage system has to master to write cleanly and read reliably.
Anagha says that storage is only the beachhead market. The same property that makes DNA a good archive, that information can be written into a molecule and read back out, is what convinces BioCompute the work continues past cold storage. The longer arc runs up the latency ladder, from archives toward faster tiers, and eventually toward computing with biomolecules rather than only storing on them. The company is starting with the data nobody can afford to keep, and aiming at something larger: biology as a medium for information itself.



                                    Experienced Business Developement Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the public relations and communications industry. Skille                                                                        (show all)

Experienced Business Developement Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the public relations and communications industry. Skilled in English, Customer Service, and Communications. Strong professional with a Master's degree focused in Management Information Systems, General from Kyiv National University of Culture and Arts.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
Provided by Veronika Furs
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
47,2026-09-10,"Article 2 of the AI Act excludes systems used exclusively for military, defence or national security, so a European lab refusing a military use has only its contract to stand on
The Pentagon’s chief technology officer publicly dismissed a former Anthropic researcher’s viral warning about AI risk and said the department has shifted about 90% of its classified AI workload away from the company, with the rest going by the end of September. The EU AI Act does not cover military or national security uses at all, so the same dispute in Europe would have no regulator to reach.
The Pentagon’s chief technology officer has dismissed a former Anthropic researcher’s warning that AI could kill everyone by 2030, Bloomberg reported. Emil Michael called it “fear of data centers, fear of change, all the fears that have coalesced in one well-written tweet“.
Underneath the rhetoric there is a number. Michael told reporters the department has moved about 90% of its classified AI workload off Anthropic, and expects to finish by the end of this month. Palantir’s Maven work went months ago.
He also said the Pentagon needs to use software “for all lawful purposes, in an unconstrained way“. Any harms, he suggested, can be handled by the free market and by talking to industry.
That sentence is the entire dispute, and it is not new.
TNW published the negotiation emails in July. Dario Amodei held two limits, autonomous weapons and domestic surveillance, and refused the phrase “all lawful uses“ because US law permits the second.
The argument has since moved to court, and Michael has picked his venue.
Judge Rita Lin struck down the supply-chain designation in August as retaliation. Michael now calls the pending Washington appeal “more important” and accuses Anthropic of forum-shopping in California.
Europe cannot have this argument at all.
The AI Act does not apply to systems put into service or used exclusively for military, defence or national security purposes, regardless of who is carrying out the activity.
So a European lab refusing a military use is standing on its contract, not on the regulation Brussels spent five years writing. There is no authority to appeal to and no designation to overturn.
Europe’s largest lab is arguing the other side in any case.
Mistral has been building defence models with the German firm Helsing since early 2025. “As long as we have adversaries that are threatening, and they are threatening, we do need to have our own capabilities,” said chief executive Arthur Mensch.
He was rebutting Pope Leo XIV, who had called for AI disarmament. Anthropic at least had a court to go to, and the European version of this fight has not been tested anywhere.



                                    With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding &amp; identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate                                                                        (show all)

With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding & identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate with our target audience in the software/SaaS industry. Collaboration and teamwork are paramount to her, as she loves empowering her colleagues to achieve outstanding results and unlock their full potential.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
48,2026-09-10,"WeRide and Uber have received Spain's first national permit for Level 4 autonomous passenger vehicles, with fleet operator AVOMO. It allows testing and mapping with 20 supervised cars in the Madrid region. The companies expect commercial rides by the end of 2026.
WeRide and Uber’s autonomous vehicle GXR in Madrid.
WeRide, Uber and AVOMO have received Spain’s first national permit for Level 4 autonomous passenger vehicles on public roads, the three companies announced on Thursday. Spain’s Directorate General of Traffic (DGT) issued it under its ES-AV framework for autonomous vehicles. Reuters also reported the permit.
AVOMO is the autonomous vehicle division of the Moove Cars Group. The companies worked with the Regional Government of Madrid.
The permit covers testing of WeRide’s GXR autonomous vehicles in Spain. It lets the companies begin mapping, route validation and operational readiness testing in the Madrid region.
The first phase will use 20 vehicles. Each will carry an in-car vehicle specialist to supervise it. The cars will run in high-demand areas of Greater Madrid.
Commercial operations are expected to begin by the end of 2026, according to the announcement. That depends on the companies completing their deployment preparations and reaching the required operational and regulatory milestones.
The companies said it is the first national approval in the EU for WeRide’s GXR vehicle. It is WeRide’s ninth autonomous driving permit worldwide, said Jennifer Li, the company’s chief financial officer and head of international.
Madrid will be the first planned autonomous vehicle deployment in Europe for Uber and WeRide. TNW reported in June that the two companies were taking their robotaxi partnership to Madrid.
It is the fourth of 15 cities under their strategic partnership, with 11 more planned by 2030. Under that partnership, the companies plan to put tens of thousands of autonomous vehicles on public roads.
WeRide provides the driving technology, Uber the ride-hailing platform and AVOMO the fleet operations. AVOMO runs autonomous fleets in Austin and Atlanta, with around 400 vehicles and more than 200 specialists. Moove, the group AVOMO belongs to, raised $250m at a $2.1bn valuation in August to run robotaxi fleets.
“The Madrid region is a key gateway for our European expansion,” Li said. Uber’s global head of autonomous mobility and delivery, Sarfraz Maredia, said the permit “marks an important milestone in bringing autonomous mobility from planning into real-world deployment.”
Manuel Puga, chief executive of Moove Cars Group, said: “Every successful autonomous vehicle deployment begins long before the first commercial ride.”
WeRide said its business now spans more than 60 cities in 13 countries. In August it entered Denmark, its first Nordic market, with a 2027 robotaxi plan.
Europe’s first commercial robotaxi service went live in Zagreb in April, TNW reported. That month, the Netherlands became the first European country to approve Tesla’s FSD Supervised.



                                    Technology enthusiast and intern at The Next Web, contributing to research-backed content and investigating new technologies and global even                                                                        (show all)

Technology enthusiast and intern at The Next Web, contributing to research-backed content and investigating new technologies and global events. Interested in business and how the narrative and perception of technology is shaped.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
49,2026-09-10,"Preorders are live for Grand Theft Auto VI Limited-Edition PS5 DualSense Controllers, but stock is limited. Hurry if you want one."
50,2026-09-10,"A look at how Lower Manhattan have evolved in the 25 years since Sept. 11.
New York City has changed in many ways in the 25 years since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The area surrounding the former site of the World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan may be among the most transformed parts of the city since that tragic day in 2001.
New photographs taken by ABC News ahead of Sept. 11 show just how much the neighborhood has changed – or in some cases, remained largely the same – over the last quarter century.
Top: A nighttime view of the Manhattan skyline with the twin towers of the World Trade Center, taken in January 2001 from across the Hudson River in Weehawken, New Jersey. Bottom: One World Trade Center and the Tribute in Light shine across the Manhattan skyline on Sept. 4, 2026.
Top: The wreckage of World Trade Center 2 (South Tower), World Trade Center 3, and World Trade Center 4 building, at Ground Zero on Sept. 12, 2001. Bottom: The same intersection, looking west at the corner of Church Street and Cortlandt Street, with all-new development at the location that was once World Trade Center Plaza, about a block away from where the twin towers stood. Taken on Sept. 4, 2026.
Top: Dust and debris cover the area and cloud the air on Washington Street, looking north at Rector Street, just a few blocks from the site of the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center on Sept. 11, 2001. Bottom: The same block 25 years later, with a nearly direct view of One World Trade Center, on Sept. 4, 2026.
Top: A Burger King restaurant at the corner of Church Street and Liberty Street, just blocks from Ground Zero, became a temporary NYPD headquarters in the days after the terrorist attacks. Photographed on Sept. 12, 2001. Bottom: A Burger King remains at the same location 25 years later, with not much change to the exterior. Taken on Sept. 4, 2026.
Top: A destroyed NYPD patrol car sits among the wreckage and debris on Church Street, in front of what was once a Brooks Brothers clothing store, directly across from the former World Trade Center Plaza. Taken in the days following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Bottom: The same retail space on the ground level of One Liberty Plaza is now home to a Chopt Creative Salad Co. restaurant. The stairs and general architecture remain the same. Photographed on Sept. 4, 2026.
Top: A closer look at the devastated former Brooks Brothers store, just a day after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center, which was just across the street at the time. Bottom: The same steps and storefront photographed on Sept. 4, 2026.
Top: Wreckage and debris looking west on Vesey Street from Church Street, between the former World Trade Center 5 building (left) and a federal office building housing a U.S. post office (right). Photographed on the morning of Sept. 12, 2001. Bottom: The same intersection looks vastly different 25 years later, with only the post office building remaining. Photographed on Sept. 4, 2026.
Top: The 1982 sculpture “Double Check” by John Seward Johnson II in Zuccotti Park (named Liberty State Park at the time), became a makeshift memorial in the days after the terrorist attacks, as the park was just across the street from the former World Trade Center Plaza. Bottom: The sculpture has been moved several times in the years following the attacks and now sits on a bench at the corner of Liberty Street and Broadway, just across from Zuccotti Park. Photographed on Sept. 4, 2026.
Top: Associated Press photographer Amy Sancetta pushes her bicycle on John Street, at the corner of Nassau Street, still covered in dust and debris a few days after Sept. 11, 2001. Bottom: The same intersection, just three blocks from where the twin towers once stood, 25 years later.
Top: Police seal off Dey Street, just west of Broadway, one block from the former World Trade Center Plaza, five days after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Bottom: The same block 25 years later shows the Fulton Center transit and retail complex (left) which opened in 2014, and 195 Broadway (right), a skyscraper that opened in 1916. Photographed on Sept. 4, 2026.
Top: An NYPD officer wearing a protective mask stands guard near the New York Stock Exchange in the financial district in the days following the attacks on Sept. 11, 2001. Bottom: Similar view of the New York Stock Exchange, looking north on Broad Street, at Exchange Place, 25 years later. Photographed on Sept. 4, 2026.
Top: The original St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church, the only house of worship destroyed in the terrorist attacks, sat just below the twin towers. The original structure was built in the 1830s as a private home and later purchased by Greek immigrants and converted into a church by the early 1900s. Bottom: Located in the same spot on Cedar Street, the new St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church and National Shrine was rebuilt in 2014 and completed in 2022. Photographed on Sept. 4, 2026.
Top: The twin towers of the World Trade Center and the Manhattan skyline seen behind the Brooklyn Bridge on Sept. 8, 2001, just three days before the terrorist attacks. Bottom: The Manhattan skyline from a similar angle on Aug. 5, 2026, including One World Trade Center seen behind the Brooklyn Bridge.
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events"
51,2026-09-10,Sept 9 (Reuters) - Long-simmering tensions between Ford and the Trump administration over the automaker's connections with Chinese companies boiled over this...
52,2026-09-10,"There's nothing like talk of energy prices and potential higher borrowing costs to remind us that the summer holidays are well and truly over.
Surging oil prices have been pushing up what drivers pay at the fuel pumps and eating away at household budgets for months, and concerns remain over whether the economic impact of the US-Iran war will drive the cost of living higher.
Citing the Middle East conflict and warning inflation was ""set to remain well above"" its 2% target for some time, the European Central Bank recently raised interest rates to 2.5%.
Other central banks are also responding, with the US and the UK poised to make interest-rate decisions next week.
Up first on Wednesday is the US Federal Reserve, which has held rates steady between 3.5% and 3.75% for five meetings in a row. It last made a change - a rate cut - in December.
But a strong jobs market and President Donald Trump saying he does not think oil prices will come down until the Iran war ends, which he expects to happen after November's elections, has led many on Wall Street to bet on a rate hike this month.
Newly-appointed Fed Chair Kevin Warsh has remained tight-lipped on where he sees interest rates going, but his repeated comments that the central bank's focus should be on slowing price rises has further fuelled expectations of an increase.
Economists at Deutsche Bank said recently that a rate hike is ""the most likely policy outcome"", noting comments from Warsh and other members of the Fed.
Views differ somewhat, with Grace Zwemmer, US economist at Oxford Economics, expecting rates to remain unchanged, but almost universally a rate cut appears to be off the table.
Trump, though, is again pressing for lower rates.
""The Fed Board, with its great new leader, must get smart - BE PATRIOTS for a change,"" he posted on social media last week.
The US-Iran war and resulting higher global oil and gas prices are stoking the inflation fears. Shipments through the Strait of Hormuz waterway, one of the world's busiest oil and gas routes, have been restricted due to the war and a barrel of Brent crude is now around $105 (£78), approaching levels last seen at the outbreak of the conflict. 
Along with directly driving up costs for homes and businesses, higher energy prices can also make transporting goods more expensive and those extra costs can be passed down to consumers through steeper prices for the likes of food and other staples.
Central banks try to limit price rises with higher interest rates. By pushing up the cost of borrowing for things such as mortgages and credit cards, they seek to slow consumer spending and inflation. Higher rates also can give people incentives to save instead of spend.
But its a balancing act, as higher rates can also encourage businesses to hold off on investing and hiring.
When the Bank of England meets later next week, it is expected to try to look both at current price pressures and the wider economic picture. 
Millions of UK households are set to see energy bills rise to the highest level for three years heading into the winter and gas prices have risen above 200p per therm for the first time since the end of 2022. 
Inflation in the UK is at 2.9%, and it is expected to  jump in coming months.
But despite those predictions, there appears to be broad agreement that the Bank will leave rates at 3.75%.
That's because there is ""no sign"" of the so-called second-round effects of the price shock feeding through the economy, such as workers requesting wage rises or businesses hiking prices, according to Oxford Economics.
This gives the Bank ""some breathing space,"" added economist Alexander Harvey. 
Yael Selfin, chief economist at KPMG, said that outside of the US, in places such as the UK, the economic environment has been ""much weaker"" than where it was  in 2022, when the last inflation shock hit the world. UK inflation reached a record high of 11.1% in October that year.
Interest rates are already higher than four years ago, she added, and consumers, somewhat scarred by previous price hikes, have changed how they spend.
Also, four years ago ""businesses were hiring aggressively, vacancies were at record highs, and more people were moving jobs than normal"", Harvey said, as the economy rebooted following Covid.
""The conditions were in place for employees to push for significant pay rises in response to a significant inflation shock,"" he said. ""That's in stark contrast to the current labour market.""
Now, hiring is much weaker than average and there is less pressure to recruit - giving employees less leverage to demand higher pay.
The price of oil jumps to $105 a barrel amid signs the Iran war will not be resolved quickly.
Residents, businesses and charities are focused on the economy ahead of the general election.
The Netherlands has relocated 86 tonnes of the shiny stuff - what's going on?
Huge AI spending plans and the ongoing war in Iran are driving up borrowing costs around the world.
The effective interest rate on 10 years rose to 4.79%, its highest level since January 2025, as oil prices surged.
Copyright 2026 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
53,2026-09-10,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Giveaways
Sign Up / Log In
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Why are you downvoting this deal?
Why are you downvoting this deal?
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
Why are you downvoting this deal?
 Share your experience with the Slickdeals community 
 Share information with the community. Please follow our Community Guidelines and be kind! 
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank snitzle_iii
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Share your experience with the Slickdeals community 
 Share information with the community. Please follow our Community Guidelines and be kind! "
54,2026-09-10,"Cardiff City are without a win in their first six Championship games
Manager Brian Barry-Murphy says Cardiff City are monitoring the free-agent market as an injury-hit and winless Championship start has reduced the Irishman's options.
The Bluebirds' lack of depth has come under scrutiny with 15-year-old Noah Anyadike and 16-year-old Paul Moreno named on the bench against Stoke City in midweek.
Barry-Murphy insists both youngsters, however, have earned their places in the matchday squad.
""Those players were on the bench because they've done really well and they were deserving of it,"" he said.
""If we had signed more players, then maybe they wouldn't have been, but they are and I'm very pleased with them.
""There were very similar players in a similar position last season who've now become mainstays in the team. They all have to start somewhere.""
Joel Colwill earns Bluebirds draw as Potters winning run ends
Cardiff City
Boss wants winless Cardiff to be 'more ruthless'
Cardiff are still without Dylan Lawlor, Will Fish, Calum Chambers and Isaak Davies, while Rubin Colwill faces a race against time to be fit for Saturday's trip to Bolton Wanderers after suffering ankle irritation.
The injury setbacks have increased focus on Cardiff's recruitment after a summer that brought only four new signings.
Barry-Murphy had suggested the club were keen to do business after Krystian Bielik's arrival, but transfer deadline day passed by with no more players coming in.
""We have to have an awareness of all the players who are available,"" he said.
""Based on how the window is, we monitor everything. The recruitment team here are across everything.
""It's a different time frame. All the players in the unattached market have different options all over the world. You just have to see what we need and what they have available. It's an ongoing thing.""
Barry-Murphy also downplayed speculation linking Cardiff with Wales international Rabbi Matondo following his departure from Norwegian side Brann.
""There's nothing in that,"" he said.
""He's a player I know, obviously. He was at Manchester City before I was there.""
For now, Cardiff's focus must be on getting key players back on the pitch.
Ryan Wintle's departure appeared to leave a gap in midfield for the Bluebirds, but Alex Robertson has stepped up to play that role, with his manager saying the player has gone up ""another level"" this season.
Lawlor is making encouraging progress and could return when they host Charlton Athletic at Cardiff City Stadium on 19 September (12:30 BST), while Fish is expected to resume full training during the upcoming international break in September.
""Once we get Dylan and Will back, we'll be in a really strong and healthy position,"" Barry-Murphy said.
The outlook is less clear for Chambers, who is nursing knee, neck and back issues.
""He's been in the wars a bit,"" Barry-Murphy added. ""It's quite difficult to put a timescale on when he returns.""
Cardiff are expected to be without Davies, who has a hamstring injury, for three weeks.
US Open: Rybakina and Gauff in deciding set of semi-final
Two goals in two games - Sesko gives Man Utd a different threat
England's push for two-day win halted by weather
The warm-hearted Aussie rom-com audiences are loving
The rise and fall of a transatlantic cocaine empire
Explore Kenya's spectacular birds of prey with Hamza
Inside Stockport's major criminal trial
Can you make a case for Chelsea being stripped of 2016-17 title?
Weekly sports quiz: Why is the WSL investigating Palace?
How history points to another Solheim Cup thriller
'It started as a joke, a fantasy' - F1 heads to football-obsessed Madrid
Liverpool will reward Mac Allister if he lets his football do talking
Garcia v Benn - all you need to know
What next for LIV Golf's star players, and its fight for survival?
Kimi Raikkonen's son Robin, 11, signs for Red Bull
Prince William launches sport mental health toolkit
Are women better than men at endurance running?
Arsenal are passing every test - and Odegaard is in form of his life
McLaren talks, 'numb' cars and being 'captain of the ship' - Verstappen Q&A
Who will reach Super Bowl? - NFL predictions for 2026 season
Kelce's last dance? Five things to look out for in new NFL season
Copyright Â© 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking."
55,2026-09-10,"
SteamUbisoftUbisoft ConnectValve 
Good news right now is like diamond-encrusted hen’s teeth, so I’ll grab hold of any I can find with both hands, even if I can’t quite authenticate it yet. And what good news it is if true: Ubisoft is apparently finally stepping back from its idiotic insistence that Steam customers launch its god-awful Connect client every time they want to play one of its games. According to a screenshot of a post from Steam, starting with Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown, Ubisoft is introducing a new test that’ll allow all the “advantages” of Connect to work without needing to have the Assassin’s Creed publisher’s bloatware store installed.
Ubisoft has been pushing Connect (once called Ubisoft Game Launcher, and later Uplay) on a resistant audience since 2009 as part of its insistence on trying to establish its own digital platform on PC, complete with DLCs, achievements, and indeed DRM. The problem was (and still is) that it’s a rare soul who considers themselves an exclusively “Ubisoft gamer,” wholly dedicated only to the output of one specific company. If anything, 99 percent of people never even notice which publisher made any given game unless forced to. So Connect, unable to be a launcher for the rest of a gaming library, could only ever be a frustrating extra step in launching anything.
It seems that this tiresome tyranny might finally be over, if Ubisoft’s pledge to integrate the features it insists on (“cross-progression, cross-play, player safety, challenges and rewards”) into Steam proves true. According to the statement, seemingly posted toÂ Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown customers, Ubisoft is “testing a new Ubisoft Connect Services Steam tool that keeps Ubisoft game features…without requiring the Ubisoft Connect PC launcher to be installed or launched.”
Ubisoft calls this “an initial step toward a smoother and more streamlined launch experience on Steam,” rolling it out to more games as it “progressively evolves.”
OK, so the reason for all the hesitation at the start is that every site that’s reporting this story at the moment is basing it on a single screenshot posted to Reddit, apparently without verifying it for themselves.
Finally another launcher out of steam byu/NostalgiaKeeper007 inSteam

And while that screenshot looks very legit, it’s pretty peculiar that no one else seems to be able to locate the source. Except, I’ve come veryÂ close. If you search Steam’s news feed for “ubisoft,” you get a result posted September 8 that contains a snippet of the text in the image, suggesting this is likely for real.
However, click on any of the links in the result and you arrive at an error page. Which is odd. We’ve contacted Ubisoft, and have been promised a response regarding this soon.
If true, then what wonderful news. All of these publisher-specific launchers have been a bane since they became all the rage in the 2010s. EA tried it with the awful Origin, now replaced by the enigmatically named EA App, and in an attempt to thwart the core issue, at one point opened it up to be able to launch the games of rivals. However, it was utterly dreadful so no one did. And of course Rockstar and Blizzard have insisted on their own tiresome software in attempts to control player behavior and push upselling. Ubisoft stepping back would be really splendid.
There’s the obvious response of, “But surely this is just giving Valve even more ubiquity over a market it already monopolizes?” and well, not really. This is exclusively affecting those who bought Ubisoft games via Steam in the first place, and then are forced to run a second launcher for no useful reason. Hardcore Connect devotees can continue to buy their games that way should they wish. While it would be very good to see a feasible rival rise against Steam, this isn’t that.
We’ll update once we get some official confirmation.
Donât miss the latest reviews, news and tips. Sign up for our free newsletter.

Project P.I.T.T. let me try to feed thousands of rubber ducks to a giant maw at once. The framerate issues are probably my fault.
        

          Fans report Sega, Ubisoft, Square Enix, and Bandai Namco games are ânot participatingâ in the newly introduced service
        

          CS2 Tracker's 'Slur Tracking' detection feature has only emboldened homophobes and racists, who are now competing to reach the top of Counter-Strike 2's slur-related leaderboards
        

          A complex situation with accusations of abuse has left the project in a very precarious position
        

          The tracker also features a slur leaderboard, and one person is at the top of two of the available three categories
        

          More games than ever are launching on Valve's massive digital storefront
        
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2026 KOTAKU USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
56,2026-09-10,"Piper Sandler just split the advanced nuclear sector down the middle with opposing calls, and the market responded by punishing every name in the group equally, even the one that got a Buy.
 Market Movers desk. Editor: David Moadel.
The professional research desk has always been the part of Wall Street that retail investors could not buy. AlphaSpace by Yahoo Finance opens one for $39.95 a month, and the first seven days cost nothing.1 (Sponsor)
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.
Shares of Oklo (NYSE:OKLO | OKLO Price Prediction), NuScale Power (NYSE:SMR) and X-Energy (NASDAQ:XE) are sliding together in Thursday afternoon trading after Piper Sandler issued a split rating action across advanced nuclear. Oklo stock is down 5% to $40.50, with the year-to-date (YTD) decline now at 44%.
Meanwhile, NuScale Power stock is falling 5% to $10.32 at midday. At the same time, X-Energy stock is off 5% to $16.42, extending a rough stretch for the newly public reactor developer.
The selling is concentrated inside the nuclear/uranium sector itself. The Global X Uranium ETF (NYSEARCA:URA) is down 3%. The SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSEARCA:SPY) is off by 0.5%, indicating that the pressure is contained to the nuclear group rather than market-wide.
Piper Sandler analyst Dimple Gosai initiated coverage across advanced nuclear stock this morning with opposing calls on two developers. She started Oklo at a Buy rating with a $55 price target, describing the company’s business model as bankable by design and arguing that the structure makes projects easier to finance and customers easier to secure, according to Piper Sandler.
Gosai also started X-Energy at a Sell rating with a $9 price target, on the view that its more asset-light approach leaves customers carrying more of the technology and project risk. Her note cited bipartisan federal policy support and demand from large cloud operators for reliable, carbon-free power as tailwinds for the industry overall.
Oklo intends to finance, build, own and operate its plants and then sell the electricity. That approach lets a buyer obtain nuclear power without becoming a developer or taking on responsibility for deploying unfamiliar reactor technology. The company is developing a fast reactor cooled by liquid sodium in place of water, a design that avoids the high-pressure steam systems used in conventional reactors.
Oklo is targeting first commercial power at its Aurora powerhouse at Idaho National Laboratory in late 2027 to early 2028, with a customer pipeline of roughly 14 GW anchored by a 12 GW Switch agreement. NuScale Power holds the only U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) design certification in the small modular reactor (SMR) industry, and it ended Q2 2026 with $1.9 billion in cash and investments as ENTRA1 Energy advances a Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) program for up to 6 GW. X-Energy came public in April 2026, raising roughly $1.1 billion in net proceeds, and counts Dow, Amazon and Centrica among its anchor customers.
All three nuclear stocks mentioned here are declining by roughly the same amount, a pattern that reads as a sector move across the group. The oddity is that the slide arrives on the same morning one of the three received a fresh Buy initiation, so the sector is trading on the bearish half of the note and setting the bullish half aside.
Advanced SMR names have been one of the hottest 2026 trades, tied to AI data center power demand, Department of Energy support, and various hyperscaler nuclear deals. The Department of Energy projects data centers will account for up to 12% of U.S. electrical demand by 2028, a backdrop that has powered the whole group higher for much of the year.
Oklo’s YTD figure is the context that matters most for anyone weighing a longer horizon, and the broader nuclear restart trade has more moving parts than any single name, which we mapped across five stocks in a free report here. A name down that far across the year sits at a very different price than when AI power demand was the consensus trade. What the research actually argues is that the business model, more than the reactor technology itself, decides who can finance a first plant, and that is the distinction a longer view of this sector may need to rest on.
The Piper Sandler note reframes the sector debate around financing structure, and Thursday’s reaction suggests the group is being marked down together before winners and losers get separated. Longer-term shareholders can watch for whether Oklo’s licensing and site-construction milestones at Idaho National Laboratory begin to validate the bankable-by-design thesis. Investors may want to size their nuclear exposure for volatility, given how quickly sentiment across the group can turn on a single research call.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
David Moadel is financial writer specializing in stocks, ETFs, options, precious metals, and Bitcoin. David has written well over 1,000 articles for leading online publications, helping investors understand markets, income strategies, and risk.His work has appeared in The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, U.S. News & World Report, TipRanks, ValueWalk, Benzinga, Market Realist, TalkMarkets, Finmasters, 24/7 Wall St., and others.With a master’s degree in education, David has taught at the elementary, high school, and college levels. That teaching background shapes his writing style: clear, educational, and practical. David has also built a loyal social-media audience by providing trustworthy financial content on YouTube, X/Twitter, and StockTwits.
Small modular reactor stocks are surging against a red broad market, but with NuScale and Oklo still deep in the red for the year, the real question is whether this is a genuine bottom…
Nuclear stocks are getting hit hard Thursday even as the long-term case for atomic power looks stronger than ever, and the reasons behind the selloff reveal a tension that could keep the sector volatile…
Nuclear stocks are reversing hard today even as NuScale announced a real operational win, and the gap between improving fundamentals and falling share prices points to something more unsettling happening beneath the surface.
The nuclear sector is refusing to cool off. For the second straight session, small modular reactor stocks are posting meaningful gains, with NuScale Power (NYSE:SMR) stock leading the charge. SMR stock is up 11%…
Oklo (NYSE:OKLO | OKLO Price Prediction) stock jumped 8% in early trading today, leading a broad surge across the nuclear sector, before pulling back to $64. The catalyst is a sweeping federal directive: on…
Nuclear stocks looked unstoppable just weeks ago, but a brutal month-long selloff has split the sector into two very different stories, and knowing which side you are on could determine whether you hold, buy…
The nuclear energy sector is experiencing a rebirth, driven by the insatiable power demands of artificial intelligence (AI) data centers and a global push for clean energy.  Unlike intermittent renewables such as solar or…
Oklo just posted its first real quarterly revenue and the stock surged, yet shares still sit 33% in the red for the year. A return to triple digits is mathematically possible, but it hinges…
Nuclear stocks are surging while the broad market barely stirs, but the announcements driving the move tell a very different story than the price action suggests.

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
57,2026-09-10,"Login

Michail 
10 September 2026


Apple iOS Other

Following yesterday’s iPhone Duo announcement, TrendForce published a new report that outlines the state of the foldable phone market for 2027. According to the report, Apple will ship 5 million units of its folding phone by the end of the year.
If this prediction turns out to be true, then Cupertino would be sitting at a 24.8% market share, which would slot it in second place, right behind Samsung. Global folding phone shipments are expected to reach 20.2 million units in 2026, which would make for a 0.5% rise compared to 2025.
The upward trend with folding phones is then projected to reach 23.5 million shipments in 2027. TrendForce estimates that Samsung will account for 7.1 million shipments with a corresponding 35% market share, while Huawei is expected to reach 5 million shipments for its folding phones and a 24.8% market share. The report notes hardware improvements and AI use cases as the main driving factors for the upward trend in foldable phone adoption.
Source
All wrong. They last more than slab phones because the main screen is protected. Their only issuenis the cost which i hope tests solved fast. Inner screen have self healing mechanism whichnisnusoerior to external screen and hopefully as it gets bette...
Yes, that too 💯  
 
Because foldables are made to be extremely thin these days, they're making a lot of compromises in other areas, and then the end product is a mixed bag, that excels at nothing. Just a novelty at best and definitely not wort...
You forgot subpar cameras and battery life. You're getting a very average phone + a mediocre tablet for the kind of cash that could get you the best of both worlds. But you should be happy because you get both at once. 



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2026 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use

"
58,2026-09-10,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Online universities are reshaping higher education by building flexible, affordable and career-focused models around students’ changing needs. 
Copied to clipboard

		Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.	
The growth of online higher education in the United States is producing more than a new delivery format. It is creating a new set of institutional models, each designed around a different student population. 
Western Governors University (WGU), founded in 1997, built its model around online, competency-based education and working adults. Southern New Hampshire University (SNHU), which began offering online programs in 1995, has expanded its reach to more than 170,000 online learners. University of the People, founded in 2009, took a different approach, building a nonprofit, tuition-free online university. 
At the same time, established institutions have created large digital extensions of their traditional campuses: Penn State launched World Campus in 1998, while Arizona State University has developed ASU Online into a major national platform. The emergence of these institutions points to a broader change in higher education: universities are increasingly being designed around the needs of specific student populations rather than a single traditional college experience.
One of the clearest markets these institutions are serving is the growing population of adult learners, students who are balancing education with work, family and existing career commitments, and therefore have very different expectations from a traditional college experience. 
The 2026 CAEL-CollegeAPP study found a substantial pool of potential adult learners in the U.S., 27% of adults between 25 and 64, roughly 41.7 million people, said they plan to pursue education or training within the next two years. But their circumstances are different from those of traditional college-age students. 
Cost was a concern for 81% of respondents, while 67% pointed to limited time, and 43% were primarily interested in developing skills they could apply to their current careers. For this population, higher education has to work around existing professional and personal commitments, helping explain the growing appeal of flexible and online learning models. 
In other words, online education is not producing one alternative to the campus-based university; it is enabling universities to experiment with different combinations of flexibility, affordability, academic structure, student support and career relevance. 
The size of the market helps explain why this experimentation has accelerated. According to the National Center for Education Statistics report, in fall 2024, more than 10.8 million U.S. students were enrolled in at least one distance-education course, including approximately 5.2 million students who studied exclusively through distance education. 
The growth of online education cannot be explained by technology alone. Students have changed, too. More people are balancing college with jobs, families and other responsibilities. Part of the reason is that the student sitting in a university classroom today may not fit the traditional model the institution was built around. 
A 19-year-old entering college directly from high school has different constraints from a 35-year-old balancing a full-time job, a family and a career transition. For the latter, spending another semester sitting through material they already understand may be less valuable than demonstrating mastery and moving on. This is one reason competency-based models have gained attention: they create the possibility of organizing education around what a student knows and can demonstrate, rather than simply how long they have spent in a course.
Institutions are under pressure to find new sources of enrollment, while students are asking harder questions about the cost of a residential degree and the value it delivers. At the same time, demand for career-focused education is growing, particularly among adults who are returning to school to advance or change careers.
That is what makes the rise of online universities so interesting. This is not simply a story about moving lectures from classrooms to screens. It reflects a broader shift in what students expect from a university and what universities must offer to remain relevant. The institutions gaining ground are not necessarily trying to replicate the traditional college experience online. Many are rethinking the experience itself, building different models around different students, their circumstances and what they want from higher education.
For decades, higher education has had a relatively straightforward way of measuring progress: credit hours. Take the course, complete the required hours, pass the assessment, collect the credits and move closer to a degree. But the world outside the university does not necessarily work that way. Employers rarely hire someone because they have accumulated 120 credits. They hire them because they can analyze data, manage a project, write effectively, solve a problem or perform a particular job. That disconnect is forcing universities to reconsider a deceptively simple question: Should a degree tell us how long someone studied, or what they can actually do?
The interest in skills-based education suggests that many institutions are beginning to wrestle with that question. A 2023 survey by CAEL, The EvoLLLution and Modern Campus of 144 higher education institutions found that 86% believed postsecondary education should be designed around well-defined skills and competencies relevant to today’s workforce. 
Yet only 22% had fully implemented skills-based frameworks across all their programs, while another 44% had implemented them in some courses or programs. That gap is revealing. Universities appear increasingly convinced that skills matter, but translating that belief into curriculum, assessment and credentials is proving considerably more complicated.
There is another force pushing this shift: employers are becoming a more visible part of the conversation. The same CAEL study found that 85% of institutions communicate with employers about their skill needs. That does not mean universities should become job-training centers or redesign every program around today’s vacancies. 
The shift is becoming even clearer on the employer side. NACE’s Job Outlook 2026 found that 70% of employers now use skills-based hiring for entry-level roles, up from 65% a year earlier. And employers are not simply using skills as a nice-to-have: 87% assess them during interviews and 65% use them during screening. At the same time, reliance on GPA has fallen sharply from 73% of employers in 2019 to 42% in 2026. Even among employers that still consider GPA, 67% look at whether candidates can demonstrate proficiency in key competencies. The point is not that degrees have stopped mattering. It is that the degree is increasingly becoming the starting point, while what a candidate can actually do is becoming the differentiator.
But it does suggest that the old separation between academic learning and workforce preparation is becoming harder to maintain. If students increasingly want education that translates into demonstrable capabilities, and employers increasingly want evidence of those capabilities, universities may eventually have to rethink not only what they teach, but how they prove that learning has happened.
The rise of online universities, flexible degree models and skills-based learning points to a higher education market that is becoming less standardized. The traditional four-year, campus-based model is unlikely to disappear, but it is no longer the only model competing for students. The lesson is not that every university should become an online institution. It is that universities will increasingly need to decide which students they are built to serve and design the experience accordingly.
That shift also changes the basis on which institutions compete. Location, campus facilities and institutional reputation will continue to matter, but they will increasingly sit alongside flexibility, affordability, speed to completion, career relevance and the ability to demonstrate learning outcomes. A student choosing between institutions may care less about whether a program is technically “online” and more about whether it fits around a job, recognizes prior learning, develops relevant skills and produces a credible path to employment.
There is also a more difficult implication for universities. More delivery models mean more competition. An institution that once competed primarily with colleges in its region can now compete with online universities, established universities with national digital programs, alternative credential providers and employers offering their own learning pathways. Geography offers less protection when students can compare programs across the country from a laptop.
Perhaps the biggest signal, however, is that higher education is moving toward greater specialization. Not every student needs the same experience, and increasingly, they may not expect one. Some will still want the residential college experience. Others will prioritize flexibility, competency-based progression, short-form credentials or career-focused programs. The institutions best positioned for the next phase of higher education may therefore not be the ones that simply put more courses online, but the ones that understand which students they want to serve, what those students value and how the institution can deliver that value better than the alternatives.
The growth of online higher education in the United States is producing more than a new delivery format. It is creating a new set of institutional models, each designed around a different student population. 
Western Governors University (WGU), founded in 1997, built its model around online, competency-based education and working adults. Southern New Hampshire University (SNHU), which began offering online programs in 1995, has expanded its reach to more than 170,000 online learners. University of the People, founded in 2009, took a different approach, building a nonprofit, tuition-free online university. 
At the same time, established institutions have created large digital extensions of their traditional campuses: Penn State launched World Campus in 1998, while Arizona State University has developed ASU Online into a major national platform. The emergence of these institutions points to a broader change in higher education: universities are increasingly being designed around the needs of specific student populations rather than a single traditional college experience.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
59,2026-09-10,"Nvidia and Palantir have launched a joint sovereign AI stack, with Nvidia’s own supply chain as the first deployment.
Nvidia and Palantir have announced today a joint product for running AI over corporate supply chains without handing the underlying data to anyone else, and the first customer is Nvidia, which is using it on its own.
It pairs Palantir’s Foundry, its Artificial Intelligence Platform and its Ontology with Nvidia’s open Nemotron models and cuOpt optimisation software, packaged as something Palantir calls its Sovereign AI Operating System reference architecture.
It can be deployed on-premises, in a cloud, or in a colocation facility, with Dell, Cisco, Rackspace and Nebius named as partners.
The use case is real, and the number that explains it is 1.3 million: the count of parts in a single Nvidia Vera Rubin rack. Tracking that many components across suppliers, and working out which constraint is the one actually holding up a build, is a genuine optimisation problem rather than a slide.
“Supply chains are the operating system of the physical economy, and AI factories are among the most complex systems ever built,” said Jensen Huang, founder and CEO of NVIDIA.
The word to examine is sovereign. In this product it means the customer keeps control and ownership of its proprietary data, which is a meaningful commitment and is nothing.
It does not mean the customer controls the ontology that structures that data, the models that reason over it, the optimisation software, the accelerators underneath, or the two American companies that supply all four. Sovereignty over the contents, dependency on the machinery.
Europe has spent the week arguing about precisely this distinction, mostly without naming it. Nvidia signed eight Australian data centre operators to build local capacity described as sovereign AI, where the racks are Australian, and the stack is American.
The Commission proposed procurement rules with a European preference framework whose scope for software is undecided, having already produced Made in EU rules that reached concrete and aluminium and left cloud hosting alone.
And Germany answered the question in the sharpest available form. Berlin ruled out Palantir for military decision support in April, and is now evaluating 30 alternatives, mostly from German suppliers, with a prototype due in 2027.
France’s intelligence service is dropping Palantir for a homegrown rival. Paris and Berlin have pledged to build a European competitor, and German officials promptly worried that would be another dependency.
A company launching a product with sovereign in the name, in the same month two European governments are unpicking their dependence on it, has read the market correctly.
Whether the product answers the objection is a different question. European resistance to Palantir has rarely been about where the data sits.
It has been about who holds the analytical layer, what happens to access in a diplomatic dispute, and whether a supplier that is deeply embedded with the US government is the right place to run a national security function. A deployment model that puts the servers in your building does not change any of those.
Alex Karp’s own description is worth quoting for connoisseurs.
“NVIDIA has arguably the most valuable, intricate and complex supply chain in the world. Our sovereign stack, powered by Nemotron models and Ontology, is delivering capabilities that exceed the frontier while providing alpha protection qualities unavailable otherwise,” said Alex Karp, cofounder and CEO of Palantir Technologies.
“We are very proud of our partnership and its cornerstone role in the sovereign AI revolution.”
For a European manufacturer, the practical question is narrower and more useful than the geopolitics. This is a serious tool for a serious problem, offered by the company that has the hardest version of that problem and is using it internally.
That is a stronger reference than most enterprise software ever gets. It is also a deeper commitment than buying a licence, because an ontology is not a thing you swap out later.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
60,2026-09-10,"Alphabet just posted blowback earnings that crushed estimates across every major segment, yet the stock sits nearly 8% below last month's highs. Here is why that gap between operating momentum and share price could matter a lot to long-term investors.
The professional research desk has always been the part of Wall Street that retail investors could not buy. AlphaSpace by Yahoo Finance opens one for $39.95 a month, and the first seven days cost nothing.1 (Sponsor)
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.

Alphabet has quietly become one of the market’s most compelling AI stories, and our model suggests the market still hasn’t fully priced in the payoff. Google (NASDAQ:GOOG | GOOG Price Prediction) trades at $328.38 after a 7.66% pullback over the past month, but the underlying business is accelerating.
Our 24/7 Wall St. price target for Google is $509.02, implying 55.21% upside over the next 12 months. The recommendation is buy, and our confidence level is 90%, near the top of our conviction band.
GOOG has returned 37.22% over the past year and 4.85% year to date, but the last month has been weaker. That softness looks disconnected from operating results.
In Q2 FY2026, Alphabet posted revenue of $119.8 billion, up 24% year over year, and EPS of 9.11 against a 2.88 estimate. Operating income rose 30% to $40.8 billion. Google Cloud grew 82% to $24.8 billion, with cloud backlog reaching $514 billion. Google is also committing $15 billion to new AI infrastructure in Europe, reinforcing that the capacity build is global.
The bull case rests on Google Cloud’s acceleration from 34% to 48% to 63% to 82% across four quarters, Gemini’s 950 million app MAUs, and the fact that nearly 90% of Fortune 100 companies use Gemini Enterprise.
CEO Sundar Pichai said “It feels like we are in very early innings of what feels like secular shift.” Our bull-case scenario points to $571.97, roughly 74.41% upside if backlog conversion and TPU deliveries land as guided.
The bear case starts with capital intensity. Q2 CapEx hit $44.92 billion, free cash flow turned negative at $5.9 billion, long-term debt more than doubled to $98.2 billion, and management guided 2026 CapEx to $175B-$185B. Regulatory pressure is real too, including a $3.5 billion EC fine.
That said, the CapEx surge is funding the same AI infrastructure driving 82% Cloud growth and a $514 billion backlog (the power, cooling, and networking companies feeding that buildout are the subject of a free report we put together, here). Our bear-case target is $420.02, still above today’s price.
Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) is the closest cloud and AI competitor. It trades at a forward P/E of 25 with quarterly revenue growth of 17.7%, meaningfully slower than Google’s 24%. Google trading well below that multiple looks anomalous.
Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META) is the closest digital-ad peer. Meta’s forward P/E of 18 and quarterly revenue growth of 28% are the tightest read on ad-market health, and Google’s Search plus YouTube growth is keeping pace.
Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) is the AWS comparable. Amazon trades at a forward P/E of 24 with an operating margin of 13.7%, well below Google’s 32.03%. Against this peer set, our 24/7 Wall St. price target of $509 looks reasonable on a peer-relative basis.
My verdict: the 24/7 Wall St. price target of $509.02 and buy rating at 90% confidence reflect a rare setup: mega-cap scale, accelerating cloud growth, and a Search franchise that AI has strengthened.
The bull thesis holds if cloud backlog converts to revenue on schedule. The thesis weakens if 2026 CapEx creeps above the $185 billion ceiling without matching backlog growth.
Looking further ahead, here is where our model projects Google could trade if current growth trajectories hold.
These projections assume Google continues executing on AI infrastructure and Cloud commercialization. Meaningful upside or downside could come from Gemini 4’s reception or a shift in the CapEx-to-return cycle.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Vandita Jadeja is a financial publisher with over a decade of experience writing about financial topics, including investment, savings, retirement, insurance and banking. Vandita is a Chartered Accountant who loves to debunk financial concepts for readers.
Her work has appeared on sites that include The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, and Benzinga. She covers  investing and focuses on stock picks and price prediction for 24/7 Wall St.
When not looking for the next stock investment opportunity, she can be found traveling, reading, chasing sunsets and enjoying her iced latte.
Alphabet just posted blowout earnings and yet the stock has shed more than 10% from its peak, leaving investors caught between soaring Cloud growth and a balance sheet that suddenly looks very different from…
Google Cloud just posted 82% growth while the stock sits 4% below its all-time high, and our model has a very specific date when that gap closes.
Alphabet's cloud business just posted growth numbers that look more like a startup than a mega-cap, yet the stock still trades at a forward multiple that suggests the market hasn't noticed. Here's what the…
Alphabet heads into Q2 earnings with prediction markets pricing in a near-certain beat, but the real question is whether one fast-growing business segment can justify what bulls are calling a deeply discounted valuation.
Google Cloud is growing at twice the rate of Azure while GOOG trades at half the valuation multiple, and the gap between perception and reality may be the biggest opportunity hiding in plain sight…
Warren Buffett just made one of his boldest recent bets on a stock that has cooled significantly from its highs, and the reasoning behind that conviction points to a cloud and AI story that…
Warren Buffett, Bill Ackman, and Stanley Druckenmiller all rotated into the same stock last quarter, but the bear case raises a concern most investors are overlooking before they follow suit.
Warren Buffett almost never chases mega-cap tech, which makes Berkshire's massive new position in Alphabet one of the most surprising moves in years and a signal worth taking seriously before the rest of the…
Alphabet just posted its strongest quarter in years, yet the stock tumbled 4% in a single session on fears that its AI brain drain is worsening. Here is why a growing chorus of analysts…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
61,2026-09-10,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Tech > Mobile
Finally a battery worthy of an ultramarathon, better health sensors and a powerful processor that keeps it running.
Principal Writer
Principal Writer
September 10, 2026, 1:19 pm ET
The Apple Watch Ultra 4, which starts at $799, has a new processor and reengineered health sensors that unlock more frequent health measurements, new recovery insights and AI-powered audio tools.
I got to test the Apple Watch Ultra 4 to see some of these new features in action in a demo room at the Steve Jobs Theater after the company’s Surprise and Shine event on Wednesday.
At first glance, the Ultra 4 looked and felt very familiar. But when I flipped it over, the difference was obvious. Compared with the sensor array on my Ultra 3, the back of the Ultra 4 looks almost flower-like, with 32 electrodes resembling the thin petals of a gerbera daisy replacing the previous ring of two. That gives the electrodes more surface area to capture ECG readings. Apple also rearranged the green and infrared LEDs into a new, smaller circular cluster in the middle of the petals with smaller dots.
Those redesigned sensors, combined with the new S11 processor, allow the Ultra 4 to take heart-rate readings every 5 seconds, compared with roughly every 5 minutes on previous models. The same goes for heart-rate variability, or HRV, which the watch can now measure every 5 minutes instead of just a few times throughout the day. Apple says the increased sampling frequency makes it the most accurate wearable on the market. It also powers a new Readiness score, a measure of how well your body is recovering from exercise during the day.  
Unlike many wearables that give you a recovery or readiness score based largely on what happened overnight, Apple’s score changes throughout the day. Because the Ultra 4 samples heart rate and HRV more frequently, Readiness can react in real time as you drain or recharge your body.
I also found a new Daytime toggle in the Vitals app on the watch that lets you view daytime heart rate and HRV alongside the overnight measurements already available in Vitals, like temperature and SpO2. Both features require seven days of data to unlock, so I’ll need at least a week to test them and see whether they align with how I’m feeling, which has often been at odds with what I’ve seen on other devices.
The Apple Watch Ultra 4 and Series 12 are available for preorder and will arrive on Sept. 18. 
The Ultra 4 and Series 12 also gained new Audio Intelligence features, including one called Live Rewind that lets you jump back and hear the previous 15 seconds of a conversation with just a press of the digital crown. During my live demo, the transcription was spot-on, despite the noisy environment. 
The other AI audio feature is Siri Recap, which lets the watch actively listen and detect conversations throughout the day (or at set times) to generate high-level notes and summaries from meetings or other conversations you may want to revisit. You can trigger a recap manually or schedule one ahead of time. 
Apple says it designed the features so audio isn’t stored and instead only keeps the transcripts you save, which only you can access.  
Read more: I Ran 30 Miles With 5 Smartwatches. Here’s the One You Can Actually Trust
The S11 chip is a big part of how the watch pulls this all off without destroying its battery life. It has a dedicated always-on processor that handles background tasks such as heart-rate monitoring and audio processing without constantly waking the main processor.
Battery life remains one of the biggest reasons to choose an Ultra over the flagship Series 12. Apple also slightly increased the battery capacity this year, bringing the estimated battery life to roughly 50 hours, up from 42 hours on the Ultra 3.
That’s still nowhere near the weeks of battery life you can get from some Garmin watches. But Apple seems to be making a different trade-off that favors accuracy (via more frequent reads) over saving on battery life.  
For endurance athletes, though, the more interesting upgrade is its battery life during workouts.
The Ultra 4 now has two sports-specific low-battery modes meant to keep it tracking for much longer without sacrificing core fitness metrics.
Apple is essentially letting athletes choose which compromises they’re willing to make depending on how long they need the watch to last.
The 49mm screen and rugged build are too bulky for me to use the Ultra as my everyday Apple Watch. But the new readiness features, better battery life and more accurate data collection make it tempting for endurance athletes and anyone upgrading from an older Ultra.
Rather than compete head-on with sports watches like Garmin or Coros, Apple is betting that athletes will trade some of that battery life for subscription-free data, high-accuracy tracking and a watch that can now make better use of all that data throughout the day.

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
62,2026-09-10,Meta's Muse agentic AI platform was released just yesterday.
63,2026-09-10,"We picked three dividend stocks to beat the market in 2026, and the results split in ways that reveal something uncomfortable about how income investors actually grade their own calls.

A year ago, 24/7 Wall St. named three top dividend stocks poised to dominate 2026. Yet only one of them, Evergy (NASDAQ:EVRG | EVRG Price Prediction), outperformed the S&P 500 since that call. Atmos Energy (NYSE:ATO) and Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) both trailed the benchmark, even as one of them delivered two of the largest core funds from operations (FFO) beats that a large-cap real estate investment trust (REIT) has posted this year, and the other pushed through a double-digit dividend raise. This post grades the original call on its own terms. The measured window runs from September 9, 2025, through September 10, 2026, with 2026 year-to-date shown alongside because the current calendar year is a separate story that partly reshapes the picture.
This is based on price only, with no reinvested dividends, alongside the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSEARCA:SPY) as the benchmark.
This is the one name that did what we predicted it would do. Shares are up 20.1% over the period since publication, ahead of the S&P 500. The Kansas–Missouri regulated electric utility was trading at $82.55 in premarket on September 10, 2026.
The dividend held its end of the bargain. Evergy is paying $0.6950 per share quarterly, with the next payment on September 18, 2026, and a trailing 12-month total of $2.78 per share. That quarterly amount stepped up from $0.6675, which was the rate across the four ex-dates ending August 2025, so shareholders got a real raise inside our measurement window.
The earnings reports backed up the stock. Evergy beat adjusted EPS by 13.8% in Q1 2026 and by 9.9% in Q2 2026, with adjusted EPS of $0.69 and $0.88, respectively. Management reaffirmed 2026 adjusted EPS guidance of $4.14 to $4.34 at Q2. CEO David Campbell said Evergy expects to “execute at least one more electric service agreement in 2026,” tied to data-center and large-load customer demand across Kansas and Missouri.
Note that the two beats followed a 24.3% Q4 2025 EPS miss, when adjusted EPS came in at just $0.42. Sentiment on Evergy heading into 2026 was not uniformly warm. Our original piece also cited management’s long-term adjusted EPS growth framework of 6% to 8%+ through 2030, with growth expected to exceed 8% beginning in 2028. There is a caveat still on the record: Evergy carries wildfire litigation risk and execution risk on hyperscale data-center loads, and neither has been priced as sharply as at some Western peers.

This may be the most interesting part of the story, and the name we got most wrong on price. The stock returned only 5.0% over the period since publication, well short of the benchmark. Year to date, though, is a different story: the stock is up 14.0% in 2026, ahead of SPY’s 11.0%. Shares last traded at $292.34 on September 10, 2026, after a rough −9.6% one-month stretch.
The operating business hit our thesis and then some. Core FFO per share beat consensus by 2.2% in Q1 2026 at $4.22, and by 1.9% in fiscal Q2 at $4.17. Revenue also beat in both quarters, by 0.6% and 0.4%. Management raised full-year core FFO guidance to $16.75 to $17.05 per share, closed the $10.5 billion National Storage Affiliates merger on July 22, 2026, and signed an agreement to acquire Public Storage Canada for $1.2 billion. CEO Tom Boyle called Q2 the start of a “new era” he labels PS 4.0.
Our original pitch was that a reader would collect the yield while waiting for a price recovery. The payout has not grown, though. The quarterly dividend has been $3 per share since the March 2023 ex-date, and it stayed at $3 across the March, June, and September 2026 ex-dates. Trailing 12-month dividends total $12 per share, and the annualized forward rate is $12. Income investors were paid to wait, but they were paid the same amount they were paid two years ago. One risk to flag alongside that: same-store revenue declined 0.6% in Q2 with same-store net operating income (NOI) down 2.2%, and integration of the NSA and PS Canada portfolios is still ahead.

Atmos Energy shares closed at $166.59 on September 9, 2026, up 3.9% over the period since publication and 1.6% lower year to date. The stock has gone essentially nowhere in 2026.
The dividend delivered exactly what a utility income investor would want. The quarterly payout stepped up from $0.87 to $1.00 per share at the November 2025 ex-date and has held at $1.00 across each of the four most recent records. That is a 14.9% increase over fiscal 2025, with an indicated annual rate of $4.00 per share and a trailing 12-month total of $4.00.
Earnings execution has been steady but unspectacular. Fiscal Q1 2026 GAAP diluted EPS came in at $2.44, beating consensus by 0.07%, a very thin margin. Fiscal Q2 2026 EPS was $3.47 versus $3.41 consensus on revenue of $2.06 billion. Management raised fiscal 2026 EPS guidance to $8.40 to $8.50 and reaffirmed it at fiscal Q3, backed by roughly $4.2 billion of capex, of which more than 87% is going to safety and reliability. The balance sheet is unusually clean for a capital-intensive utility: $4.6 billion in available liquidity and 60% equity capitalization at quarter end.
There is a critical limitation on grading this name, as Atmos runs a September fiscal year, so its current fiscal year is not finished, and there are no reported EPS or revenue figures for fiscal Q4. The original article cited an expected full-year revenue growth figure. That claim cannot be graded yet because the fiscal year is still open. The relevant near-term risk investors are actually pricing is that management said Waha basis spreads have narrowed significantly as additional takeaway capacity came online, and it now expects to land at the lower end of the Atmos Pipeline-Texas through-system EPS contribution range.

One clean win, one paradox, one quiet miss. Evergy beat the market and raised its dividend. Public Storage grew core FFO, closed a transformational merger, and still trailed the benchmark on price while holding its distribution flat. Atmos raised its dividend by a double-digit percentage, and the stock barely moved. Dividends and price are two different scoreboards. A call graded only on price would say Public Storage was a bust; a call graded only on dividends would call Atmos a winner. Both readings are incomplete, and blending them into a single total-return verdict is how income investors talk themselves into or out of positions for the wrong reasons. (If you want to see how we screen for the payers with the longest raise streaks at today’s prices, our free Dividend Kings report ranks 10 of them.)
 
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Trey has been an editor and author at 24/7 Wall St. for more than a decade, where he has published thousands of articles analyzing corporate earnings, dividend stocks, short interest, insider buying, private equity, and market trends. His comprehensive coverage spans the full spectrum of financial markets, from blue-chip stalwarts to emerging growth companies.
Beyond 24/7 Wall St., Trey has created and edited financial content for Benzinga and AOL's BloggingStocks, contributing additional hundreds of articles to the investment community. He previously oversaw the 24/7 Climate Insights site, managing editorial operations and content strategy, and currently oversees and creates content for My Investing News.
Trey's editorial expertise extends across multiple publishing environments. He served as production editor at Dearborn Financial Publishing and development editor at Kaplan, where he helped shape financial education materials. Earlier in his career, he worked as a writer-producer at SVE. His freelance editing portfolio includes work for prestigious clients such as Sage Publications, Rand McNally, the Institute for Supply Management, the American Library Association, Eggplant Literary Productions, and Spiegel.
Outside of financial journalism, Trey writes fiction and has been an active member of the writing community for years, overseeing a long-running critique group and moderating workshop sessions at regional conventions. He lives with his family in an old house in the Midwest.
The stock market is at an inflection point, and it is hard to judge how 2026 could be. It could be another year of double-digit gains, just like 2023, 2024, and 2025 (so far),…
Some utilities have mailed unbroken dividend checks for seven straight decades, and a few on this list are quietly positioned to accelerate payouts just as data center demand rewrites their growth outlook.
Both Procter & Gamble and Colgate-Palmolive just cut checks to shareholders within days of each other, but one of these Dividend Kings carries a coverage cushion and valuation profile that separates it decisively from…
Four Dividend Aristocrats were flagged as stealth growth plays a year ago, and the results cut sharply in two directions. See which names delivered and which stumbled, plus three fresh picks where the dividend…
Six months ago we named three Dividend Aristocrats as the best bets for 2026, and the halftime scorecard reveals one stock that more than doubled the market, one that held steady, and one that…
Truist and U.S. Bancorp are writing shareholders identical checks this year, but underneath that matching number, one bank is quietly building momentum while the other sits frozen in place.
Both data center REITs just paid shareholders, both ride the same AI wave, but their dividend scorecards look nothing alike. One has raised its payout for over a decade while the other has frozen…
Cisco and IBM both cut dividend checks to shareholders this month, but one company earns a grade that might surprise income investors who judge payouts by yield alone.
Gilead's quarterly dividend keeps growing and its HIV cash machine runs hot, but the whole enterprise depends on a single blockbuster drug with a patent expiration already penciled onto a calendar a decade out.…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
64,2026-09-10,"With a big redesign, will people still give their best? The answer depends on what you believe about your people."
65,2026-09-10,"40 Award-Winning Photos From Ocean Photographer of the Year 2026
Search

The winners of the Ocean Photographer of the Year 2026 competition have been revealed, showcasing an incredible array of exceptional underwater and marine-related photos that reflect the beauty of the world’s oceans and all their inhabitants. 
Last month, Oceanographic and Blancpain revealed some incredible finalists from the competition, but now the full winners are here, and they were worth the wait. 
French photographer Julien Anton has been named the Ocean Photographer of the Year 2026 for his stunning black-and-white portrait of a male seahorse and two tiny juveniles. The young seahorses, barely visible against the pitch-black ocean background, provide a strong sense of scale and a storytelling element in the frame. 
“We spent countless hours searching in difficult conditions, with no guarantee of finding a single seahorse. That is what made the moment so extraordinary — when the juveniles turned back towards the adult, it felt like something far beyond what I had dared to hope for,” Anton explains. 
“I am not a professional photographer; for me, photography is simply how I share what I see and feel. My hope is that this image can serve as a bridge between science, conservation and a world that deserves to know what is at stake,” Anton continues. 
Anton’s photo also took top prize in the Ocean Wildlife category. 
British photographer Jenny Stock won the Female Fifty Fathoms Award this year. Created in 2021, this special award celebrates pioneering women in ocean photography. 
Unlike the rest of the competition, which features photos entered by photographers worldwide, Stock was nominated by her peers and judged alongside other nominees by the Ocean Photographer of the Year jury. 
“To be nominated by fellow photographers means more to me than I can easily put into words — this community is everything,” Stock explains. 
“The Female Fifty Fathoms Award is particularly special because it celebrates the achievements and passion of women in ocean photography, and the women who have previously won it are exceptionally talented, so it’s a privilege to join their ranks,” she continues. 
“The connection to the Blancpain Fifty Fathoms watch — one of diving’s most iconic timepieces — makes it even more extraordinary. I’m honored beyond measure, and I hope this recognition inspires more women to pick up a camera and discover the magic that’s beneath the surface.” 
Over 15,000 photographers entered this year’s competition, battling it out across seven primary categories with an eighth Ocean Portfolio Award in the mix. 
There were some incredible finalists that ultimately did not win awards. Galleries of all of the finalists are available on Oceanographic. PetaPixel has selected some to highlight. 
Image creditsOcean Photographer of the Year is presented by Oceanographic and Blancpain
 Affiliate Disclosure PetaPixel articles may include affiliate links; we may earn a commission if you buy through one. 
 Become a Member today to enjoy an ad-free experience and exclusive rewards.				

						As the world’s largest independent photography publication, PetaPixel relies on readers like you to keep our news, in-depth reviews, and features going strong.					
 Become a Member today to enjoy an ad-free experience and exclusive rewards:							
PetaPixel Comment Policy
Be respectful and on-topic. Please flag comments that are rude, spam, or unhelpful. Abusive commenters will be banned.
Become a PetaPixel Member and access our content ad-free.
 © 2026 PetaPixel Inc. All rights reserved. "
66,2026-09-10,"

				Overhype			

If you enjoy badly written bipartisan protectionist tech legislation designed primarily to coddle giant U.S. companies under the xenophobia-tinged breathless pretense of privacy and national security, you are really going to enjoy the next twelve to twenty-four months.
While the U.S. drowns in corrupt kakistocracy, the Chinese are making significant market inroads in everything from AI to EVs. That’s resulted in U.S. companies applying greater and greater pressure on U.S. lawmakers to simply ban Chinese goods. The Trump administration’s adoption of this policy has been a hot and sloppy protectionist mess, incompetently implemented and unsubtly racist.
Automakers are particularly worried about cheaper, better Chinese EVs making their way to the U.S. So under the banner of the misleadingly named Alliance for Automotive Innovation, they’re pressuring U.S. lawmakers to enact a ban on Chinese EVs. You know, because they’re very worried about privacy and national security:
“Right now, Chinese automakers are dumping subsidized vehicles with connected software and hardware around the world,” John Bozzella, CEO of the group, said in the letter seen by CNBC. “This hasn’t happened inside the U.S. yet, but given the scale and urgency of this threat, we urge you to enact a Chinese vehicle, software and hardware ban before adjourning this year and make this policy the law of the land.”
“Enacting a permanent ban on Chinese vehicles and high-risk hardware and software in the 119th Congress will send a clear and bipartisan message that China’s strategy to dominate global automotive manufacturing will be met with a national security policy response from the American government,” Bozzella said.
So for one, I like how the auto industry throws the word “subsidized” around as if they haven’t enjoyed generations’ worth of their own pointless subsidies. Two, the U.S. auto industry has some of the worst privacy standards and ratings of any industry in America, and sell the entirety of your driving, personal, and behavior data to any old random asshole in a country too corrupt to pass privacy laws. 
Failing to secure your own vehicles and fighting tooth and nail against any privacy safeguards… then ranting incoherently about the threat of Chinese tech on U.S. shores is not serious policy. Our failure to regulate data brokers or pass modern privacy laws means the Chinese simply buy this same data from any of dozens of dodgy companies already, making a lot of this stuff lazy pantomime. 
We’ve seen this before: Democratic lawmakers in Michigan recently tried to ban Chinese EVs from even visiting the state, suggesting that automakers are afraid of Americans even getting to look at overseas alternatives. The justification (by folks who are are, again, completely absent when it comes to any sort of domestic U.S. privacy standards) is they were just very concerned about U.S. consumer privacy.
I maintain that ideally you allow Chinese companies to compete in the U.S. market, but you fund, staff, and legally protect your labor, consumer, competition, and environmental regulators so that companies are all genuinely competing on a level playing field. You boot or penalize obvious bad actors on privacy, security, competition, and consumer protection, both foreign and domestic.
U.S. corporate giants don’t much want that, given it means more oversight, more competition, and diminished quarterly returns. So what we often get instead is a sort of a corrupt-fueled incompetent rank protectionism that’s highly performative but still broadly harmful. 
And while you could theoretically implement protectionism in a way that’s coherent, the U.S. is too corrupt to do that. So what you get is stuff like the TikTok ban, which was driven by years of hysteria about Chinese spying and propaganda, only to result in a bipartisan array of lawmakers shoveling TikTok off to Trump’s billionaire autocrat friends, which was not any net improvement.
Or you get stuff like the “race to 5G,” which involved U.S. policymakers being told that the only way to keep pace with Chinese 5G was to give U.S. telecoms less oversight, more pointless subsidies, and approval for their terrible mergers (the U.S. lost the “race to 5G” in terms of reach, network quality, and affordability then immediately just… stopped talking about it). 
Or you get stuff like the recent ban on Chinese drones, which the Trump FCC is too incompetent to implement, resulting in higher prices, lower quality products on U.S. shelves, new corrupt patronage systems, and a lot of pointless chaos. 
As a backdrop we have a U.S. corporate press that’s incapable of expressing how badly any of this is going in practice (often because affluent media ownership supports the administration and its mindless deregulation), resulting in this strange disconnect between material reality and the performance lawmakers put on to convince themselves they’re doing serious and useful policy. 
If U.S. policymakers cared about privacy and national security they’d pass a meaningful modern privacy law (with powerful penalties for U.S. companies or executives), and they’d regulate data brokers. If they cared about national security, they’d eject Donald Trump from the body politic. Unless they’re doing these things, they’re not really worth taking seriously on privacy or national security. 
With cheaper Chinese AI models threatening U.S. tech giants’ dreams of software automation walled garden dominance, you can expect all of this sort of performative dysfunction to get much much dumber, supported by the press and the kind of folks who’ll talk your ear off over cocktails about how much they love free markets and the kind of innovation forged in the furnace of real competition.


	Filed Under: ai, china, competition, EVs, national security, privacy, protectionism


	Companies: aai

Ford’s subsidiary Lincoln stopped building their two best-selling vehicles (Lincoln Nautilus and Corsair) in the US and now builds them in China and imports them.  And they convinced the US gov’t to give the vehicles US identification numbers even though they are entirely built in China.
I have a 2025 Toyota made in Japan and that thing is a firehose of data about me. If youre driving a computer on wheels with internet connectivity you’ve signed your privacy away completely, so it would be better to ban specific practices than “chinese car companies” if they care about privacy. But they dont.

  Are we banning Japanese, German and American cars too?

Between what you wrote, and license plate readers, parking apps, toll road transmitters and such, that would greatly improve privacy. One rarely hears about people tracking bicyclists and horse-and-buggy riders. Maybe the Amish have it right: only use technology you can fully understand and build or at least maintain yourself.
If the Chinese vehicles are simpler to maintain and have generic parts, I will probably buy one. If their vehicles are not digital landfills like the cars that we have now, I will definitely buy one.
Wouldn’t it wild if at the same time lawmakers complain about surveillance by Chinese vehicles (without evidence) people were being listened to in their own homes by an appliance in their living room?

  people were being listened to in their own homes by an appliance in their living room?

If you’re talking about the recent LG story, I don’t think it’s been on Techdirt yet, so there’s the link for anyone who hasn’t seen it.
But I don’t really like the “without evidence” framing. Technically, I’m not sure we yet have full evidence of what the LG televisions are sending, versus what they’re capable of collecting and request permission to send. The full report only seems to have been released as a YouTube video, and since I lack a YouTube account for privacy reasons, I haven’t been able to watch it.
Do these vehicles from China have data storage, cellular radios, and apps that request way too much authority? If so, the onus should be on their makers—as with television manufacturers and such, regardless of country—to prove they’re respecting users privacy. I’m tired of people suggesting shit like “just don’t connect it to your network” or “avoid the app if you don’t like it”, without evidence of how that affects privacy exposure. Like, people who care about privacy might be foolish to dispose of a television without physically destroying its data storage chip(s), unless it’s been proven that there’s no private data on there (“look what I learned about the previous owner of this ‘smart’ TV I bought at a thrift store” is a story we’ll likely see eventually).
Just want a way to connect to my States representatives and Judges.
What a comedy show we could have..

  to prove they’re respecting users privacy.

…which necessarily involves them being secure, something that very few software makers have yet to do successfully. These things have Wi-Fi. What happens if, while they’re scanning the airwaves (including Wi-Fi but also ATSC—and DVB, ISDB, and DTMB, which it’s probably scanning for even in countries that don’t officially use them, and maybe Bluetooth…), somebody manages to exploit the radio’s networking stack or video decoder? One could probably make a worm that way.
So connecting it to the Internet is probably both necessary (for security updates) and disastrous (for manufacturer spying, and unwanted non-security updates), and there’s no good way to know which it’s gonna be on any particular day.
What is this “privacy” thing of which you speak?
I love my Polestar. I’m not sure if the connected data it leaks is via Google or Polestar.
Let me see if I somewhat understand the premise here, the Chinese are going to use these super smart cars to spy on us all over the country. Why the fuck didn’t we think of that and spy all over China with the Buicks we built there?
So, I went to AI and asked about Buicks presence in China, as I have been there and have seen it in person.
Here is a very interesting answer.
“So, compared with the U.S.
The contrast of Buick US to Buick China is pretty remarkable:
U.S. Buick lineup: essentially Enclave, Encore GX, Envision and Envista.
China Buick lineup: a much broader range of SUVs, sedans, MPVs, PHEVs and EVs—roughly a dozen model families, with several having no U.S. equivalent at all.
GM has actually acknowledged that China is becoming a development center for Buick. In August 2026, GM extended its SAIC partnership for another 20 years and said it intends to increase vehicle development in China. Some of those China-developed Buicks are now being considered for export to the Middle East, Africa, South America and Asia.
If you’re asking because you’re looking at the Chinese Buick models and wondering why GM doesn’t sell some of them here, that’s a very interesting question. The Electra L7, E7 and Encasa in particular are substantially more sophisticated than the current U.S. Buick lineup.”
Bottom line here is Buick builds a better car in China than they do here. That’s just great, I’m going to run out and buy one for sure.

  Why the fuck didn’t we think of that and spy all over China with the Buicks we built there?

Buicks are made by General Motors, whose cars generally do spy on their drivers. Karl provided several links about it, in this very story. I’m not sure about the Chinese models; but, concerning the American models before 2025: FTC Takes Action Against General Motors for Sharing Drivers’ Precise Location and Driving Behavior Data Without Consent (“Under proposed order, GM and OnStar will be banned for five years [till sometime in 2030] from disclosing geolocation and driver behavior data to consumer reporting agencies”)
This is the TikTok argument all over again.
“Only American companies should spy on Americans!”
…and feed the data to the US government for 4th Amendment violations and hunting immigrants and targeting violent terrorists/peaceful protesters who oppose genocidal authoritarians.
I recently installed a PV solar system (on grid, hybrid 22kw) using components bought from China (a DIY, it was remarkably cheap to do).  I make more electricity than I use and would get an electric car if they were price competitive.  China makes those now.  So, given how much data is already snagged by the modern U.S. cars (look at how delighted law enforcement is to get your phone once it’s been bluetoothed to your car) and by all the license plate readers, it seems a fair deal to just use the same yardstick on the Chinese made vehicle.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Have a Techdirt Account? Sign in now. Want one? Register here
Name 
Email 
Subscribe to the Techdirt Daily newsletter
URL 
Subject 
Comment * 
Techdirt community members with Techdirt Credits can spotlight a comment as either the ""First Word"" or ""Last Word"" on a particular comment thread. Credits can be purchased at the Techdirt Insider Shop »
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
 



Δ

We don’t spam. Read our privacy policy for more info.
Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
        
 
A weekly news podcast fromMike Masnick & Ben Whitelaw
Read the latest posts:


		Read All		»



Become an Insider! 


This feature is only available to registered users.
You can register here or sign in to use it. "
67,2026-09-10,"Buc-ee's has won another legal battle to protect its famous beaver mascot.
A federal judge has ordered South Carolina clothing retailer Born United to pay more than $850,000 after the company admitted to infringing on Buc-ee's trademark, according to the Greenville News, part of the USA TODAY Network. The judgment permanently prohibits Born United from using Buc-ee's beaver logo or any mark considered ""confusingly similar.""
The order also requires Born United to destroy merchandise bearing the disputed logo, remove advertisements featuring it and could require the company to pay Buc-ee's attorney fees if it violates the terms of the judgment.
The ruling is the latest victory for the Texas-based travel center chain, which has aggressively defended its trademarks as it expands across the United States. Buc-ee's has filed a number of lawsuits in recent years against businesses it says copied elements of its branding, including its recognizable smiling beaver mascot.
Buc-ee's filed the federal lawsuit against Born United in 2025, alleging the North Charleston retailer sold clothing featuring a version of the company's trademarked beaver logo.
According to Greenville News, some of the merchandise depicted a beaver resembling Buc-ee's mascot wearing tactical gear, including night-vision goggles and carrying a weapon. Buc-ee's argued the designs infringed on its federally registered trademarks and could lead customers to believe the products were affiliated with the company.
Born United agreed to settle the case by paying approximately $850,000 and permanently stopping use of Buc-ee's beaver logo or similar designs. The judgment also requires the company to destroy remaining products bearing the disputed logo and remove advertisements featuring the image.
Born United is a South Carolina clothing company with stores in North Charleston, Myrtle Beach and Summerville.
The retailer sells military-themed apparel and accessories through several brands. On its website, Born United says it ""respects, supports and honors"" members of the military, law enforcement, firefighters, first responders and others who serve the country.
The Born United case is one of several trademark disputes Buc-ee's has pursued as the company continues expanding beyond its Texas roots.
Most recently, Buc-ee's sued Beaver's Mini Mart, a family-owned convenience store in Beavercreek, Ohio. According to the federal complaint, Buc-ee's alleges the store's smiling beaver logo, name and red-letter branding are similar enough to its trademarks to create consumer confusion. The Ohio business has denied intentionally copying Buc-ee's branding.
The lawsuit attracted national attention after HBO's John Oliver criticized Buc-ee's history of trademark litigation on ""Last Week Tonight"" and challenged the company to sue over parody merchandise featuring a squirrel mascot. Days later, Buc-ee's filed its lawsuit against Beaver's Mini Mart.
Buc-ee's has also pursued trademark lawsuits against businesses including Teddy's Market in Georgia, Barc-ee's in Missouri, Super Fuels in Texas and Chicks convenience stores.
As Buc-ee's continues opening stores in new states, the company has increasingly turned to the courts to protect what it argues is one of its most recognizable brand assets: its trademarked smiling beaver. The judgment against Born United is the latest example of Buc-ee's efforts to prevent other businesses from using logos or branding that it says could confuse consumers.
Contributing: Gabe Hauri, USA TODAY
Reporter Anthony Thompson can be reached at ajthompson@usatodayco.com, or on X @athompsonUSAT"
68,2026-09-10,"About five years ago, my husband and I bought a house in a hillside Sicilian village without having seen it in person.
We knew it was an unconventional decision. We were living in New York City at the time, and I had never even been to Sicily before we closed on the property. Some family and friends doubted our plans.
In retrospect, a lot could have gone wrong — but it wasn't until we were finally on our way to Sicily in May 2022 that I said aloud, ""What if we hate the house?""
Thankfully, we didn't.
Our plan was risky, but it wasn't one we made on a whim. It was inspired by the limitations I had due to a chronic health condition.
For years, I had lived with chronic migraines, meaning I experienced 15 or more days each month with migraine symptoms. One of my most severe triggers was air travel.
A cross-country flight usually landed me in bed for a week, unable to function. It got so bad that I stopped flying for work and fun, only occasionally traveling by train.
I missed travel, though, and I dreamed of visiting Sicily — specifically, Melilli, the hillside village where many of my husband's relatives lived. My husband and father-in-law had told me so many stories about this village, with its maze of cobbled streets and stunning sea views.
In early 2020, my husband and I came up with a radical solution. If we bought an affordable house in Sicily — and did it all remotely — we could visit often, and for longer periods.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
When I got sick for a week, it would only be a blip, rather than an expensive, ""once in a lifetime"" vacation ruined.
Initially, we planned on finding a country house. We learned that tending land can become expensive, though, especially with the risk of summer wildfires — and our goal was to make travel to Italy easier and affordable.
We found a Sicilian-British couple to be our on-the-ground property hunters. Out of seven potential houses we looked into, we chose a two-bedroom in Melilli's historic center.
Tucked away on a quiet street too narrow for most cars, the sunny yellow house had a panoramic rooftop terrace the size of our one-bedroom apartment in Brooklyn.
The undeveloped land behind it was lined with terraced gardens, silver-leafed olive trees, and orange and lemon trees. We paid 57,000 euros, or about $65,000 USD, plus closing costs.
The house was already habitable, though unfurnished. The one wrinkle: Like many Italian houses, it didn't come with a kitchen.
We worried about the added expense, but our local real-estate agent helped us order a basic kitchen. Unlike in the US, Italian kitchens are often purchased as a single unit — cabinets, countertops, and appliances included.
Everything arrives in boxes and is assembled and installed in just a few hours. The total price was about less than $1,500.
Although the house felt cheap to us by US standards, buying it was not risk-free. Properties here often sit on the market for years, so whatever we paid was a sunk cost. If we weren't happy, we likely wouldn't be able to flip the house or quickly resell it.
After 20 years in New York City apartments, the house felt like a palazzo.
The rooms were bright, and the ceilings were high. Every morning, sunlight streamed in our southeast-facing windows. From our roof, I could see the Mediterranean Sea and Mount Etna in the distance.
I fell in love with the rhythm of village life, including impromptu street chats with neighbors, the abundant local produce, and the nearby ancient ruins and cultural sites.
When we returned to Brooklyn after two months, my husband and I instantly knew it wasn't home anymore. Home was the yellow house in Sicily.
It took us a year to plan our full-time move. My husband was already a dual citizen thanks to his Sicilian father, so we didn't need visas. We did, however, need to prepare my immigration paperwork and plan for how to make a living.
I walked away from my 20-year nonprofit fundraising career and built a consulting business. Between things like being enrolled in the national health system and taking advantage of freelancer tax incentives, I've been able to work part-time instead of full-time.
Even though buying the house in Sicily was a risk, it turned into a smart financial move, too — and I get to spend more time in Italy than I ever dreamed.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
69,2026-09-10,"Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) reports fiscal third-quarter earnings after the bell today.
The company has beaten earnings estimates for six straight quarters and nine of the last 10, which may be why Polymarket traders give it roughly a 92% chance of beating the market’s $6.08 non-GAAP EPS benchmark tonight.
The more interesting action is on Kalshi, where traders are betting on which specific words CEO Shantanu Narayen and his team will say on the 5 p.m. ET call.
""GenStudio"" is at 93%. GenStudio is Adobe’s platform for helping large companies create and manage marketing content using AI. Its annual recurring revenue grew more than 25% year-over-year last quarter, making it one of the clearest places Adobe can point to actual AI-related growth.
""Semrush"" is also at 93%. Adobe bought the search-marketing company in April and is using its data to help brands track how they appear in both traditional search and AI-generated answers. 

""OpenAI"" is at 86%. Adobe works with OpenAI by making some Photoshop and Acrobat features available through ChatGPT, but the two companies also compete in AI image generation.
That tension sharpened Wednesday, when The Information reported that OpenAI will stop accepting ChatGPT ads for rival image- and audio-generation products, including Adobe Firefly.
‘Nvidia’ sits at 61%. Adobe and Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) partnered in March, with Nvidia technology helping power next-generation Firefly models alongside work on AI agents and 3D digital twins.
""LLM Optimizer"" is at 56%. Adobe renamed the product Adobe Brand Visibility in early August and added Semrush data to help companies track how their brands appear in AI search. At 56%, traders are split on whether the old name survives tonight’s call.
""Disney"" sits at 33%. Walt Disney Imagineering is working with Adobe to build custom Firefly models trained on Disney’s own creative assets, including tools for concept art and 3D design.
""Firefly Video"" sits at just 13%. Adobe launched a new AI video tool inside Premiere this week, but editors can choose whether to generate footage with Firefly or rival models from Google, Kling, Runway and Luma.
The low odds suggest Adobe may focus more on Premiere as the place creators use AI, rather than pushing Firefly Video itself.
Traders expect Narayen to spend plenty of time on Adobe’s AI products, acquisitions and partnerships. The bigger question is whether AI is becoming a new growth engine or eroding the value of Adobe’s core creative software.
That debate has split two prominent contrarian investors. Michael Burry called Adobe a ""Fat Pitch"" in May, arguing investors had pushed the stock too low despite its cash generation, $25 billion buyback and entrenched position in creative software. He said he owned a ""full position.""
Former OpenAI researcher Leopold Aschenbrenner took the opposite view. His Situational Awareness fund reportedly shorted Adobe as part of a broader bet against software vulnerable to AI disruption before unwinding most of its public-equity book in July. The bet went badly against him as Adobe rallied in July
Adobe shares are down 23.3% this year.
It may be Narayen’s last earnings call as CEO, with Anil Chakravarthy set to take over Dec. 1 and Adobe’s next report typically landing in mid-December.
Image: Shutterstock
Kalshi and Benzinga have an existing data collaboration agreement.
Dan Ives says Apple’s $1,999 foldable iPhone could drive 20% of iPhone revenue, with 300 million users due for an upgrade.
© 2026 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
To add Benzinga News as your preferred source on Google, click here.
A newsletter built for market enthusiasts by market enthusiasts. Top stories, top movers, and trade ideas delivered to your inbox every weekday before and after the market closes.
Recommended Stories
 
 
 
 "
70,2026-09-10,"The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said the current rules have made it difficult for MIIs to find suitable candidates, particularly for public interest direc
Listen to this article in summarized format
Unlock AI Briefing and Premium Content
Sebi proposed changes to the existing rules governing the appointment of directors to the boards of stock exchanges, clearing corporations and depositories.

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Bigger or Better: One order from Power Grid Corp added $1 billion to the market cap of a company – Final part
Banks have received a flood of money. Now comes the real test
New aircraft order opens door for ATR assembly line in India
An old India Inc habit: Ignore the nudge, wait for the stick
Season of change in accounting policy: A simple AI prompt can tell you a lot
Is crude oil becoming a financial problem?
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Story Listing
Top Prime Articles
Private Companies
Top Commodities
Top Slideshow
Top Definitions
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime









                 Connect with an ETPrime expert for personalized support and guidance
                
What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
71,2026-09-10,Stocks were down on Thursday as investors watched for stress signs in the bond market as long dated bond yields as oil prices remain elevated.
72,2026-09-10,"Intel's stock has surged to levels that leave Wall Street's analyst community unmoved, and the gap between what traders are betting on and what the fundamentals actually show keeps widening in ways that matter.
The professional research desk has always been the part of Wall Street that retail investors could not buy. AlphaSpace by Yahoo Finance opens one for $39.95 a month, and the first seven days cost nothing.1 (Sponsor)
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.
Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) is having a year that few on Wall Street saw coming. The stock is up 187.91% year to date and 334.7% over the past twelve months, and it added another 17.98% in the past week alone after Investopedia flagged that Intel could raise prices again, a move that would push selected PC processor prices roughly 10% higher. That report is not confirmed Intel policy, and neither is the further workforce reduction or the possible retirement of Intel’s Small Core product family that traders have been trading around.
Yet the analyst community will not budge. Sell-side coverage stands at 32 Holds against 13 Buys, 1 Strong Buy, 1 Sell and 1 Strong Sell, with an average target of $115.88 that sits only modestly above the $106.24 close on September 9, 2026.
Pricing power means customers stay after the increase because alternatives are worse. Scarcity rent means they pay because they have nowhere else to go this quarter. On the Q2 call, CFO David Zinsner credited client results to mix-related pricing, like-for-like pricing changes, and passing higher costs through to customers, while CEO Lip-Bu Tan said: “strong demand for our products continues to outpace our growing supply”.
Those quotes describe scarcity rent more than durable power. Industry shortages span leading-edge logic, silicon wafers, memory, and substrates, and Intel itself expects PC consumption to run down low double-digit percent for all of 2026. Raising prices into weakening unit demand tends not to end well when AMD (NASDAQ:AMD) and Arm-based competition regains capacity.
Server is the cleaner story. Data Center and AI revenue reached $6.26 billion, up 59% year over year, and Zinsner characterized the multi-year server trajectory as “well north of a double digit CAGR”.
Non-GAAP gross margin reached 41.8% in Q2, with guidance for 42% in Q3. Management wants margins “comfortably into the 40s in every quarter”.
But Intel Foundry lost $2.1 billion in the quarter on just $293 million of external foundry revenue, and high-volume 14A production is not expected until 2028. Meanwhile, 2026 CapEx now runs above $20 billion, with 2027 higher still.
Analyst caution on the fundamentals looks warranted. The evidence that would flip it is a named external foundry customer at scale on 18A or 14A, well beyond a 10% sticker bump on Panther Lake.
Intel trades at a forward P/E of 52, even as the business still posts a -2.09 diluted EPS. The rally has priced in a foundry outcome that management itself dates to 2028. Compared with AMD’s cleaner earnings profile and NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA)’s accelerator dominance, Intel is the more speculative bet at this level. Rating: Hold.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Omor Ibne Ehsan is a writer at 24/7 Wall St. He is a self-taught investor with a focus on growth and cyclical stocks that have strong fundamentals, value, and long-term potential. He also has an interest in high-risk, high-reward investments such as cryptocurrencies and penny stocks.
Intel just posted its strongest revenue growth in over 15 years, yet shares sit more than 30% below their recent peak after a massive stock offering rattled investors. Whether that gap is a buying…
Advanced packaging has quietly become the make-or-break factor in the AI race. Hyperscalers need to combine chiplets, high-bandwidth memory, and dense interconnects into powerful final packages that overcome the physical limits of printing ever-larger…
Intel has staged one of the most dramatic reversals in semiconductor history, but the real question is whether the forces driving its comeback can hold long enough to justify where the stock sits today.
I’ll cut to the chase. Intel (NASDAQ: INTC | INTC Price Prediction) has been one of the most extraordinary turnaround stories of the past year, with shares up 466.75% over the trailing 12 months…
Intel has staged one of the most dramatic stock revivals in recent memory, but two unresolved catalysts will either confirm the turnaround as real or expose this year's triple-digit rally as a trade that…
AMD (NASDAQ:AMD | AMD Price Prediction) and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) both reported Q1 fiscal 2026 results within two weeks of each other, and the contrast is striking. AMD posted $10.25 billion in revenue powered by…
Intel (NASDAQ:INTC | INTC Price Prediction) and Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD) both closed fiscal year 2025 with Q4 earnings that tell very different stories. Intel is fighting to rebuild credibility around its manufacturing ambitions…
Both Micron and Intel just reported earnings that crushed expectations, but one company is locking in guaranteed billion-dollar AI contracts while the other is still waiting for its first external foundry customer to sign.
Intel shares have surged over 300% in the past year, yet Wall Street remains skeptical and the stock sits nearly 20% off its peak. A specific set of milestones could push INTC to a…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
73,2026-09-10,"Palantir just posted what its CEO called an otherworldly quarter, yet the stock keeps sliding. The path to $250 exists, but it hinges on three specific conditions that could just as easily unravel.
The professional research desk has always been the part of Wall Street that retail investors could not buy. AlphaSpace by Yahoo Finance opens one for $39.95 a month, and the first seven days cost nothing.1 (Sponsor)
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.
Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) has become the defining name in enterprise AI. The stock is up 1,692.63% since its 2020 direct listing, yet shares are actually down 4.19% year to date.
Meanwhile, Q2 revenue grew 92.83% year over year and U.S. commercial revenue exploded 149%. CEO Alex Karp called the quarter “otherworldly”. So can PLTR keep climbing to $250 in 2027? I think the setup is more compelling than the stock price suggests.
The disconnect is real. Shares are down 5.35% over the past week and 0.99% over the past month, even after a monster earnings report. The reason has less to do with the business and more to do with the stock. Palantir trades at a trailing P/E of 241x with a beta of 1.62. That is a punishing combination when rates wobble.
As MarketWatch noted last week, bond yields and competitive noise from Google have hit the multiple. Then on September 8, the stock slipped even after naming Nebius its preferred sovereign AI partner. High-beta names get sold first when investors rotate. Nothing about Q2 fundamentals justifies the pullback.
The Street consensus target sits at $191.68, with 1 strong buy, 20 buys, 9 holds, 1 sell, and 1 strong sell. Our own model pegs the one-year base case at $184.84 with an optimistic scenario of $213.34 and bear case of $158.11, at high confidence (0.9).
Both look conservative to me. The FY2026 EPS consensus has moved from $1.4636 ninety days ago to $1.6027 today, with 25 upward revisions and zero downward revisions in the last 30 days. Analysts are chasing the numbers rather than leading them.
Reaching $250 from today’s price of $170.30 would require a gain of 46.8%. Here is where it gets interesting. With forward EPS of $1.76, a price of $250 implies a forward P/E of 142x. Our base case of $184.84 already implies 143x. That means the bold target requires essentially no additional multiple expansion. It only needs EPS to catch up.
That is the whole thesis. The FY2027 EPS estimate of $2.31 would price $250 at just 108x, a real compression story. Palantir’s Rule of 40 score of 155%, $6.238 billion in U.S. commercial remaining deal value, and a full-year guide raised to $8.15 billion (82% growth) support that trajectory.
Karp says “Demand for AI sovereignty has now been unleashed“. With 66% bullish analyst sentiment and an adjustment factor of 1.132, momentum is on Palantir’s side. The primary risk is that stock-based compensation of $265 million and mega-cap dampening cap multiple upside.
At $170.30, PLTR trades at roughly 97x forward EPS of $1.76. That is expensive on paper, but not when weighed against 225% net income growth and a Rule of 40 near record levels.
Shares sit between a 52-week low of $106.37 and a high of $207.52. The 1,692.63% ten-year return shows this stock will pay for growth if growth keeps accelerating. Right now, it is.
$250 requires a 46.8% gain, and the math simply needs Palantir to keep executing.
Three things must go right: U.S. commercial growth stays above 100%, the sovereign AI narrative converts to $3.424 billion in commercial revenue, and Q3 delivers on the $2.16 billion guide. What derails it is a broader tech multiple compression driven by rates. Returns at this level shouldn’t be expected every year, but we’ve outlined the blueprint for how Palantir could reach $250 in 2027.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Vandita Jadeja is a financial publisher with over a decade of experience writing about financial topics, including investment, savings, retirement, insurance and banking. Vandita is a Chartered Accountant who loves to debunk financial concepts for readers.
Her work has appeared on sites that include The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, and Benzinga. She covers  investing and focuses on stock picks and price prediction for 24/7 Wall St.
When not looking for the next stock investment opportunity, she can be found traveling, reading, chasing sunsets and enjoying her iced latte.
Palantir just delivered the most explosive quarter in its history, yet its stock sits nearly flat for the year. Something has to give, and the gap between where shares trade today and where the…
Palantir just posted a 51% single-month surge and the kind of revenue guidance that has analysts scrambling to revise their models, yet the stock still trades near Wall Street's consensus target. Here is whether…
Palantir just posted one of the most explosive growth quarters in software history, yet the stock sits nearly flat for the year. Here is what has to happen next for shares to reach $300.
Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction | PLTR Price Prediction) just reported one of the cleanest growth quarters from a software company at this scale. Q4 2025 revenue of $1.406 billion grew 70% year-over-year,…
Palantir keeps beating Wall Street's expectations while trading at a valuation that makes most analysts flinch, and the tension between those two realities is exactly what makes its next move so hard to predict.
Palantir's U.S. commercial revenue is exploding and its Rule of 40 score just hit 155, yet Wall Street analysts barely see any upside from here. Our model tells a very different story, and it…
Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) just dropped a quarter that should have ended the debate. The company posted 70% revenue growth in Q4 2025, with US commercial revenue exploding 137% year-over-year. CEO Alex…
Palantir just delivered one of the most explosive earnings reports in enterprise tech history, and September options positioning suggests traders are bracing for another major move. The question is whether the fundamentals justify what…
Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) is the rare AI software story where the fundamentals are arguably running ahead of the stock. Palantir  just guided 2026 revenue growth to 71% after Q1 came in…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
74,2026-09-10,"JPMorgan just slapped an Overweight rating on SK Hynix with a price target well above current levels, yet the stock is sinking anyway as surging Treasury yields and triple-digit oil prices gut the bull case in real time.
 Market Movers desk. Editor: David Moadel.
The professional research desk has always been the part of Wall Street that retail investors could not buy. AlphaSpace by Yahoo Finance opens one for $39.95 a month, and the first seven days cost nothing.1 (Sponsor)
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.
Shares of SK Hynix (NASDAQ:SKHY) are down 5% to $189.47 early Thursday, leading a memory-chip selloff even after JPMorgan initiated coverage with an Overweight rating and a $245 price target. The pullback interrupts a torrid stretch, with the American depositary shares still up 40% over the past month.
Also fading, Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU | MU Price Prediction) stock is sliding 3% to $999.24, while Western Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:WDC) stock is falling 3% to $465.50. Samsung Electronics traded lower in Seoul overnight, part of a broader Korean risk-off session.
The Roundhill Memory ETF (CBOE:DRAM) is off 3%, a clean read on the group since SK Hynix, Micron, and Samsung Electronics each account for a sizable portion of the fund’s net assets. Meanwhile, the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSEARCA:SPY) is down 0.57%, showing the pain is concentrated inside the memory complex.
Macro conditions have taken over. The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield is now up to 4.91%, and WTI crude oil has pushed above $100 per barrel on renewed Middle East fighting. Wholesale inflation data landed in line with expectations this morning, setting up consumer price data tomorrow and a Federal Reserve meeting next week where markets are leaning toward a rate hike.
In Seoul, foreign investors were net sellers, and Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix both closed lower. The Bank of Korea has noted that the two chipmakers together make up more than half of the KOSPI, so a risk-off session on the peninsula transmits directly into the U.S.-listed shares. Wednesday’s tone was the opposite, when the same group rallied after Goldman Sachs told clients the worst of the memory downturn may be over.
The memory demand picture remains intact. Micron’s fiscal Q3 2026 results, reported June 24, 2026, showed revenue of $41.46 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $25.11, with fiscal Q4 2026 guidance for revenue of $50 billion, plus or minus $1 billion. CEO Sanjay Mehrotra stated, “Micron’s record fiscal Q3 financial results and even stronger outlook for Q4 reflect the strategic value of memory in the AI era.”
Western Digital’s fiscal Q4 2026 report on August 5, 2026 delivered revenue of $3.75 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $3.56, with the pure-play HDD company guiding fiscal Q1 2027 revenue to $4.1 billion, plus or minus $100 million. That backdrop, alongside SK Hynix’s strong recent trend, frames today’s slide as a reversal inside a still-intact uptrend driven by the macro tape (we profiled seven non-chip suppliers riding the same AI data-center buildout in a free report you can grab here).
Consumer price data and next week’s Federal Reserve meeting are the immediate catalysts. Investors can watch for signs that long-end yields are cooling, since the 20-year and 30-year Treasury yields both closed at 5.3% on September 9. Position-sizing discipline may help investors manage their memory-stock exposure through the data prints.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
David Moadel is financial writer specializing in stocks, ETFs, options, precious metals, and Bitcoin. David has written well over 1,000 articles for leading online publications, helping investors understand markets, income strategies, and risk.His work has appeared in The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, U.S. News & World Report, TipRanks, ValueWalk, Benzinga, Market Realist, TalkMarkets, Finmasters, 24/7 Wall St., and others.With a master’s degree in education, David has taught at the elementary, high school, and college levels. That teaching background shapes his writing style: clear, educational, and practical. David has also built a loyal social-media audience by providing trustworthy financial content on YouTube, X/Twitter, and StockTwits.
A Korea-led overnight selloff is dragging the entire U.S. memory sector down hard on Friday, and even a glowing Elon Musk endorsement could not stop Micron from joining the retreat. Here is what is…
If you owned Direxion Daily MSCI South Korea Bull 3X Shares (NYSEARCA:KORU) into the close on Friday, June 5, 2026, you watched $10,000 turn into roughly $5,811 in a single session, and you watched…
Memory and storage stocks are selling off sharply in early trading Tuesday, reversing Monday’s rebound. Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU | MU Price Prediction) shares are down 7% to $917, SanDisk (NASDAQ:SNDK) stock is off 7%…
Three catalysts hit memory markets simultaneously Wednesday, sending sector stocks surging while valuations stay surprisingly restrained. Here is why analysts believe this move may be the beginning of a much larger re-rating.
A single brokerage note out of Seoul just triggered the biggest single-day drop in SK Hynix history, and the shockwaves are now tearing through U.S. memory stocks that were up as much as 700%…
The Roundhill Memory ETF (CBOE:DRAM) closed Friday, June 5, 2026 at $55.79, down 15% on the day from a prior close of $65.70. Over the two-day window from June 3 through June 5, the…
Memory stocks are cratering for the second straight session with no company-specific bombshell to blame, and Big Tech earnings due Wednesday could either end the pain fast or send the group into a deeper…
Shares of SanDisk (NASDAQ:SNDK | SNDK Price Prediction) are leading a sharp memory-chip selloff Tuesday morning session, with SanDisk stock down 11% to $2,027.50. The decline comes one day after the stock closed at…
Wall Street's most bullish Micron analyst just raised his price target again after a quarter that shattered expectations, but the stock has already tumbled sharply from its post-earnings spike, raising the question of whether…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
75,2026-09-10,"Jim Cramer wrote off Palantir as ice cold just 48 hours before Nvidia revealed which software company it trusts to run every component inside its most advanced AI rack, and the timing raises an uncomfortable question about who actually understands…
The professional research desk has always been the part of Wall Street that retail investors could not buy. AlphaSpace by Yahoo Finance opens one for $39.95 a month, and the first seven days cost nothing.1 (Sponsor)
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.
On Wednesday morning, NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) shared a secret: it has handed the software running its 1.3 million-part supply chain inside every Vera Rubin rack to Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR). The endorsement lands in an awkward spot for the market. Just two days earlier, on his September 8 broadcast, Jim Cramer described Palantir as “ice cold for the first half of this year” before its recent rebound. The stock is down 6.2% YTD even as NVIDIA has climbed 17.52%.
Palantir shares traded at $167.15 midday Thursday, down 1.41% on the session despite the news, per Barron’s coverage of the expanded AI partnership.
The expanded partnership fuses Palantir Foundry and AIP with NVIDIA Nemotron open models grounded in Palantir Ontology. NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang described the stakes, calling supply chains “the operating system of the physical economy.” Palantir CEO Alex Karp said the sovereign stack is “delivering capabilities that exceed the frontier while providing alpha protection qualities unavailable otherwise.”
The reference architecture, called SAIOS, runs on hardware from Dell Technologies (NYSE:DELL) and Cisco for on-premises deployment; Rackspace and Nebius enable co-lo and cloud options, creating a second-order beneficiary list (we profiled seven of these non-chipmaker AI infrastructure suppliers, from power to networking, in a free report you can grab here).
The NVIDIA relationship was foreshadowed on Palantir’s August 3 earnings call. Karp told analysts: “We built a partnership with NVIDIA. We’re expanding our application layer. We are going to enter the market and already entering it in the classified space, as Shyam alluded to, of fine-tuning models so that the models actually fine-tuned by us in our enterprise on an NVIDIA stack outperform frontier models.”
He added the punchline sovereign AI buyers care about: “And you own the weights. You own the alpha. You own everything.”
Cramer’s cold characterization sits alongside numbers most software companies would envy. Palantir’s Q2 FY2026 revenue reached a record $1.94 billion, up 92.83% year over year, with adjusted EPS of $0.41 versus a $0.28 consensus. U.S. commercial revenue jumped 149% to $764 million, and the Rule of 40 score hit 155%. Management raised full-year revenue guidance to $8.150 to $8.158 billion.
The friction is valuation. Palantir carries a P/E of 240 and a market cap near $383.9 billion, on $265 million of quarterly stock-based compensation.
NVIDIA’s decision to run its own bill of materials on Foundry is the strongest possible reference customer validation for AIP as operational infrastructure. What it doesn’t do is compress Palantir’s multiple. Investors researching PLTR should treat the announcement as real proof that the platform works at extreme scale, while pricing separately the risk that a 240x earnings multiple already assumes every NVIDIA-caliber logo signs.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Gerelyn Terzo is the author of dividend investing handbook ""Dividend Investing Strategies: How to Have Your Cake & Eat It Too."" A veteran financial journalist, she covers agri-finance for outlets like Global AgInvesting and the broader stock market and personal finance for 24/7 Wall Street. She began at CNBC and later helped launch Fox Business in New York. Gerelyn currently resides in Woodland Park, Colorado and dabbles in nature photography as a hobby.
Nvidia just turned its own Vera Rubin production line into the proving ground for a joint AI stack with Palantir, and the stakes run straight through a supply chain Nvidia's CEO calls constrained through…
Both NVIDIA and Palantir crushed earnings, raised guidance, and rode the same AI wave to triple-digit growth. But when two stocks tell the same story from opposite ends of the stack, only one valuation…
Palantir CEO Alex Karp recently appeared on CNBC to sharpen his critique of frontier AI labs, arguing that enterprises deploying models from OpenAI and Anthropic are “livid” about how much proprietary value flows to…
Palantir Technologies (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) stock is up 9% to $127.31 in midday trading on Wednesday, leading a broad AI-software rally after the company unveiled a sovereign-AI partnership with NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA). Palo…
Palantir Technologies (NASDAQ:PLTR | PLTR Price Prediction) co-founder and CEO Alex Karp argued this week that generative AI sales to enterprises are structurally broken. In his words, “something has gone completely wrong” in the…
Alex Karp called out OpenAI and Anthropic by name on live television, sent Palantir stock surging 8%, and argued that enterprises are done paying for tokens. The question is whether his numbers back up…
Palantir posted record software growth while Intel staged its biggest revenue comeback in fifteen years, and choosing between them for the second half of 2026 comes down to a single uncomfortable question about valuation…
The AI gold rush continues in mid-2026, with companies racing to turn flashy models into actual money-making systems. While the market obsesses over token prices and frontier lab drama, a quieter shift is underway. …
Palantir is winning the AI sovereignty race but has a glaring gap in its stack, and a little-known European cloud player just stepped in to fill it at a scale that could reshape how…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
76,2026-09-10,"
					By Andreas Wiseman 
Executive Editor, Film & International

EXCLUSIVE: Two-time Oscar winner Anthony Hopkins is set to star in 2048, a post-apocalyptic sci-fi film from director Timothy Woodward Jr. 

	Hopkins and Woodward Jr recently teamed up on sci-fi-horror film Eyes In The Trees, which is in post-production.

	Set in a future “where a dying planet has forced the last remnants of humanity underground, 2048 unfolds inside a vast subterranean society controlled by the Collective, an authoritarian regime that governs nearly every aspect of life and has erased all memory of the world above. The story follows Wesley, an ordinary worker whose life is upended when he becomes entangled with a hidden resistance questioning everything the Collective has taught them. As Wesley begins searching for the truth, he draws the attention of Bryant, played by Hopkins, the brilliant and ruthless architect of the Collective, who maintains his grip over society through surveillance, manipulation and psychological terror.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Blue Fox Launches Sales On YA Rom-Com 'Buster Brooks' With Matt Cornett & Melissa Collazo -- TIFF Market		
			















	News
	



	
		
					'Bare': First Look At 'Bridgerton' Star Florence Hunt In Coming-Of-Age Drama		
			







	Hopkins said of the project: “Having recently been directed by Tim Woodward Jr, I thought it would be interesting to find another script to film. There were a number of suggestions and ideas briefly talked about, and then, suddenly, the screenplay 2048 emerged from those conversations. The story is complex and fascinating: it taps into the mysterious contradictions that are hidden within human nature, our capacity for both extraordinary creative achievement and compassion, and the terrible mystery of cruelty. Bryant is an equally complex character, intelligent, restrained and frightening in the absolute conviction with which he views the world. I am so looking forward to working with Timothy again and to bring this story to life.”




			Watch on Deadline		






	The film will be produced by Natalie Burn through Born To Burn Films (Foster) and Volodymyr Artemenko through Eastern Film Investment, whose portfolio includes the action thriller Shelter, directed by Ric Roman Waugh and starring Jason Statham, as well as Guy Ritchie’s Wife and Dog, starring Hopkins, Benedict Cumberbatch, Rosamund Pike and James Norton. The screenplay was written by Sean Ryan.

	










	Additional casting is underway, with production planned for Los Angeles.

	Top Film Distribution Corporation is handling worldwide sales at this week’s TIFF market. The company, which invested in David Ayer’s A Working Man, starring Statham, is also currently handling sales on the 1980s-set neo-noir action film Foster, starring James Franco, Ron Perlman and Burn, which was also directed by Woodward, and Ice Fall, starring Joel Kinnaman.

	“Working with Anthony again is a dream come true,” added Woodward. “He is truly one of the greatest actors of our time. He brings such depth, intelligence and quiet intensity to every role, which makes him perfect for Bryant. At its core, 2048 is a story about freedom, control and one man’s fight to discover the truth.”

	“2048 is one of the most ambitious films I have ever had the opportunity to work on,” commented Burn. “An epic sci-fi story set in a post-apocalyptic world is a real treat for audiences, but the film also has a depth and a message that I believe is extremely important for modern society to hear.”

	Hopkins is repped by UTA, Independent Talent Group and Goodman, Genow. Woodward is repped by Zero Gravity Management.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong.
Comment 
Name 
Email 
Website 
 



Δ
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of PMX Global, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All rights reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
77,2026-09-10,"
					By Andreas Wiseman 
Executive Editor, Film & International

EXCLUSIVE: Myriad Pictures will launch world pre-sales at TIFF on Stealing From Pablo, a thriller inspired by true events and directed by Carlos V. Gutierrez (Stay Safe) and produced by FJ Productions. 

	The film is due to star Noah Schnapp (Stranger Things), David Mazouz (Gotham), and Seu Jorge (City of God).

	Based on real events from the 1980s, pic follows “Red, a teenager trapped in the foster care system who organizes an underground skate session inside an abandoned Florida mansion with his best friend Dylan. What begins as an adrenaline-fueled adventure turns into a nightmare when the boys discover the estate belongs to notorious drug kingpin Pablo Escobar. As they are drawn deeper into Escobar’s violent criminal empire, they find themselves caught between his calculating accountant and his ruthless chief assassin.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	Festivals
	



	
		
					The Obsession For The Next 'Obsession' At TIFF: Festival Hot List Includes Pics For Sale With Cynthia Erivo, Chase Infiniti, The Maras, Dave Bautista & More		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Odeya Rush, Annarah Cymone & Neela Jolene Join Justin Long & Iris Apatow In Killer Bee Movie 'Stung', Filming Wraps		
			







	Fresh off wrapping the hit series Stranger Things, Schnapp will first take to the London stage in September, starring in Andy Sandberg’s dark comedy Affluenza, before reteaming on screen with Seu Jorge for Stealing For Pablo. The two previously starred in Abe, the 2019 coming-of-age film.




			Watch on Deadline		






	The film is being produced by Fabio Golombek (Experimenter) and Shannon Alexander for FJ Productions. Executive producers include Noah Schnapp, Seu Jorge, Alex Cohen (Synkronized), and Marco Gomez.

	Carlos V. Gutierrez said: “We needed actors who genuinely connected with the genre and felt at home in the world we are building. We really lucked out with this cast. Noah and David are incredible actors. Not only are they at the top of their game, but their parallel journeys growing up in front of the camera give them an unspoken connection that brings an authenticity to the best friend dynamic. Factoring in that they both love to skateboard made them a natural fit. Then when you add in an international superstar like Seu Jorge, we’re really hitting the ground running with this.”

	Kirk D’Amico shared: “Stealing From Pablo delivers the kind of tense, high-concept storytelling that immediately grabs an audience. Inspired by an extraordinary true story, the film combines the suspense of a crime thriller with compelling young protagonists thrust into unimaginable circumstances. Carlos has assembled a tremendous cast led by Noah Schnapp, David Mazouz, and Seu Jorge, creating a film with both strong commercial appeal and international resonance. We are excited to introduce this project to buyers at TIFF: The Market.”

	










	Carlos V. Gutierrez is an Emmy-nominated filmmaker whose career spans prestige networks like HBO, Showtime, and Peacock. He transitioned into features with his theatrical debut, Locked In, starring Mena Suvari and Jeff Fahey, and followed that crime thriller with Stay Safe, starring Kate Miner, under his company No Parachute Films.

	Seu Jorge is represented by Pierre Chene at Black Service. Mazouz is represented by Paradigm, Untitled Entertainment and Jackoway, Austen, Tyerman. Schnapp is represented by Creative Artists Agency and Untitled Entertainment.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong.
Comment 
Name 
Email 
Website 
 



Δ
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of PMX Global, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All rights reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
78,2026-09-10,"Jim Cramer raised a question on air that every Amazon investor should be asking right now: if the US debt market is big enough, why did the company just fly to London to raise billions?
The professional research desk has always been the part of Wall Street that retail investors could not buy. AlphaSpace by Yahoo Finance opens one for $39.95 a month, and the first seven days cost nothing.1 (Sponsor)
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.
Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN | AMZN Price Prediction) just went to London to borrow money, and Jim Cramer used his Mad Dash segment to point out that this isn’t the usual playbook for the world’s largest cloud vendor.
Cramer described the deal on air. Jim Cramer said it was a GBP 4.25 billion sale, with Jim Cramer noting order interest of almost GBP 12 billion. He then floated a hypothesis and hedged it in the same breath: “I would have thought they could have raised the same amount in the US. But maybe we’ve saturated.”
That question is worth taking seriously if you own Amazon, because how the company pays for its AI buildout is starting to matter as much as the buildout itself. Someone has to power, cool, and network all that spending, and we pulled together seven of the suppliers doing exactly that in a free AI infrastructure report.
Amazon’s capital spending has reached a level where every source of funding counts. Second-quarter cash capital expenditures came in at $53.1 billion, and CFO Brian Olsavsky said the money “primarily relates to AWS and generative AI as we invest to support strong customer demand.”
Long-term debt has grown to match. It rose from $65.6 billion to $119.1 billion year over year, while total liabilities expanded 56% to $544.07 billion. Trailing free cash flow turned negative at -$7.6 billion.
The dollar backdrop has also stiffened. The 10-year Treasury yield closed at 4.8% on September 8, the highest reading in the supplied series, up from 4.04% a year earlier.
On the July 30 call, Olsavsky said, “You’ve seen us issue debt this year. We have a lot of options available to us as we continue to fund this growth that we’re seeing in AWS.” The London deal is one of those options being used in size.
A gilt is a bond issued by the UK government, and it plays the same benchmark role in London that a Treasury does in New York. When a corporate issuer prices in sterling, its yield is quoted as a spread over the equivalent-maturity gilt, and that spread reflects credit risk.
Jim Cramer said the Amazon bonds were expected to trade around 55 basis points over gilts, calling that “not bad.” A basis point is one hundredth of a percentage point, so 55 basis points is roughly half a percent of extra yield above the government curve.
That is a tight spread for a corporate deal of this size, and the order book Cramer described supports the view that pricing was well set. Almost three times coverage on a GBP 4.25 billion offering is a lot of demand chasing a fixed pool of paper.
What the spread does not prove, by itself, is that Amazon could not have raised the same money in dollars. Cramer said as much when he floated the saturation idea and then qualified it. Strong sterling demand is evidence about the sterling market and should be treated as such.
Cramer noted Amazon is following Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) into the sterling market, and that two mega-cap borrowers going abroad in sequence makes the pattern worth watching. Alphabet’s capex reached $44.92 billion in the second quarter, up 100% year over year.
Alphabet funded that spend with a mix that included $49.6 billion in net equity, a $40 billion at-the-market program, and $20.3 billion in senior unsecured notes, and its long-term debt jumped from $46.5 billion to $98.2 billion. Google Cloud backlog sat above $460 billion, giving the debt something to chase.
Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) is taking a different route. Full-year fiscal 2026 capex hit $115.95 billion, with guidance shifting to approximately $175 billion after a move from finance to operating leases.
CFO Amy Hood emphasized flexibility, saying, “The investment into land and data center builds is actually quite flexible.” Each company is paying for capacity years ahead of revenue with a different financing mix.
Amazon trades at $252.40 as of September 9, down 9.24% over the past month and up 9.35% year to date. Market cap sits near $2.72 trillion on a P/E of about 35x.
The bull case rests on AWS growth of 36.7% year over year and a $496 billion backlog. CEO Andy Jassy said the servers “have a useful life of at least five to six years, and most of our AI capacity these days is being contracted for at least five-year terms.”
The bear case is that debt-funded capex compounds interest expense while free cash flow is already negative, and every basis point on the marginal bond becomes a real drag on equity returns.
On balance, the AWS contract book and the reception in London argue that the buildout is being financed on acceptable terms today. The question for investors is whether they are willing to sit through the free-cash-flow trough until the data centers come online and start earning back their capital.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Omor Ibne Ehsan is a writer at 24/7 Wall St. He is a self-taught investor with a focus on growth and cyclical stocks that have strong fundamentals, value, and long-term potential. He also has an interest in high-risk, high-reward investments such as cryptocurrencies and penny stocks.
Amazon and Alphabet both broke cloud growth records in Q2 while burning through historic levels of capital, but their funding strategies and margin runways point in starkly different directions for investors deciding which AI…
Oracle and Amazon just posted record cloud backlogs while their free cash flow turned negative, and a single Fed decision this month could determine whether their trillion-dollar AI buildouts become strokes of genius or…
One hyperscaler may already be signaling a capex plateau, and if Jim Cramer's read is right, the selloff cascading through Oracle, Amazon, Alphabet, Meta, and Microsoft has barely started.
AWS and Google Cloud are both burning through tens of billions in capex every quarter, but only one is converting that spending into free cash flow at hyperscale margins right now. Which model actually…
A structural shift is happening in fixed income. Tech giants like Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL | GOOGL Price Prediction) and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) are issuing investment-grade debt at such scale that bond investors now treat them as…
On CNBC last week, Kate Rooney walked viewers through a number that should reframe how tech investors think about their portfolios. “The biggest tech companies are now expected to spend about $750 billion on…
Jim Cramer just argued that growing political fury over data center construction could hand the biggest cloud giants an unexpected competitive advantage, but he paired that call with a stark warning about the AI…
Wall Street keeps punishing Amazon over a $200 billion capex number, but there is a figure buried in the company's own filings that makes that fear look completely backwards.
Jim Cramer says buy the Magnificent Seven before the AI payoff hits, but one market strategist argues the group has already fractured into winners and losers, and the 2026 scoreboard is starting to prove…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
79,2026-09-10,"AeroVironment just landed a milestone international order for a laser weapon that costs under $10 per shot to fire, and the stock is moving while the rest of the drone sector sits out the rally entirely.
 Market Movers desk. Editor: David Moadel.
The professional research desk has always been the part of Wall Street that retail investors could not buy. AlphaSpace by Yahoo Finance opens one for $39.95 a month, and the first seven days cost nothing.1 (Sponsor)
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.
AeroVironment (NASDAQ:AVAV | AVAV Price Prediction) stock is up 5% to $147.90 in early Thursday trading after the company reported fiscal Q1 2027 results and announced its first international commercial order for the LOCUST laser weapon system. It’s a company-specific move against a softer backdrop for the rest of the defense-drone complex.
Unusual Machines (NYSEAMERICAN:UMAC) stock is holding steady, up 0.1% to $24.34. Meanwhile, Ondas (NASDAQ:ONDS) stock is slipping, down 1% to $7.21, as the drone group doesn’t catch a broader bid on AeroVironment’s news.
The thematic Defiance Drone and Modern Warfare ETF (NYSEARCA:JEDI) is down 1%, so the sector barometer confirms the drift. The SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSEARCA:SPY) is off 0.46%, which frames AeroVironment’s rally as a company-specific repricing rather than a broad risk-on move.
AeroVironment announced a $50 million first international commercial order for the LOCUST directed-energy counter-UAS laser weapon system, covering an initial delivery of systems and associated support. That deal comes on the heels of AeroVironment’s selection for the U.S. Army’s $464.8 million Enduring High Energy Laser (E-HEL) production contract, which the company describes as the first production award for high-energy laser weapon systems in U.S. history.
The Autonomous Systems segment drove the beat with revenue of $346 million, up 21% year over year (YoY), powered by P550, Jump 20X, and Puma. Q1 bookings of $700 million produced a 1.4x book-to-bill ratio, giving AeroVironment visibility into a second half that management expects to carry the majority of full-year adjusted EBITDA.
AeroVironment reported fiscal Q1 2027 adjusted EPS of $0.59, beating the $0.2479 consensus, on revenue of $480.49 million that grew 5.7% YoY. Funded backlog reached a record $1.5 billion, and management reaffirmed fiscal 2027 revenue guidance of $2.125 billion to $2.225 billion, according to AeroVironment.
AeroVironment CEO Wahid Nawabi stated, “LOCUST gives our customers an affordable, scalable way to defeat drone threats at scale without relying solely on expensive interceptors.” AeroVironment says LOCUST engagements cost less than $10 per shot, a cost profile that differentiates directed energy from interceptor-based counter-UAS systems and removes the reload limits inherent to kinetic defense.
Drone-sector peers Red Cat (NASDAQ:RCAT) and Kratos Defense & Security Solutions (NASDAQ:KTOS) sit in the same Department of War Drone Dominance and counter-UAS themes, yet AeroVironment carries a funded, contracted directed-energy franchise that sets it apart from listed rivals today. That’s why one international order reprices AeroVironment while Ondas and Red Cat trade heavy.
Kratos Defense & Security Solutions delivered its own strong quarter in early August, with Q2 2026 revenue of $458.8 million up 30.5% YoY, and raised full-year guidance to $1.75 billion to $1.81 billion. Red Cat reaffirmed its fiscal 2026 revenue target of $150 million to $180 million despite missing consensus on the top line. The theme is intact across the group, yet AeroVironment’s directed-energy production award gives it a category no listed peer currently owns.
The year-to-date picture provides the counterweight. AeroVironment stock is down 39% year to date (YTD), so today’s rally, while meaningful, leaves the broader drawdown largely intact. Kratos Defense & Security Solutions has faced similar pressure this year, and Unusual Machines has climbed sharply on the same policy tailwinds around NDAA-compliant domestic supply chains.
The macro backdrop remains supportive. The FY 2027 Department of War budget request allocates $53.6 billion to autonomous systems and an additional $20.6 billion across counter-drone and one-way attack programs, feeding directly into the pipelines at AeroVironment, Ondas, Red Cat, and Kratos Defense & Security Solutions. That funding envelope explains the sector’s structural bid even on lower-momentum days.
The pivotal question is timing: how quickly AeroVironment’s funded backlog converts to revenue as Congress works through the fiscal 2027 defense budget. Investors can watch for signs that LOCUST production ramps at the Albuquerque facility and that additional international orders follow the initial commercial sale.
Given the size of today’s move against the YTD drawdown, investors may want to size their exposure to the directed-energy theme carefully rather than chase the initial pop. AeroVironment’s conference call commentary and any follow-on LOCUST announcements over the coming quarters could shape the next leg of the story. Management framed LOCUST as a potential half-a-billion-dollar-plus annual franchise over time, which sets a clear yardstick for how the setup evolves.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
David Moadel is financial writer specializing in stocks, ETFs, options, precious metals, and Bitcoin. David has written well over 1,000 articles for leading online publications, helping investors understand markets, income strategies, and risk.His work has appeared in The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, U.S. News & World Report, TipRanks, ValueWalk, Benzinga, Market Realist, TalkMarkets, Finmasters, 24/7 Wall St., and others.With a master’s degree in education, David has taught at the elementary, high school, and college levels. That teaching background shapes his writing style: clear, educational, and practical. David has also built a loyal social-media audience by providing trustworthy financial content on YouTube, X/Twitter, and StockTwits.
The U.S. Army just crossed a threshold it has never crossed before, and one battered defense stock is suddenly the center of a sector-wide scramble to figure out what comes next.
Tank warfare defined World War II. German blitzkrieg tactics showed how armored columns could slice through lines when supported by air power and infantry. Today, drones play that same disruptive role in Ukraine and…
Drones that cost $10,000 to $100,000. Missiles that cost millions to shoot them down. Lasers that cost $10 per shot. Memorize those numbers. The conflicts over the next decade and beyond are going to…
Defense stocks are generally surging Monday morning as investors react to U.S. military strikes on Iran that began over the weekend. A couple names with large gains are: nLIGHT (Nasdaq: LASR) Ondas Holdings (Nasdaq:…
Jim Cramer publicly warned investors away from AeroVironment just one week before the drone and laser maker dropped a report that forced everyone to rethink the competition story he called too dangerous to touch.
The Pentagon just earmarked tens of billions for drone dominance, yet the purest military UAV plays have cratered in July, creating the kind of entry window that tends to close fast once appropriations lock…
Buried inside President Trump’s Fiscal Year 2027 defense budget request sits a line item that dwarfs almost every other increase in the document. The Defense Autonomous Warfare Group (DAWG), a Pentagon office that stood…
Drone stocks are splitting into winners and losers fast, and the gap between them comes down to one thing that separates speculative bets from names with real staying power.
Red Cat Holdings just erased its post-earnings selloff in a matter of days despite missing on both revenue and profit, and the reason behind that reversal reaches far beyond one company's quarterly numbers.

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
80,2026-09-10,"IonQ's CEO used investor day to warn that encryption breaks in 2028 and quantum computing is about to slipstream into every corporate research program. The stock fell anyway, and the gap between that pitch and the financial reality underneath it…
The professional research desk has always been the part of Wall Street that retail investors could not buy. AlphaSpace by Yahoo Finance opens one for $39.95 a month, and the first seven days cost nothing.1 (Sponsor)
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.
IonQ’s (NYSE:IONQ | IONQ Price Prediction) chief executive Niccolo de Masi spent his company’s investor day making claims that were, by any measure, enormous. Quantum machines that get more powerful without getting proportionally more expensive. Quantum computing is slipping into every corporate research program alongside GPUs. It also warned that today’s encryption will fall in 2028.
The market response was less enthusiastic than the pitch. Shares of IonQ fell 5.78% in the session to $38.13, and the stock is now down 15.02% year to date, even as the Barron’s coverage of the day highlighted a new quantum system and a $1.8 billion deal. That divergence is striking, and it is the right place to begin.
The most consequential thing de Masi said, if true, is this: “Our systems, as they become more powerful, don’t actually become a lot more expensive. And so we’re focused on driving the broadest mass market quantum computing ecosystem that we can.” A quantum vendor with a flat cost curve would be a durable business, while a vendor without one remains a research effort searching for commercial validation.
The disclosed evidence is thinner than the claim. IonQ reported Q2 revenue of $80.05 million, up 286.8% year over year, but GAAP operating expenses ran to $417.3 million, adjusted EBITDA was negative $120.3 million, and stock-based compensation alone was $141.8 million in the quarter. The company argues the SkyWater deal creates “the only vertically integrated full-stack quantum platform company” and will drive down cost per logical qubit.
That remains a promise about future unit economics, not a demonstrated result. Management even declined to provide combined-company guidance, citing integration and purchase-price accounting work still underway.
De Masi’s narrative claim was that “By the end of this administration, this increasingly becomes part of the narrative for every company, every applied science research activity in combination with what’s going on in the GPU, AI space. Quantum is going to slipstream in and give people superpowers.” No revenue attaches to that sentence. It is a prediction about attention, and attention is what a chief executive at a cash-burning quantum vendor most needs.
The Q-Day warning is more specific and more freighted. On the call, de Masi said, “A year ago, people thought that Q-Day was something happening in the 2030s. They now understand it’s something happening in the 2020s.” The company grounds this in its own research showing the qubits required to break RSA have fallen by four orders of magnitude over the prior 15 years. That figure comes from a paper the company presented on a day it wanted attention. Readers should weigh it accordingly.
Then there was the AI aside. De Masi described “the OpenAI and Anthropic lab leaks. GPU based AI machines kind of finding their way out of the lab into the real world, allegedly to solve some problem. And then you find that they’ve gone and hacked somebody on their own volition.” That is his characterization and is not independently established here.
It does, however, serve his cybersecurity pitch, which is where IonQ has an actual product: ClavisXG Multiplex, a quantum key distribution system running over existing fiber.
Here the company is on firmer ground. IonQ closed its $1.8 billion acquisition of SkyWater, raised full-year 2026 revenue guidance to $280 million to $290 million, and grew remaining performance obligations 297% year over year. Cash sat at $1.24 billion at quarter end.
The 256-qubit system is scheduled to begin commissioning in the first half of 2027. Roughly 50% of Q2 revenue was international and 60% commercial, which is a healthier mix than a pure government-lab story. Those are checkable commitments; investors will get to grade them.
Set against peers, the picture is mixed. Rigetti Computing (NASDAQ:RGTI) reported Q2 revenue of just $5.14 million and is down 31.2% year to date. D-Wave Quantum (NYSE:QBTS) posted $3.08 million in revenue and is down 34.53% year to date. The whole quantum cohort has cooled.
Meanwhile, NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) put up $96.22 billion in Q2 revenue, up 105.8% year over year, with data center alone at $89.02 billion. The scale gap is not close. You can read IonQ’s own Q2 8-K exhibit for the raw filing.
The case for IonQ rests on believing three things simultaneously: that the cost curve claim survives contact with real manufacturing, that Q-Day arrives close to the timeline de Masi is publicly staking out, and that the company converts remaining performance obligations into recognized revenue faster than its $120.3 million quarterly EBITDA loss compounds.
The market is currently discounting all three. Analysts still carry an average target of $67.68 against a current $38.13, and the stock trades at a price-to-sales of roughly 65. That pricing assumes the narrative works.
Against Rigetti and D-Wave, IonQ has better revenue scale, more cash, and a clearer commercial story. Against owning the GPU compute buildout through NVIDIA, which is up 20.07% year-to-date on demonstrated cash flows, IonQ is a speculation on a technology that has not yet met its own cost claims (if you own names like this, fencing them off with real position sizing matters, which is the whole point of our free speculation playbook).
I wouldn’t buy IONQ today at this price.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Omor Ibne Ehsan is a writer at 24/7 Wall St. He is a self-taught investor with a focus on growth and cyclical stocks that have strong fundamentals, value, and long-term potential. He also has an interest in high-risk, high-reward investments such as cryptocurrencies and penny stocks.
Three quantum computing stocks have lost nearly half their value in 2026, yet revenue is surging and governments keep signing contracts. The setup for a violent reversal may already be in place.
Rigetti Computing (NASDAQ:RGTI) is back in every quantum chat room after running 53.6% in a month on hopes that its 108-qubit system finally turns research into revenue. But here’s what you should actually be…
Quantum computing stocks were among the hottest investments in 2024, with several pure plays delivering gains opf 1,000% or more as investor excitement peaked around breakthroughs in qubit stability and early commercial contracts. In…
Quantum computing stocks are speculative, pre-profit bets, well outside core-portfolio territory, on a technology that even NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) CEO Jensen Huang once suggested is likely at least 15 years away…
Pure-play quantum stocks are burning investor cash at wildly different rates, and the company with the biggest balance sheet is not necessarily the safest bet. Four names, one scoreboard, and a brutal gap in…
All three major quantum computing pure-plays just snapped back 20% in a single week after a brutal summer selloff, and one looming industry milestone could make August the most important entry point in years.
Wall Street just turned aggressively bullish on three quantum computing pure-plays, but the stock with the widest analyst upside is also burning tens of millions in cash every quarter while reporting almost no revenue.
Quantum computing stocks are staging another broad rally on Wednesday morning, with all three major pure-play names climbing for the second consecutive session. IonQ (NYSE:IONQ | IONQ Price Prediction) shares are rallying 10%, D-Wave…
Quantum computing stocks are flashing the kind of setup aggressive investors live for, but monster revenue growth and White House tailwinds are colliding with widening losses and extreme valuations. Three pure-plays are at the…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
81,2026-09-10,"Alongside the ongoing pre-order deals on the new M6 Mac mini, today we are highlighting pre-orders on the new AirPods 5 (just keep in mind you can still land AirPods Pro 3 for just $50 more). The new Apple Watch Series 12 and Ultra 4 are also now up for grabs (here’s some deals on how to land them at up to $325 off) and, if you’re quick, the most affordable M5 MacBook Air live at $1,099 via Apple refurb ($200 off new list). Head below for more. 
Apple has now unleashed its new AirPods 5 with pre-orders now live on the base set at $129 and the higher-end Wireless Charging Case model at $149. Thing is, you can score the flagship AirPods Pro 3 for just $50 more than that right now with the ongoing Amazon deal.  
Here’s how pricing works out across the lineup now:
Apple has indeed injected active noise cancelation features in both of the new base model AirPods 5 releases. You will, however, need to bump up to the more pricey set to score the wireless charging case and the on-stem volume controls found on the AirPods Pro 3. 
You will also won’t find the proper sealed fit with Apple’s best sound isolation experience on the new AirPods 5 – that’s what the AirPods Pro lineup is for. 
And while it is particularly impressive to see Apple launch a set of new AirPods at just $129 with noise cancellation features – last year’s base set didn’t have it, you’re going to really want to save $50 to side step the flagship Pro 3 for the new AirPods 5 right now. 
The AirPods Pro 3 feature longer battery life, up to 3x more active noise cancellation than AirPods 5, heart rate sensing, and more. 
Pre-orders for the new AirPods 5 are now live from $129, and Amazon is already starting to undercut everyone on the Series 12. While we aren’t talking about massive deals here, Amazon is now offering select Series 12 models for less than everyone else. 
As you can see with this 42mm Series 12 GPS + Cell configuration, Amazon has it listed down at $489.99 shipped. 
Yes that, is only $9 off, but if you are going to be pre-ordering this week ahead of the September 18 delivery date, you might as well keep some coffee money in your pocket. 
And even if this isn’t the configuration you’re after, it would not be uncommon for Amazon to start dropping the MSRP a touch on several other models over the course of the day and into tomorrow (the rest of the week). 
Again, this is not a huge deal – we get it, but every penny counts around here and we just wanted to make sure folks were in the know. 
Just after today’s iPhone 18 Pro, AirPods 5, and Apple Watch Series 12 reveals, the official Apple refurb store has now once again re-stocked the most affordable 13-inch M5 MacBook Pro down at $1,099 shipped in Midnight, Starlight, and Sky Blue. 
This particularly configuration – the most affordable model you can buy – has been a hot commodity at a price like this over the last couple months and is not likely to remain in stock for very long:
The official Apple Certified Refurbished Store now has the base 13-inch M5 MacBook Air with 16GB of RAM and 512GB of internal storage sitting down at $1,099 shipped. As mentioned above, it is, at the time of writing, available on the Midnight, Starlight, and Sky Blue colorways. 
Regularly $1,299 these days, and either very close to that or sold out at Amazon, you can now land this model at $200 off straight from Apple. 
And because it is coming straight from Apple, we are talking about the best refurbishment process there is with a proper warranty too:
We are moving closer to delivery day on the all-new M6 Mac mini and M5 Pro model. If you’re still considering a pre-order, scoop up the new $9 Apple Polishing Cloth before it sells out and check out the discounts Amazon is offering on Apple’s new Mac mini pre-orders. 
We have already highlighted these deals in various posts as they went live, but we wanted to make sure they were all in one place and on the radar for folks still considering a pre-order ahead of this month’s delivery date:
While the AirPods Pro 3 remain the flagship model in the lineup (currently $50 off), Apple debuted the all-new AirPods 5 at its “Surprise and shine” event and pre-orders are now live on the base model and the higher-end Wireless Charging Case variant.
The new AirPods 5 come in two models again this year, except both models include active noise cancellation this time. The main differences here are largely price and a few key hardware features, like the on-stem volume slider and the wireless charging case on the slightly more pricey variant. 
Some of the highlights include 50% more noise reduction by comparison to the previous-generation AirPods 4 with ANC. You’ll also find a next-gen Adaptive EQ, enhanced Spatial Audio, and up to 20 hours of battery with the case. 
The higher-end model also lands with on-stem plume controls like AirPods Pro as well the longer battery life and the wireless charging case, as the name suggests. 
Updating…
Alongside the all-new AirPods 5,  the all-new Apple Watch Series 12 and Apple Watch Ultra 4 are now available for pre-order ahead of the September 18 delivery date. 
The new aluminum Series 12 lineup comes in Space Gray, Black, Light Gold, and Bronze from $399, while the higher-end Titanium variants land in Radiant Gold and Natural from $699. 
The new Ultra 4, alongside a new lineup of brand colors with those sweet Translucent Ocean Bands, has arrived in the same Black and Natural treatments starting at the same $799. 
Both models feature an upgraded heart rate monitor that delivers data every five seconds alongside HRV measurements every five minutes – Apple says it is the most accurate heart rate sensor in a wearable ever. 
But everything else you need to know about the new Apple wearables awaits over at 9to5Mac where we have boots on the ground and hands-on all of the new devices at Apple Park: 
Apple’s AirPods Pro 3 are still down at holiday deal pricing and now Amazon has all five colors of the latest AirPods Max 2 back in stock at $100 off as well. Both of which not expected to get updated at today’s Apple reveal event, we are getting an extended chance at savings here on what will remain flagship gear until next year by the looks of it. 
After seeing select colors bouncing in and out of stock, Amazon is once again offering all AirPods Max 2 models down at $449 shipped. 
Regularly $549, this is $100 off and the best deal we can find in brand new condition. 
Today’s offer lands on par with the official Labor Day discount we featured and matches the lowest we have tracked outside of Prime Day and a short August offer thereafter. 
Apple and Mr. Ternus are set to take the virtual stage today for the big September reveal event – stay locked to 9to5Mac. We should be getting the new iPhone 18 Pro models, Apple’s new foldable, the next-generation Apple Watch releases, and AirPods 5, but it still does not appear as though AirPods Pro 3 will see a next-gen reveal today (the AirPods Max 2 released earlier this year). 
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Justin is a senior editor covering all things music for 9to5Mac, including our weekly Logic Pros series exploring music production on Mac and iOS devices. Justin is an audio engineer/producer with over 10 years experience in the music industry. "
82,2026-09-10,"
Final Fantasy VII RevelationPhysical GamesPS5Square Enix 
The Final Fantasy VII Remake games are massive. As a result, both the first one and 2023’s Rebirth shipped on two discs. A data disc was required to install the game, while a second disc had to be inserted in order to play. With Revelation, Square Enix has decided to buck that trend, and not everyone’s okay with it.
No second disc effectively means that FFVII Revelation on PS5 and Xbox Series X/S will be the equivalent of the game key card that it is on Switch 2. It’ll be a glorified DRM key that still relies on Sony or Microsoft’s network servers to download the full game in the future should it ever be deleted from players’ hard drives. It’s become an especially contentious issue amid the ongoing backlash against Sony’s decision to end new PlayStation discs in 2028.
âWeâre still having internal discussions on what the exact SKU product lineup is going to be forÂ Revelation,â said director Naoki Hamaguchi back in July. “So I canât say anything particularly definitive at this point in time. But I am working to make the arrangements to allow us to have some kind of physical edition.â The comment left some fans hopeful that the FFVII Remake trilogy finale was getting the full disc treatment, and they were equally confused when recently announced pre-orders revealed the download requirement.
“Before we arrived at that decision, there were a lot of internal discussions and back and forth amongst myself and other internal staff members in terms of how we should treat or handle the physical editions,” Hamaguchi told IGN in a newer interview defending the move. “And this whole disc discussion, it is a rather sensitive issue, and I don’t think a lot of the media has asked us about this so far. So I would like to discuss how we approached it.”
He continued at length:
First and foremost, personally, I’m very happy that we are able to release a physical disc version of FFVII Revelation considering how the entire gaming market, or the landscape, is veering towards the disc-less direction. And after we launched preorders, we did see some fans voicing their concerns and raising questions about the physical discs requiring some internet download. So I would like to address that.
When we had an internal discussion with the development team about how we wanted to approach the physical discs and the physical releases of FFVII Revelation, initially there were conversations about using the same disc size as we did for, say, FFVII Rebirth. But if we were to do that, it would mean that we would have to make a compromise in terms of the fidelity and the quality of the game. So as a development team, we didn’t want to do that. We didn’t want to make any compromises for the game.
So realistically, the only choice that we had was to release this physical disc, but with certain sections of the game being a digital download format through the physical disc. With that being said, I completely understand that not all players might be happy with this decision, but at the same time, I am happy that we were still able to release a physical format of the game. So I am quite satisfied with the end results as well. I would hope that our fans and players would be able to share that as well.
It’s not immediately clear what sort of compromises Hamaguchi is alluding to. Rebirth was massive with a nearly 150GB install size. With PS5 discs holding up to 100GB, Revelation would have to be way bigger to warrant three discs total. And even then, that would seem to be an issue of the added cost of shipping a physical edition versus a problem of ensuring game quality. It’s also possible the director was talking about optimizations that wouldn’t be made in time for the first run of game discs to ship.
In either case, Hamaguchi’s explanation has done little to satisfy critics of the digital download requirement. His post about the topic on X has already been community noted by frustrated fans. “PS5 games aren’t limited to a one disc,” it reads. “While each PS5 game disc can hold up to100GB, multiple-disc releases are supported and have been used for large PS5games.Therefore, claiming that avoiding multiple discs requires compromising game quality is a lie, not a technical necessity.”
Whatever the rationale, it doesn’t look like Square Enix is planning to reverse course. And with the game out April 8, it won’t be long after launch until Sony stops letting companies ship new game discs altogether.
Donât miss the latest reviews, news and tips. Sign up for our free newsletter.

          We've not seen much about i>Fairgames since it was first revealed in 2023
        

          Sony really likes to use the word ""owned"" despite claiming nobody would ever think they owned a digital game
        

          With a Metacritic score of just 77, the in-house game is scoring worse than Sackboy: A Big Adventure


          Naoki Hamaguchi talks about pushing past franchise limits
        

          Naoki Hamaguchi talks side quest rewards, political messaging, and more
        

Final Fantasy 7 Revelation isnât backing down from the smorgasbord open-world design of Rebirth, and its developers feel confident in the vision built for the finale to the trilogy
        
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2026 KOTAKU USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
83,2026-09-10,"
					By Anthony D'Alessandro 
Editorial Director/Box Office Editor

EXCLUSIVE: Netflix’s Cannes Film Festival winner La Bola Negra will begin its platform release on Oct. 16 with the Javier Ambrossi and Javier Calvo directed title booked at AMC Century City and AMC Burbank in Los Angeles, and at the Angelika Film Center (35mm) and The Paris Theater (35mm) in New York.

	A bold tapestry spanning nearly a century of Spanish history, La Bola Negra tells the story of three generations of men whose lives are intimately connected through desire, pain, and love.

	The film will continue to expand in its second and third week in the top DMAs in the U.S. and Canada before expanding wider across the country on November 6 (running list of markets below).

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					'La Bola Negra' Trailer: Javier Calvo & Javier Ambrossi's Cannes Breakout Starring Penélope Cruz & Glenn Close		
			















	News
	



	
		
					'Obsession' Star Inde Navarrette, 'Odyssey's John Leguizamo, Cannes Hit 'La Bola Negra' Among Critics Choice Celebración Of Cinema & TV Honorees		
			







	The other 35mm locations where the pic will screen include TIFF Lightbox Toronto, Alamo Drafthouse Brooklyn, Landmark Nuart Los Angeles, Music Box Chicago, Coolidge Corner Boston, Angelika Film Center Dallas, Rialto El Cerrito, Hollywood Theatre Portland, The Tara Atlanta, the Sun-Ray Tampa, The Tower Sacramento and VIFF Vancity Vancouver.   




			Watch on Deadline		






	Calvo and Ambrossi (aka the Javi’s), along with members of the cast, will participate in select in-theater Q&As in both Los Angeles and New York. Ambrossi and Calvo won the Best Director Award at Cannes back in May. The film most recently held its North American premiere at the Telluride Film Festival to a rapturous reception. It will screen next at TIFF. 

	As previously reported, Netflix will be reporting grosses for La Bola Negra, David Fincher’s The Further Mis-Adventures of Cliff Booth, Peter Berg’s Mosquito Bowl, Danny Boyle’s Ink, Greta Gerwig’s Narnia: The Magician’s Nephew and animated title Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. The hope here for La Bola Negra is to pop a solid per theater average during its run. Netflix’s first No. 1 ranking film at the domestic weekend box office was late August 2025’s Kpop Demon Hunters Singalong with an estimated $19M.

	Market rollout for La Bola Negra:

	










	October 16, 2026

	October 23, 2026

	October 30, 2026 (17 markets)

	November 6, 2026 (70+ markets)

	Halifax, NS, New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Toronto, Chicago, Dallas, Ft. Worth, Houston, Atlanta, Washington, D.C., Boston, Miami, San Diego, Santa Barbara, Palm Springs, Vancouver, Montreal, Philadelphia, PA, Tampa, FL; Phoenix, AZ; Seattle, WA; Detroit, MI; Orlando, FL;Minneapolis, MN; Denver, CO; Cleveland, OH;Sacramento, CA; Charlotte, NC; Raleigh, NC; Portland, OR; St. Louis, MO; Indianapolis, IN; Nashville, TN; Pittsburgh, PA; Salt Lake City, UT; Baltimore, MD; San Antonio, TX; Kansas City, MO; Columbus, OH; Cincinnati, OH; West Palm Beach, FL; Grand Rapids, MI; Louisville, KY; New Orleans, LA; Buffalo, NY; Richmond, VA; Albany, NY; Dayton, OH; Tucson, AZ; Spokane, WA; Des Moines, IA; Omaha, NE; Portland, ME; Rochester, NY; Charleston, SC; Iowa City, IA; Boise, ID; Monterey, CA; Billings, MT; Puerto Rico; Ottawa, ON; London, ON; Windsor, ON; Kingston, ON; Winnipeg, MB; Quebec City, QC; Calgary, AB; Edmonton, AB and Victoria, BC.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong.
Comment 
Name 
Email 
Website 
 



Δ
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of PMX Global, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All rights reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
84,2026-09-10,Stocks looked to regain their footing after three days of declines.
85,2026-09-10,"Micron has already posted a 662% one-year gain on the AI memory boom, but our proprietary model puts its 12-month price target below where the stock trades today, and the reasoning challenges everything the bull case assumes.


Few names capture the AI infrastructure trade quite like Micron. The only U.S.-based memory manufacturer has seen its stock ride a historic re-rating on the back of high-bandwidth memory (HBM) demand, and investors want to know whether the run has more room. Our proprietary model has a view.
Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU | MU Price Prediction) closed at $1,000.26 on September 8, 2026. Our 24/7 Wall St. price target for Micron is $979.34, implying -3.56% downside over the next 12 months. Our recommendation is hold, with a confidence level of 90%.
Our 24/7 Wall St. price target sits just below where MU trades today, and I want to flag that upfront. Micron is arguably the most levered pure-play on AI memory, and real upside could come from a faster HBM4E ramp or stronger-than-modeled pricing under the new Strategic Customer Agreements. Treat our target as one datapoint among many. The full bull case appears below.
MU is up 662.12% over the past year and 250.68% year to date, with a 13.98% gain over the past month alone. Shares sit near a 52-week high of $1,254.81 versus a low of $131.35.
The rally accelerated after fiscal Q3 2026, when Micron reported revenue of $41.46B (up 345.7% YoY) and non-GAAP EPS of $25.11, beating consensus by 23.79%. Gross margin expanded to 84.9%, a company record. Fiscal Q4 guidance calls for revenue of $50 billion and EPS of $31. Barron’s noted on September 8, 2026, that fresh memory-chip price data lifted MU further.
Bulls have real ammunition. Micron has signed 16 Strategic Customer Agreements representing roughly $100 billion in floor-price RPO and about $22 billion in committed customer deposits, effectively locking in take-or-pay demand through calendar 2030.
CEO Sanjay Mehrotra told investors “DRAM and NAND industry demand continues to significantly exceed industry supply” and expects tight conditions “to persist beyond calendar 2027.”
The Street’s consensus analyst price target is $1,513.11, with 9 Strong Buys and 35 Buys. Our bull-case scenario points to $1,346.88, a 32.63% gain if HBM4E ramps ahead of schedule.
Memory remains cyclical. Our bear case sees MU falling to $721, a 29% drop, if AI capex digests or HBM competition from SK Hynix and Samsung compresses margins. Capex is heavy: $27 billion for fiscal 2026, and Q3 included a $325 million debt-prepayment loss. Concentration risk with the lead HBM4 customer is real.
That said, bulls would counter that the SCAs are designed precisely to blunt cyclicality, with floor prices that management says “enable a very robust gross margin for Micron, well above our peak quarterly margins in any past cycle.”
SanDisk (NASDAQ:SNDK) closed at $1,737.99 as the purest NAND comparable, and its rally mirrors MU’s on the same AI storage thesis. Western Digital (NASDAQ:WDC) closed at $477.30, up 2.14% on HDD-to-SSD displacement tailwinds Micron is also capturing.
On the AI-infrastructure side, NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) at $225.73 is the customer that makes HBM4 a business. NVIDIA’s demand curve is what makes Micron’s SCAs bankable. Against this peer set, our $979.34 target looks reasonable: MU trades at an implied forward P/E of about 22x, which is not stretched given the growth, but the stock has already run.
My 24/7 Wall St. price target is $979.34, and I’m sticking with hold at 90% confidence. The tie-breaker is valuation discipline. The AI story is real, but a 662% one-year move demands proof, not projection.
I’d be a buyer here if fiscal Q4 confirms the $50 billion revenue guide and HBM4 yields track ahead of schedule. I’d stay on the sidelines if pricing decelerates faster than the SCA floors imply.
These projections assume Micron executes on its SCA backlog and AI memory demand holds. Significant upside or downside could result from an HBM pricing shock or a change in hyperscaler capex plans. The setup, a memory pure-play riding a generational AI buildout, is exactly the pattern we reverse-engineered from past 100x tech winners in a free playbook: The Next Nvidia Playbook.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Vandita Jadeja is a financial publisher with over a decade of experience writing about financial topics, including investment, savings, retirement, insurance and banking. Vandita is a Chartered Accountant who loves to debunk financial concepts for readers.
Her work has appeared on sites that include The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, and Benzinga. She covers  investing and focuses on stock picks and price prediction for 24/7 Wall St.
When not looking for the next stock investment opportunity, she can be found traveling, reading, chasing sunsets and enjoying her iced latte.
Micron has surged nearly 675% in a year as Nvidia's top memory supplier, but with Nvidia's earnings report arriving this week, a single guidance line could either push MU toward four digits or trigger…
Micron has turned memory into one of the purest AI plays on the market, with revenues exploding and $100 billion in locked-in contracts, but whether the stock still has room to run or has…
Micron has surged over 250% this year on an AI memory boom, but our price target sits below where shares trade today while Wall Street analysts aim far higher. The gap between those two…
Memory stocks quietly powered one of the steepest AI trades of the cycle, but Micron now sits at a crossroads where a blowout quarter and a $100 billion sales backlog collide with surging capex…
Micron has staged one of the most stunning rallies of the AI era, but a new catalyst looms that could either extend the run dramatically or expose the stock to a sharp reversal. Here…
Micron just posted one of the most explosive quarters in semiconductor history, yet the stock has cratered nearly 14% in a single week as three distinct threats converge on the memory giant. Whether this…
Micron just delivered a quarter that shattered records and sent shares soaring past $1,000, but the real debate starts now: whether a stock already up over 250% this year has enough fuel left to…
Micron has surged over 600% in a year on the back of AI-driven memory demand, but three specific cracks in the story suggest new buyers at current prices are underwriting someone else's win.
Micron just posted numbers that made Wall Street scramble to rewrite its models, and a handful of deals locked in with its biggest customers suggest the memory cycle everyone expected to crack may not…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
86,2026-09-10,"Listen to this article
Listen to this article
Playing this article
Written by Reyyan Dogan
Published on September 10, 2026
Stefano Boeri Architetti has won the competition launched by Spain's Entidad Estatal de Vivienda, Casa 47, for a new affordable housing development in Ibiza. Named ""Sa Casa,"" the project proposes approximately 190 below-market-rate rental apartments distributed across four residential volumes. The scheme combines a prefabricated timber construction system with adaptable housing layouts and shared open spaces, with the design organized around the relationship between the residential buildings, landscape, and public areas.
Stefano Boeri Architetti has won the competition launched by Spain's Entidad Estatal de Vivienda, Casa 47, for a new affordable housing development in Ibiza. Named ""Sa Casa,"" the project proposes approximately 190 below-market-rate rental apartments distributed across four residential volumes. The scheme combines a prefabricated timber construction system with adaptable housing layouts and shared open spaces, with the design organized around the relationship between the residential buildings, landscape, and public areas.
+ 2
The buildings will be constructed using Cross-Laminated Timber (CLT), a structural timber system composed of layers of wood arranged perpendicular to one another. The components are designed to be prefabricated off-site and assembled directly on site, using a dry construction process intended to reduce construction time, material waste, and disruption to the surrounding area. This construction approach also determines the organization of the housing units, with modular layouts allowing apartments to be reconfigured over time. A range of housing typologies is proposed to accommodate different household requirements, including those of young people, older residents, families, and people with reduced mobility.
The buildings will be constructed using Cross-Laminated Timber (CLT), a structural timber system composed of layers of wood arranged perpendicular to one another. The components are designed to be prefabricated off-site and assembled directly on site, using a dry construction process intended to reduce construction time, material waste, and disruption to the surrounding area. This construction approach also determines the organization of the housing units, with modular layouts allowing apartments to be reconfigured over time. A range of housing typologies is proposed to accommodate different household requirements, including those of young people, older residents, families, and people with reduced mobility.
The four-volume arrangement creates a series of shared spaces between the residential buildings, including a central green area, courtyards, and pathways. Shared workspaces and communal areas are integrated into the development, with their relationship to the residential units structured through the same modular system. Native vegetation is distributed throughout the open spaces and extends onto the roofs of the buildings. According to the project team, the vegetation will provide shade, create habitats, contribute to improved air quality, and help mitigate the urban heat island effect. The arrangement of the buildings also establishes visual and physical connections between the residential areas and the surrounding context. The environmental strategy is complemented by photovoltaic panels for renewable energy generation, while the orientation of the buildings, natural ventilation, and water management systems are incorporated into the design.
The four-volume arrangement creates a series of shared spaces between the residential buildings, including a central green area, courtyards, and pathways. Shared workspaces and communal areas are integrated into the development, with their relationship to the residential units structured through the same modular system. Native vegetation is distributed throughout the open spaces and extends onto the roofs of the buildings. According to the project team, the vegetation will provide shade, create habitats, contribute to improved air quality, and help mitigate the urban heat island effect. The arrangement of the buildings also establishes visual and physical connections between the residential areas and the surrounding context. The environmental strategy is complemented by photovoltaic panels for renewable energy generation, while the orientation of the buildings, natural ventilation, and water management systems are incorporated into the design.
  Related Article The Balearic Social Housing Model Receives the 2026 OBEL Award  
In other recent news, Danish practice AART has won the international competition for Rigets Skatkammer (The Royal Treasury), a 1,300-square-meter underground extension to Rosenborg Castle in Copenhagen, developed with VEGA Landskab, Fogh & Følner, and Artelia. MVRDV has revealed WOMA, a mixed-use development in Miami's Wynwood Norte, designed with developer Uribe Schwarzkopf and architect of record Kobi Karp. Meanwhile, OMA, led by Partner Jason Long, has completed 730 Stanyan in San Francisco's Haight-Ashbury neighborhood with Y.A. Studio, providing 160 permanently affordable homes for low-income families, formerly unhoused families, and Transitional Age Youth.
In other recent news, Danish practice AART has won the international competition for Rigets Skatkammer (The Royal Treasury), a 1,300-square-meter underground extension to Rosenborg Castle in Copenhagen, developed with VEGA Landskab, Fogh & Følner, and Artelia. MVRDV has revealed WOMA, a mixed-use development in Miami's Wynwood Norte, designed with developer Uribe Schwarzkopf and architect of record Kobi Karp. Meanwhile, OMA, led by Partner Jason Long, has completed 730 Stanyan in San Francisco's Haight-Ashbury neighborhood with Y.A. Studio, providing 160 permanently affordable homes for low-income families, formerly unhoused families, and Transitional Age Youth.
You'll now receive updates based on what you follow! Personalize your stream and start following your favorite authors, offices and users."
87,2026-09-10,"Energy storage is currently booming, largely thanks to cheap Chinese cells.
The US is hitting records for the rapid growth of its energy storage market. That’ll go a long way to shoring up the grid, increasing reliability and also cutting emissions, since batteries can help store energy from intermittent renewables like wind and solar.
Crucially, this is all happening with the help of cheap Chinese batteries, though there’s been a concerted effort to reduce the US’s reliance on them. Most recently, in an executive order in late August, the Trump administration declared a national emergency that essentially bans Chinese batteries from being used in grid-scale energy storage systems.
There’s an argument to be made about reducing reliance on any single source of a crucial energy technology. But all this tension raises a broader question for me: How much should countries take advantage of cheap, available tech, versus cutting off major sources to force development of their own factories even if that comes at a higher cost?
This is hardly America’s first push to move away from Chinese influence in the battery supply chain. One of the major policy tools used in recent years is restricting the tax credits designed to incentivize use of the new technologies. Limiting the types of projects that are eligible can help reduce the cost of local technologies so they’re more competitive with otherwise cheaper imported options.
Back in 2022, the US government designed the tax credits that were part of the Inflation Reduction Act to restrict where a battery’s minerals could be mined, processed, or recycled, as well as where a battery and its components were assembled.
Those tax credits underwent a makeover in 2025, but the Trump administration has taken a similar tack. New legislation requires that starting in 2026, 55% of the cost of materials used for new energy storage projects must come from outside China and other restricted countries or the projects won’t qualify for tax credits. 
And we can’t forget about tariffs. Import taxes for batteries increased to 25% in January, up from 7.5%.
But the new executive order is a more drastic move. It bans the installation of “any foreign-produced bulk-power system electric equipment” that poses a national security risk. The order specifically calls out battery energy storage systems, as well as inverters and transformers.
“An outright ban was a bit of a surprise, and it does create a bit of concern for domestic players in the US,” says Shan Tomouk, energy storage and energy lead for Benchmark Mineral Intelligence, an energy industry analyst.
The move is likely to slow deployment of grid-connected energy storage projects in the near term, according to analysis from BloombergNEF, an energy consultancy. Projects could face delays as developers wait for clarity on the rules.
Depending on the detailed guidance from the Department of Energy, which is expected by the end of the year, some projects may need to find alternative sources for their cells, whether they’re domestically produced or imported from other countries. These will likely be more expensive than Chinese imports, says Isshu Kikuma, an energy storage analyst at BloombergNEF. “Worst case, those projects could get canceled,” he says.
Technically, the order applies even to existing energy storage plants, though it’s unlikely that they’ll be taken offline because of their batteries’ origin. Since most of these plants currently use Chinese batteries, enforcing the order to the letter would essentially mean removing most installed battery energy storage from the US grid, Kikuma says.
In the longer term, the US will eventually be able to meet its own demand for batteries. The country could have enough capacity by about 2030, though some factories may not ramp up or run at their full capability, meaning domestic supply won’t actually meet demand until later in the 2030s. 
New factories from LG Energy Solutions, Samsung SDI, Ford, and SK On are set to come online or ramp up by next year. In an ironic twist, a slowing EV market is helping, as some factories originally designed for vehicle batteries are retooling to build cells for grid storage instead. 
But it will come at a cost. Today, batteries produced in the US are still significantly more expensive than those made in China. Even switching to imports from other countries like South Korea would likely be more expensive.
This is a crucial issue that goes beyond the US and even beyond batteries. China is miles ahead of much of the rest of the world on technologies like solar panels and batteries. Through years of government support and experience with research and manufacturing, the nation is an energy powerhouse.
There’s a delicate political balance to maintain as the world figures out how to navigate this situation. There’s cheap technology on offer, which can help drastically reduce emissions and energy costs. But there can be risks associated with relying too much on any one player for crucial technologies.
This article is from The Spark, MIT Technology Review’s weekly climate newsletter. To receive it in your inbox every Wednesday, sign up here.  
A key tax credit in the US ended, but heat pump sales are still going strong.
Huge grid-scale batteries are thriving, but smaller residential systems have lagged.
El Niño? Climate change? All of the above?
Companies are developing new enrichment technology that could unlock previously overlooked resources.
Discover special offers, top stories,
            upcoming events, and more.
Thank you for submitting your email!
It looks like something went wrong.

                We’re having trouble saving your preferences.
                Try refreshing this page and updating them one
                more time. If you continue to get this message,
                reach out to us at
                customer-service@technologyreview.com with a list of newsletters you’d like to receive.

© 2026 MIT Technology Review"
88,2026-09-10,"This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with Rania Zheng, a 34-year-old former senior technical product manager at Amazon living in Bellevue, Washington. Zheng was laid off from Amazon in October 2025 and now runs her own wellness-travel business. The following has been edited for length and clarity.
When I learned last October that I was being laid off from Amazon after nearly six years, I was surprised. However, it didn't feel like the end of the world.
Layoffs had become common across the tech industry. I'd heard stories from friends who had been impacted at other companies. I also didn't feel like I was being targeted or that the decision was about my performance.
My official separation from the company only took effect in January, so I had time to pause and think about what I wanted at this stage of my life.
I could look for another job. Or, instead, I could spend more time on the side project I'd already started while working at Amazon. Losing my job gave me a push to see whether I could focus full-time on turning that early idea into an actual business.
I joined Amazon in 2020 as a business intelligence engineer, shortly before the pandemic began. About a year later, I was promoted to a senior engineer.
I'd taken product management classes at the University of Washington and let my managers know I wanted to explore more work in that area. They were supportive, and in 2022, I transitioned into a senior product manager role.
Overall, my experience at Amazon was very positive. I felt like I could continue challenging myself and exploring what I wanted to do.
However, as a woman in a competitive workplace, it could be hard to balance work, my husband, my children, and the invisible mental load. People would tell me that I should relax more, but I didn't really know how.
Create a BI Job Scout and get opportunities matched to your goals.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
Jacob Zinkula writes about how workers in tech and other industries are navigating their careers. Share your story with him by filling out this form, emailing him, or reaching out via Signal at jzinkula.29. Follow his work by clicking here.
My efforts to relax more eventually led me to explore holistic wellness, including traditional Chinese medicine, tea practices, and Qigong. I found it very helpful, and thought more people should know about them.
So, early last year, I cofounded my wellness-travel business, Puyu Retreat, which offers curated trips of roughly five to seven days in China. Depending on the destination, the trips cover different wellness themes.
One trip, for example, focuses on tea and traditional Chinese medicine, while another destination focuses more on creative mindfulness.
At first, the business was more of an idea I was testing with my cofounder, who is based in China. I mostly worked on things like our social media posts about our destinations and the cultural side of the business. I spent around two to three hours a week on the business alongside my Amazon job.
Our first retreat ran in November 2025 — the month after I was laid off.
We've since run some tours, are generating revenue, and the business is growing steadily. Our Instagram account has grown to over 20,000 followers. My cofounder and a founding member now lead our operations on the ground in China. Overall, I'm optimistic about our progress.
Still, I'm not paying myself from the business yet. We're not yet profitable, and we're reinvesting everything into the trips themselves. Each retreat is designed for a small group and is hand-curated, so a significant amount of time and attention goes into each one. Our next focus is on growing in the US market.
One of the reasons I felt comfortable pursuing the business is that my husband works, we have savings to fall back on, and our family isn't spending a lot right now. That gives us some financial runway, but I know this might not make sense forever.
When I decided to focus more seriously on the business, I gave myself roughly a year from when I was laid off to see whether it kept showing promise. If not, I could consider returning to the job market.
As the one-year mark gets closer, I find myself more and more drawn to work that leans into my strengths, such as creativity, sharp business instinct, and translating data into actionable insights.
Building the business draws on all of these skills, but I know other roles could as well. While I'm not actively looking for work right now, I've kept an eye on the market. I wouldn't rule out interviewing if the right opportunity came along and aligned with what I do best.
When I started exploring wellness practices, my goal was to relax more. Since leaving Amazon, building a wellness business has been stressful in its own ways — but when you're working on something you genuinely care about, that changes the quality of the stress.
Working on the business has also helped me keep up with my wellness practices because I have to practice what I'm selling. I've gotten deeper into traditional Chinese medicine and have really come to appreciate its holistic view of health.
Overall, I'm focused on building a balance between work and life that actually holds.
One of the biggest things I've learned about building a business is not to build in silence. There are a lot of ways to validate whether your idea is promising; you can talk to people you trust, share on social media, and see whether people respond.
I'd also tell people who've been laid off not to take it personally. A layoff isn't the end of the story, and everything you accumulated in your previous roles is still valuable.
I appreciate all the experience I gained in product analytics, business intelligence, and product management. It taught me about technology, how to scale, and how to prioritize things.
Those skills don't disappear after a layoff. They can help you figure out what comes next.
Do you have a story to share? Reach out to the reporter via email at jzinkula@businessinsider.com, or via Signal at jzinkula.29.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
89,2026-09-10,Moby summary of Imperial Petroleum Inc.'s Q2 2026 earnings call
90,2026-09-10,"You're viewing the US website. Looking for the Site edition?
Learn why short-term lead generation wastes B2B marketing budgets, and how a long-term demand generation strategy builds trust, memory and growth.
Copied to clipboard

		Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.	
Put a dollar into marketing, and get leads out. Put in more dollars, and get more leads. If the leads stop coming, change the campaign, increase the budget or try another channel.
This is how many companies expect marketing to work. I call it the “vending machine” mindset. It is also an easy way to waste a marketing budget.
That mindset is particularly damaging in B2B SaaS, where buying decisions can take months, involve multiple people and depend on circumstances outside a marketer’s control. Yet companies continue to evaluate marketing as though every campaign should produce an immediate transaction.
A better analogy is an investment account.
You make deliberate investments over time. Some produce an immediate return, while others gradually increase the likelihood that customers will remember, trust and choose you when the timing is right. If you invest consistently in the right things, those effects compound.
Eventually, you stop having to manufacture every sales opportunity, and more customers start coming to you.
Imagine you sell software that helps companies improve employee onboarding. One of your ideal customers sees a LinkedIn post from your company explaining why new hires often struggle during their first 90 days. They read it, agree with it and keep scrolling.
Did the marketing fail? It might look that way if you measure success only through clicks, demo requests or leads generated that day. But consider what happens three months later.
The company begins to ramp up hiring. New employees aren’t ramping fast enough, managers are frustrated, and leadership suddenly has an urgent onboarding problem.
Your prospect remembers the company that has spent months helping them understand that exact problem. They visit your website, share your content with a colleague and add you to their shortlist.
That is marketing working. The difficulty is that the customer decides when the investment pays off. Not you.
Companies should expect accountability from marketing. The problem begins when accountability becomes an expectation that every activity can be connected neatly to an immediate lead, meeting or sale.
That expectation encourages marketers to focus almost entirely on people who are ready to act now. Not only does that group actively shopping today represent only part of your potential market, but they’ve also usually already made up their mind about which vendor they want to work with.
On the other hand, people can encounter your company repeatedly, and you can shape their perceptions even while they may not take an action you can track. They might read an article without completing a form, hear your CEO on a podcast without visiting your website or see a customer recommend your product without requesting a demo.
Those interactions can still influence what people know, believe and remember.
That matters because B2B buying doesn’t follow a linear sequence of trackable clicks. It is human behavior shaped by a messy mix of need, timing, trust and memory. An attribution report may capture a sliver of that behavior, but it cannot capture all of it.
Your marketing strategy has to account for what you can measure, but the “immeasurables” are usually the money-makers and where buying decisions are won or lost.
This is where the conversation often goes wrong. When marketers argue that every dollar should not be expected to generate an immediate lead, some executives hear, “Marketing shouldn’t have to prove that it works.”
That is not the message. Companies should be highly selective about where they invest. In fact, the long-term nature of marketing makes strategy more important, not less. Because these investments take time to produce lasting results, spending months reinforcing the wrong message can be expensive to correct.
The strategic question changes from “How do we generate more leads this month?” to “What do we want our target customers to think of us for, and how can we strengthen that association over time?”
Answering that question requires discipline. You need a clearly defined customer, a strong understanding of what matters to them and a problem worth becoming known for. Then you need enough consistency for customers to associate that problem with your company.
Strong marketing strategies often begin with a problem rather than a product — but not just any problem. Look for a problem with two characteristics: high awareness and high priority.
High awareness means customers recognize the problem when they experience it. You do not have to spend enormous amounts of money convincing them that it exists.
High priority means the problem becomes important enough that customers are willing to act.
Both characteristics matter. Customers may recognize an irritating problem but feel no urgency to fix it. They may also face an important problem without understanding it clearly enough to search for a solution.
Your opportunity sits where awareness and priority overlap.
Your product might solve 20 problems. Your website might describe 50 features, and your sales deck might make a dozen value propositions. But trying to become known for everything makes it harder to become known for anything.
Find the problem that matters disproportionately to the customers you most want to reach. Then build a clear connection between that problem and your company.
Most B2B companies spend enormous amounts of energy pushing. They push another email, ask for another meeting, place prospects into another nurture sequence and put another offer into someone’s feed. Sales teams follow up, marketing teams retarget, and both sides work to keep prospects moving.
Some of that will always be necessary. But good marketing creates something more valuable alongside it: pull.
A customer encounters a problem and thinks of you. They search for your company by name, recommend you during an internal conversation or forward your content to a colleague. When they arrive at your website, they already understand what you do and why it might matter.
Those prospects enter the buying process differently from people who clicked an ad for the first time five minutes ago. Why? Because marketing has already done part of the selling.
Sales does not have to manufacture as much trust from scratch. Conversion becomes easier because prospects arrive with context. Customer acquisition becomes less dependent on continually purchasing the next click.
This strategy depends on choosing the right problem, and you should not choose it in a conference room.
Talk to customers, prospects and people who considered your product but bought something else. Talk to companies in your ideal customer profile that have never heard of you.
Ask which problems occupy their attention. Find out what has recently become more important, what triggers them to start looking for a solution and how they describe those moments in their own words.
Then look for the intersection of three things:
That is where I would build the marketing strategy.
The goal is not simply to make someone see an ad on Tuesday and request a demo on Wednesday. It is to earn a place in their memory before the buying process begins.
Then, six months from now — or perhaps six weeks — something changes. The problem appears, the stakes rise, and the customer decides it is time to act.
Before they search Google, ask ChatGPT, text a colleague or build a vendor shortlist, your company is already sitting at the top of their mind.
Put a dollar into marketing, and get leads out. Put in more dollars, and get more leads. If the leads stop coming, change the campaign, increase the budget or try another channel.
This is how many companies expect marketing to work. I call it the “vending machine” mindset. It is also an easy way to waste a marketing budget.
That mindset is particularly damaging in B2B SaaS, where buying decisions can take months, involve multiple people and depend on circumstances outside a marketer’s control. Yet companies continue to evaluate marketing as though every campaign should produce an immediate transaction.

We'll be in your inbox every morning Monday-Saturday with all the day’s top business news, inspiring stories, best advice and exclusive reporting from Entrepreneur.

"
91,2026-09-10,"If ever there was a head versus heart moment in terms of Apple tech, it was in yesterday’s unveiling of the new iPhones.
I already started the morning by wiping the drool from my desk after watching the iPhone Duo sections of yesterday’s keynote, but the true hero of yesterday’s show for me was the iPhone 18 Pro/Pro Max, thanks to the new camera features … 
Given the supply chain needed to introduce a variable aperture lens to the iPhone, it was no surprise that this was well and truly leaked prior to the launch. The only thing that wasn’t completely clear is whether the feature would be included in both iPhone Pro models or just the Pro Max, and the good news is that the former applies.
Apple also confirmed that while the iPhone will vary the aperture automatically in some cases, we can also take full manual control. I said beforehand that we might need to temper our expectations of just how much difference the feature will make.
The main limiting factor of iPhones is not the lens aperture – which is already rather wide – but rather the size of the sensor. Again, all else being equal, the larger the sensor, the shallower DOF you’ll be able to achieve. Compared to DSLRs and mirrorless cameras, iPhones have absolutely tiny sensors, and that isn’t going to change this year. Given the same size sensor and a very slightly wider aperture, physics would suggest that we shouldn’t expect very much.
But I also speculated about whether Apple might have improved the Portrait mode capabilities in this latest model and actually be using a combination of the wider aperture and computational photography in order to deliver a more impressive result than would be obtained from the hardware alone. That remains to be seen, but based on some of the sample photos shown, I do suspect I may have been right about this.
I’ll be experimenting with this and will of course share the results.
The widest aperture is also close to one stop brighter – up from f/1.78 in the iPhone 17 Pro to f/1.48. While it may not make much difference to depth of field in itself, it should be a worthwhile improvement for low-light captures, including night shots.
In addition to being able to manually control the aperture, we can also select the shutter speed for both still photos and video.
For still photos, that means the ability to take long exposure photos. The promotional video demonstrated using this to achieve motion blur. We don’t yet know the maximum exposure time possible, and whether a combination of the narrowest aperture and computational trickery will allow 30-second exposures, which are commonly used to make flowing water look silky smooth. The same technique can also be used to remove passers-by from a scene.
With conventional cameras, that requires a neutral density filter to cut down the amount of light, but there are third-party iPhone apps that can combine a whole series of photos into a single image to achieve a similar effect. I quite frequently use the Spectre app in this way.
For video, manual control of the shutter speed allows us to use the 180-degree rule. When shooting at 24 frames per second, we want the shutter speed set to 1/48th of a second to achieve the most natural-looking motion blur. This is something we can do in third-party pro camera apps like Blackmagic Cam, but it’s great to have the same capability in the stock Apple one.
Another feature found in third-party apps is white balance control, and this too now comes to the stock app.
For still photography, this allows us to adjust the color temperature to our taste, but it’s most important in video footage. Automatic white balance means that the color temperature, and thus the whole look of the scene, can change during a clip. This creates a very visibly amateurish look. Being able to lock white balance for the duration of a clip is a huge improvement.
Cinematic mode is the video equivalent of Portrait mode, allowing us to apply an artificial shallow depth of field effect. So far, we’ve always had to choose between shooting standard video and Cinematic mode footage – though the latter does actually give us a flat file also. The iPhone 18 Pro lets us decide afterwards to apply Cinematic mode effects to standard video footage.
Additionally, we can now shoot Cinematic video at up to 60 frames per second, allowing it to be used for slow motion footage. 
Existing iPhones already allow us to set the focus to track a particular person within a scene, but the iPhone 18 Pro introduces a significantly more advanced version of this.
In particular, it appears to use AI to identify a particular individual so that it can continue reliably tracking them even when somebody else passes between us and our subject. Additionally, it will re-lock on them if they leave the frame and re-enter it while shooting.
This feature was reported ahead of yesterday’s keynote, so I’ll simply echo what I said then.
Judging exposure visually can be extremely unreliable, especially when viewing the iPhone screen in bright sunlight. Most dedicated cameras support a histogram feature intended to provide an accurate depiction of the exposure.
Shooting video can burn through battery life, so an improvement here is welcome. We don’t know the specifics for this use, but since the maximum life of the Pro Max is up from 39 hours to 45 hours, that suggests we should expect to get around 15% more shooting time over last year’s model.
Finally, there is a way to prove the authenticity of a photo should that be required. This is obviously a specialist tool most relevant to roles like photojournalism and law enforcement.
Sure, some people are going to have eyes only for the iPhone Duo, and that’s perfectly understandable. But if your iPhone is an important part of your camera lineup, then the iPhone 18 Pro and Pro Max are the champions here.
All images: Apple
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels, a couple of SF shorts and a rom-com!"
92,2026-09-10,"The Reichstag in Berlin, seat of the German Bundestag.
The Bundeswehr is assessing 30 artificial intelligence tools that could help speed up battlefield decision-making by processing data from drones and satellites. A prototype is expected in the second quarter of 2027, with full deployment planned for 2028.
Vice Admiral Thomas Daum, who heads the military’s cyber command, gave the timeline in remarks reported by Reuters on Thursday.
He said the evaluation is still underway and that he is optimistic about the outcome. Most of the companies involved are German, while French firm ChapsVision is among the few foreign candidates still in the running.
The name missing from the list is what makes the story interesting. Germany ruled out Palantir in April, rejecting the Maven Smart System already used by the Pentagon and several NATO members. That left Berlin with a fairly simple question: if it did not want the American system, what would it use instead?
Now there is an answer, and it comes with a timeline.
The timeline is also the uncomfortable part. Maven is already deployed. Germany’s alternative is expected to reach the prototype stage in about 18 months and full deployment roughly a year after that, assuming the programme stays on schedule.
Defence projects rarely come with such certainty. Sovereign military software can reduce dependence on foreign suppliers, but it takes time to build, test and integrate. In the meantime, other armies are already using systems that Germany is still developing.
Ukraine shows why the trade-off is difficult. The amount of imagery coming from drones and satellites has grown far beyond what analysts can process manually. That makes a strong case for using the best tools available now.
At the same time, the war has shown how much leverage comes with control of the software layer, particularly when the software sits close to military intelligence and targeting decisions.
Berlin has been working through that tension for some time. France and Germany pledged to build a European alternative to Palantir, only for German officials to later raise concerns that the French-led project could create another dependency.
Evaluating 30 mostly German systems suggests Berlin is taking a different route: rather than betting everything on one European champion, it is building a field of domestic options.
Whether that is the better approach is another question. Thirty tools competing for the same decision-support role points to a market that has not yet settled. The difficult part will come later, when those systems need to work together.
Military software programmes often struggle at the integration stage, and one of Palantir’s selling points is that its different capabilities sit within a single system.
Germany is trying to get to the same point by putting several pieces together. That gives it more control over the technology, but it also makes the project harder. It helps explain why the prototype is still 18 months away.
Daum’s cyber command is also an interesting place for the programme to sit. Battlefield decision support is not purely a cyber problem, but putting the evaluation there suggests Berlin is approaching AI as part of the military’s wider data and network infrastructure before treating it as a targeting system.
That makes sense. It also explains why the starting question is which tools can process the data rather than which system a commander would actually rely on in the field.
Germany took 90% of Europe’s record defence tech funding last year, and a domestic supplier base has grown significantly since 2022. Startups such as Comand AI have raised money to build command software for European forces.
A procurement programme like this is one of the clearest ways to turn that investment into something the military can actually use.
The important milestone, however, will not be the prototype. It will be what happens to the 30 candidates afterwards. Germany will need to narrow the field quickly and make sure the systems that survive can work with each other and with NATO infrastructure.
If it cannot, 2028 could arrive with a collection of capable tools that still do not form a useful decision-support system. At that point, the argument for buying the American one will be easy to make again, simply by pointing at the calendar.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
93,2026-09-10,"Claude Mythos by Anthropic 
ENISA, the European Union’s cybersecurity agency, has been given access to Anthropic’s Mythos 5 and is now testing it alongside OpenAI’s GPT-6 Astra, a European Commission spokesperson said on Thursday.
Reuters reported the confirmation, bringing an end to a process that has been unfolding since spring. Anthropic announced in April that Mythos could outperform humans at finding and exploiting security vulnerabilities. ENISA is now testing the model in September.
The comparison with OpenAI is what makes the timing interesting. GPT-6 Astra was released on 3 September, with OpenAI warning about its cyber capabilities.
ENISA had access to it within about a week. Mythos took five months from Anthropic’s original announcement, and more than three months from June, when the company agreed in principle to give ENISA access.
There was plenty of pressure in between. In May, 30 MEPs from six political groups wrote to Executive Vice-President Henna Virkkunen, warning that the EU’s cybersecurity rules were not prepared for a new generation of AI hacking tools and calling for ENISA to get access.
Parliament’s internal market committee also invited Anthropic to a public hearing, which the company declined, citing short notice. Then, on 2 August, the AI Act’s systemic-risk obligations for general-purpose AI models became enforceable. The Commission said it would seek access to models if necessary.
The Commission has not said whether the pressure led to the agreement or whether it would have happened anyway. That distinction matters because it will shape how the EU approaches the next model.
A voluntary arrangement that takes five months and follows a parliamentary intervention sets a very different precedent from a regulator simply using powers already available to it.
The timing of the handover is also hard to ignore. On Wednesday, Anthropic published an assessment revealing that four of its models had reached the open internet during misconfigured evaluations.
One was Mythos 5, which uploaded a malicious package to the PyPI software repository. ENISA, after months of trying to gain access to the model, got it just as Anthropic was publicly describing the kind of behaviour that had raised concerns in the first place.
For the AI Act, this is one of the first clear examples of the system it was designed to create. Article 55 gives regulators the ability to examine general-purpose AI models with systemic risks rather than relying entirely on what companies tell them.
Until now, there had been little practical evidence of how that would work. ENISA now has two frontier models to test within days of each other, one from a company that had just released its model and another that had spent months negotiating access.
Whatever the tests find, the two cases may help establish how quickly regulators are expected to get access to powerful models and what that access should look like.
The timing also comes as the EU’s AI rules face pressure from the other side. The Commission has agreed to thin out parts of the AI Act on competitiveness grounds, while the US has increasingly treated European technology rules as a trade issue.
Having a European regulator test models with serious offensive cyber capabilities gives Brussels a much more concrete answer to the argument that the AI Act is mainly paperwork.
ENISA is not a large organisation, and this is a demanding job. TNW has reported that the AI Office began enforcement with a 36-person team.
Testing two frontier models with advanced cyber capabilities, producing findings that regulators can actually use, is a substantial task. It is also still unclear what would happen if those tests uncovered a serious problem.
There is another detail that needs clarification: what exactly does “access” mean in this case? Anthropic has separately released a restricted version called Mythos 5.1, with a different set of safeguards, and the model has never been generally available.
Neither the Commission nor Anthropic has said which configuration ENISA is testing. That matters because different versions can produce different results.
We have also written about OpenAI’s claim that Astra has overtaken Anthropic in capability and that it sometimes tries to evade oversight. Those claims can now, at least in principle, be tested by a European agency rather than simply repeated by the companies.
That is the useful part of giving regulators access, and it also shows why the process needs to get faster.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
94,2026-09-10,"An AI extinction warning from a departing Anthropic researcher drew a wave of responses this week. Scientists at Anthropic and OpenAI backed the claim, a Pentagon official dismissed it as a doom loop, and the row reached Washington and Anthropic’s planned IPO.
A warning from a departing Anthropic researcher has drawn a wave of responses this week. Senior scientists at rival labs backed the claim that AI could threaten humanity, while a top Pentagon official rejected it. The reaction followed Jacob Coxon’s resignation from Anthropic. In a post on X, he said AI firms were “racing straight to self-improving superintelligence and gambling with our lives”.
The post has since passed 150 million views, according to Bloomberg.
Coxon said he had spent about three years in AI research across both OpenAI and Anthropic. He wrote that the people building AI earnestly believe it could kill everyone by the end of the decade. His posts reached more than 100 million people within days, according to Wired.
He told Axios he had left Anthropic two months before his equity would have vested, after roughly four months at the company. He no longer had anything to gain by juicing up Anthropic’s valuation, he said in that interview.
Several researchers at Anthropic and OpenAI publicly supported the warning. Evan Hubinger leads Anthropic’s alignment science team. He wrote on X that the company’s staff really do earnestly believe AI could kill all humans. He put the chance at more than 10 percent within the next decade.
Anthropic researcher Samuel Marks wrote that AI developers believe their technology could cause human extinction. In general, he said, the more senior the employee, the more concerned they were.
Paul Christiano also weighed in. He was formerly head of safety at the US Commerce Department’s Center for AI Standards and Innovation. Recent progress had led him to see a meaningful risk, he wrote. He said rapid acceleration in AI capabilities could lead to a catastrophic and irreversible loss of control in the very near term.
Most people could die, he added.
OpenAI announced that Christiano was joining the board of its nonprofit foundation. Geoffrey Hinton is one of the researchers often called a godfather of AI. He told BBC Newsnight that a 10 percent risk of human extinction seemed a not unreasonable estimate.
OpenAI researchers joined the calls to slow development. Julie Steele works on the company’s safety team. In her personal capacity, she wrote, she also thought the industry needed to slow down, CNBC reported. The statements followed an open letter in July. Roughly 1,400 employees across frontier AI companies signed it.
The letter urged the US government to build tools to deliberately pace automated AI development.
Not everyone accepted the warning. Emil Michael, the US Defense Department’s chief technology officer, rejected it at a defence industry conference in Washington on Thursday, Bloomberg reported. It was easy to get caught up in this sort of doom loop, he said. He described Coxon’s message as all the fears that had coalesced in one well-written tweet.
Michael, a former Uber executive, said the free market, industry collaboration and engagement with government could mitigate the potential harms.
Michael also told reporters that the Defense Department had moved about 90 percent of its classified AI workload away from Anthropic. He said it was on track to shift the rest by the end of the month. His remarks followed the Pentagon’s dispute with Anthropic over safeguards on military use of its models, a case now before the courts.
Gary Marcus, an AI researcher, told Business Insider he saw cyberattacks and disinformation as serious risks. But he knew of no realistic scenario for actually killing all humans, he said.
The warning drew a quick political reaction. Representative Lori Trahan, a Massachusetts Democrat, wrote that safety researchers were resigning, powerful AI models were breaking out of their labs, and companies were racing ahead anyway. She pointed to the bipartisan FRONTIER Act, which would establish oversight of advanced models.
A separate bill, the Ban Artificial Superintelligence Act, would pause advanced development until safety rules were set. Senator Bernie Sanders said he would introduce legislation to pause AI development. Senator Ted Cruz called the risk “scary as hell”, according to Politico.
David Sacks, chair of the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology, addressed the matter on X. Anthropic’s planned public offering must be paused until the claims of the whistleblower can be investigated, he wrote.
Anthropic declined to comment on that post. The company is expected to begin marketing its initial public offering in mid-October at the earliest. The listing would follow shortly before the US midterm elections in November.
Anthropic did not respond to a request for comment on Coxon’s resignation, and OpenAI did not immediately respond either, according to the Associated Press. An Anthropic spokesperson told CNBC that the company had always been transparent that AI would bring both enormous benefits and unprecedented risks.
The spokesperson said it was building models with some of the strongest safeguards in the industry. Anthropic was the first lab to publish a framework for mitigating catastrophic risks from AI models, the spokesperson added.
Coxon was not the first researcher to raise such concerns. Hinton left Google in 2023 to speak freely about the risks. In May, the Turing Award winner Yoshua Bengio issued a similar AI extinction warning.
OpenAI chief scientist Jakub Pachocki wrote this month that the systems of the next few years were likely to increasingly drive their own development, and that the moment called for extreme caution.
What set this week apart was the scale of the reaction, measured by view count and by the seniority of those who echoed the warning, rather than the argument itself.



                                    With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding &amp; identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate                                                                        (show all)

With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding & identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate with our target audience in the software/SaaS industry. Collaboration and teamwork are paramount to her, as she loves empowering her colleagues to achieve outstanding results and unlock their full potential.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
95,2026-09-10,"Seal of Justice Department 
The US Justice Department is examining whether Nvidia deliberately structured its licensing deal with inference chip designer Groq in a way that avoided antitrust review, according to a New York Times report.
The Justice Department opened its inquiry shortly after the deal was announced in December and has since sent Nvidia a formal request for information. If investigators find wrongdoing, they could seek fines, although forcing Nvidia to unwind the deal is considered unlikely.
The structure of the deal is what matters in this case. Nvidia took a non-exclusive licence to Groq’s chip technology and hired several of its executives, including founder Jonathan Ross, but it did not buy the company. A merger has to be reported to regulators and can be blocked. A technology licence followed by a round of hiring looks, at least on paper, like two normal business decisions.
“The Groq story is a prime example of the American system working as designed to promote innovation, reward entrepreneurs, and benefit consumers,” an Nvidia spokesperson said. 
That defends the result, but it does not really answer the question at the centre of the investigation: whether the structure itself was designed to avoid scrutiny.
That may be difficult for regulators to prove as the antitrust law generally focuses on whether control of a company has changed hands, and a non-exclusive licence does not transfer control.
To make the case against Nvidia, enforcers would have to argue that the arrangement functioned as a merger, even though it was not one on paper.
The Nvidia answer is straightforward, as the licence is non-exclusive, Groq still exists, and its engineers are free to move to another company. All of that can be true while Groq is no longer in a position to compete as it did before. That distinction is likely to be central to the investigation.
What makes the case more interesting is that Groq is not the only example. Nvidia used a similar structure with Poolside, paying $6bn to license its model factory and hiring 109 staff.
Once the same pattern appears more than once, it becomes harder to treat each deal as an isolated commercial decision. For antitrust regulators, that pattern may matter more than any single transaction.
Reuters, following the NYT, puts the Groq arrangement at $17bn, and we have reported $20bn. The difference may come from whether the figure refers only to the licence payment or includes the value of the hiring arrangement, but that has not been established here. The copy should therefore avoid putting a number on the deal until the figures are reconciled.
Whatever the final figure, the effect on Groq is clearer. It had become one of the most credible independent challengers in inference silicon, after raising money at a $3.5bn valuation in a round that Nvidia itself joined.
After the deal, Groq lost its founder and senior engineers. It has since been raising $650mn to rebuild around the team and business that remain.
So while Nvidia did not acquire Groq outright, it took its technology and many of the people behind it. That leaves regulators with a question that is harder to answer than a simple merger review: when does a licence and a hiring spree amount to buying a competitor without actually buying the company?
Congress had already raised concerns about the arrangement. Senators Elizabeth Warren and Richard Blumenthal questioned the deal in March. Nvidia is also in talks with Korean inference chipmaker Rebellions, which operates in the same market but outside the reach of US merger review.
The wider significance is that Nvidia now sits at the centre of many of the AI industry’s biggest compute deals. If the Justice Department decides that this kind of licence-and-hire arrangement was used to get around antitrust scrutiny, the consequences could extend well beyond Groq.
Other companies could start using the same structure, particularly if it becomes clear that a dominant supplier can absorb a challenger without formally acquiring it.
For Europe, that may be the more important part of the story. The EU has spent the past two years developing new tools to scrutinise acquisitions of promising companies, including a referral mechanism for deals that fall below standard notification thresholds.
But a technology licence followed by a recruitment drive does not obviously fall into that category, because neither action on its own amounts to a concentration.
If the US investigation concludes that Nvidia’s structure was a way around merger rules rather than simply a different way of doing business, European regulators may have to ask whether their own rules leave a similar gap.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
96,2026-09-10,"The UK space strategy, published on 8 September, is backed by £7.8bn to 2030. Its annex puts about 40% into two defence lines and more than £1.6bn through the European Space Agency. The government calls it a record, but neither document says how much of the money is new.
The UK government has published a new space strategy, backed by £7.8bn to 2030. It brings the government’s civil and military space spending under one plan. The government’s announcement on 8 September named national security and defence as its key pillars, alongside growth.
The UK Space Strategy formally replaces the National Space Strategy of 2021. Three bodies published it together. They are the Department for Business, Innovation, Science and Trade (BIST), the Ministry of Defence and the UK Space Agency. The government puts the UK space sector at £18.6bn, supporting more than 55,000 skilled jobs.
“As space becomes a new frontier of economic and military competition, this plan will help keep Britain secure by strengthening our ability to launch satellites, detect threats and protect the services people rely on every day,” said Jonathan Reynolds, the business secretary.
The headline number is easier to read in the technical delivery annex. It lists each programme, its budget and the body that runs it, over the four financial years from 2026/27 to 2029/30.
The largest single line is £2.3bn for defence satellite communications, run by the Ministry of Defence. It includes £50m to extend the life of the SKYNET 5 military satellites. Their replacements include SKYNET 6A, which the annex says is due to launch in 2027.
A further £880m goes on space control and on intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance from orbit. The government says that money will help track military activity on the ground, spot attacks on satellites and protect British assets in orbit. Together, those two defence lines come to about £3.2bn, or roughly 40% of the total.
The civil side is spread thinner. The strategy sets aside £85m for the National Space Operations Centre, which watches for collisions and hostile activity, and £30m for SaxaVord Spaceport in Shetland. There is £40m for servicing, assembling and manufacturing equipment in orbit, and £57m for better connectivity on trains.
The government also lists stronger phone signals among the everyday benefits. Satellite service to phones is a contested market in Europe. The continent’s largest carriers are in talks to take on Starlink there.
The annex also shows how much of Britain’s space budget flows through European institutions. The lines for European Space Agency programmes add up to more than £1.6bn. The biggest are £413m for ESA’s mandatory science programme and £269m for human and robotic exploration.
There is also £276m for ESA’s satellite communications work, £205m for its Earth observation programmes and £148m for European launch programmes. On top of that, the UK pays £235m to EUMETSAT, the European weather satellite agency. It also pays from £135m a year to the EU for Copernicus, the bloc’s Earth observation system, until 2027.
The strategy itself says the UK believes Europe is stronger in space when it acts together. The timing fits a busy few weeks for European space. Isar Aerospace reached orbit on 6 September, a first for a European commercial launcher. The EU’s own sovereign satellite network, IRIS², moved into deployment in August.
The government calls the £7.8bn a record. Neither document says how much of it is new. The annex describes its figures as the current funding planned for these activities over the Spending Review period. Some defence work runs beyond that.
Lindsay Clark of The Register described the package as cross-departmental spending gathered under one plan. He noted that the government had already announced funding for C-LEO, the UK Space Agency’s low Earth orbit communications programme.
The strategy also changes how government buys. It will adopt a single approach to buying and developing space technology, starting with satellite communications. The government says the aim is to steer more work to British suppliers, speed up delivery and get better value.
The strategy arrives after warnings about delivery. In July, the government’s projects authority rated SKYNET 6, the £8.35bn upgrade of military satellite communications, as red. That rating means successful delivery appears unachievable in the programme’s current form, The Register reported. It cited workforce shortages and slow supplier performance.
The 2021 strategy drew criticism too. Last November, a House of Lords committee found that the UK space sector lacked the strategic direction it needed. The Register reported the findings at the time.
Industry groups have welcomed the new plan. UKspace, the industry trade association, and ADS, which represents aerospace, defence, security and space companies, both backed it, according to TechRadar. The Met Office and the Space Academic Network also gave their support.
Defence Secretary Wes Streeting said the strategy recognises that national security depends on freedom of action in space. The annex gives SKYNET 6A a launch date of 2027.
For British space startups, the detail that matters most may be the procurement change. UK companies such as NewOrbit, which raised $18.5m in June, are the domestic suppliers it is meant to favour. Demand elsewhere in Europe is moving fast. Finland’s ICEYE saw its valuation quadruple to €10bn in six months as governments looked for their own spy satellites. The UK’s single buying approach starts with satellite communications. The strategy does not say when it reaches the rest.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
97,2026-09-10,"Celero, a two-year-old chip startup, has raised $275m at a valuation above $3bn to push AI data down fibre. It has validated a 2nm chip but has not started production or named customers. Alphabet's CapitalG co-led the round, though Google is also a major Marvell customer.
Celero Communications, a two-year-old chip startup, has raised $275m in a Series C round that values it at more than $3bn. It makes the processors that push data down fibre optic cables between AI chips, racks and whole data centres. Atreides Management, Valor Equity Partners and CapitalG, Alphabet’s growth fund, co-led the round.
Dina Bass of Bloomberg reported the round on 8 September, ahead of the company’s own announcement the same day. Existing investors Sutter Hill Ventures and Maverick Silicon also took part. Celero has now raised $415m in total. Gavin Baker, managing partner and chief investment officer at Atreides, joins its board.
All three lead investors were already on the cap table. CapitalG led Celero’s $100m Series B last November. That took its funding to $140m at the time, according to the company’s earlier announcement. Valor, Atreides, Sutter Hill and Maverick Silicon took part in that round too. The November announcement gave no valuation, so the size of the step up is not public.
The company is based in Irvine, California, with design centres in Canada and Argentina. Its founders are Nariman Yousefi, the chief executive, and Oscar Agazzi. The pair previously worked as executives at Marvell, and Yousefi spent 17 years at Broadcom, where he ran its networking unit.
Celero builds coherent digital signal processors, or DSPs. These chips encode data onto light using the phase and polarisation of the signal as well as its brightness. That lets more data travel further down the same strand of fibre. Networks have long used coherent optics for links between cities. Inside data centres, a simpler and cheaper method called PAM4 has done most of the work.
Celero argues that PAM4 is running out of room as AI clusters grow. Its pitch is that coherent optics should now run at every scale, from racks inside one building to links between neighbouring data centres.
“The transition to coherent technology is absolutely required to enable all this future scaling for AI,” Yousefi told Bloomberg.
The company says it has validated what it calls the industry’s first coherent DSP made on a 2-nanometre process. It uses TSMC’s 2nm technology, the most advanced commercially available. Celero says the chip sets up a roadmap from 1.6 terabit connections to 3.2 terabit ones.
Celero says the new money will go on its product roadmap, research and development, and production readiness. The validation is a milestone, not a product. Yousefi told Bloomberg that Celero still has to finalise the design and start production, and aims to make that move next year. The company has not named any customers. It is targeting the biggest cloud providers.
It will also have to sell into a crowded market. Celero will compete with Marvell, Broadcom and Cisco, Bloomberg reported. At the same time its chips must plug into equipment made by others. Marvell owns Inphi, one of the companies in the founders’ own history. Cisco bought coherent optics specialist Acacia in 2021.
The Alphabet link adds a twist. Last month, Marvell gave Google a warrant to buy up to $12.2bn of its shares as part of a custom chip deal. Marvell supplies Google with chips that sit around its TPUs, including controllers for storage and networking. CapitalG has backed Celero since before that deal. With this round it is doubling down on a startup that plans to compete with Marvell in optical networking.
Celero is the latest in a run of large rounds for companies that move data between AI chips.
“When we founded Celero, we started with a simple belief: AI infrastructure would become one giant distributed supercomputer, and networking would become the bottleneck,” Yousefi wrote on LinkedIn after the round.
The logic is simple. Buying more GPUs helps only if they can talk to each other fast enough, and the links are becoming the limit.
The spending behind that demand is large. Celero’s announcement cites a McKinsey projection that data centres worldwide will need nearly $7tn of investment by 2030. About $5.2tn of that would support AI workloads.
Atreides has made this bet before. It co-led the $700m round for Lumilens, which builds optical interconnects for both short hops inside a rack and longer runs between racks. Maverick Silicon, another Celero backer, invested in Point2, which takes a different route. Point2 sends radio signals over plastic and claims lower power and latency than optics.
Others are working on the cable itself. Relativity Networks raised money for hollow-core fibre that carries light faster than glass. In London, Olix tripled its valuation to $3.3bn with an optical AI chip of its own.
CapitalG’s James Luo made the case for light directly. Some of Nvidia’s racks still rely largely on copper, he said, and too much information risks getting lost as data needs grow.
“Light is just way more efficient,” Luo told Bloomberg, even over short distances.
Some investors are backing more than one answer. Maverick Silicon has money in both Point2’s radio links and Celero’s coherent optics. Atreides’ Baker put Celero’s claim at its widest in the company’s announcement. “Every data center will need coherent optics, no matter the accelerator or networking protocol,” he said.
The test comes next year, when Celero moves from validated silicon to production. The first cloud provider to sign up will show whether coherent optics can make the jump from links between cities to links between racks.



                                    Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing hi                                                                        (show all)

Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing himself as one of the most connected and respected voices in the ecosystem. At just 23 years old, Cristian was included in the Forbes 30 Under 30 2025 list, representing a new generation of tech builders, bold thinkers who move fast, build with purpose, and create real impact.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
98,2026-09-10,"Nvidia has signed eight Australian data centre and cloud companies to build what it calls AI factory capacity, in an arrangement the chipmaker says could support up to two gigawatts of AI compute in Australia by 2027.
The partners named in the announcement are Firmus, Sharon AI, IREN, Megaport, ResetData, CDC, NextDC and AirTrunk. IREN’s Bundey campus in South Australia is an 800MW site.
CDC says it operates more than 550MW across Australia and New Zealand with a further 800MW under construction. No capital figure is given for the programme as a whole.
An AI factory, in Nvidia’s usage, is a full-stack arrangement rather than a building: facilities, compute, networking, software and reference designs built around its DSX platform and the CUDA ecosystem.
That definition is doing commercial work. It converts a set of independent Australian landlords into deployments of one company’s architecture, which is the point of the exercise from Santa Clara.
Two gigawatts is the number to sit with. It is roughly the output of two large nuclear reactors, committed in a country whose grid operator has spent several years warning about firm capacity in the eastern states.
Nvidia does not build power stations, and the announcement makes no claim about where the electricity comes from, which is the standard shape of these arrangements and the standard gap in them.
The Australian buildout has been running for a while, and TNW has covered its financing. AirTrunk is at the centre of the American money going into Australian data centres, and NextDC has been issuing convertible notes to fund exactly this class of capital expenditure.
What is new is not that the capacity is being built. It is that Nvidia is now naming the ecosystem as a single programme with a gigawatt target attached.
Sovereign AI is the pitch, and it is a real one for Australia: data residency rules, locally trained models, industries that would rather not send their data offshore.
It is also a slightly strange use of the word. Sovereignty here means the racks are on Australian soil and the accelerators, the interconnect, the software stack and the reference architecture are all American.
That is a meaningful improvement on shipping the data to Virginia. It is not independence, and the distinction matters more in Canberra this month than it did last year, with Washington already leaning on Australia over its platform regulation.
Two gigawatts in one mid-sized economy by 2027, assembled from eight private operators without a public subsidy programme attached, is a different mechanism from the EU’s AI gigafactory competition, which is running through state aid, consortium bids and site selection. One approach is faster.
The other is trying to answer questions about ownership and power supply before the concrete is poured, and Europe’s energy regulators are actively arguing about whether data centres should have to bring their own clean supply.
The quotations from the partners are what you would expect: Oliver Curtis of Firmus on building Australia’s AI future, James Manning of Sharon AI on the country having the energy, connectivity and ambition to lead.
Daniel Roberts of IREN made the more useful observation that building AI infrastructure at scale requires integrating every layer, which is precisely the argument for buying the whole stack from one supplier and precisely the concern.
There is one more thing worth noting about the list. Six of the eight partners are landlords or connectivity providers rather than model builders, and the only customer-side voice in the announcement is a healthcare startup describing what it can do with an Nvidia model.
That is an accurate picture of the market: the capacity is being committed well in advance of the demand that would justify it, on the assumption the demand arrives. It usually has so far.
What the announcement does not contain is a timetable per site, a capital commitment, a customer, or a word about generation. Those are the four things that determine whether two gigawatts is a plan or a headline, and none of them is disclosed.



                                    Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing hi                                                                        (show all)

Cristian Dina is the CRO at The Next Web. He has interviewed 300+ industry leaders and authored the book King of Networking, establishing himself as one of the most connected and respected voices in the ecosystem. At just 23 years old, Cristian was included in the Forbes 30 Under 30 2025 list, representing a new generation of tech builders, bold thinkers who move fast, build with purpose, and create real impact.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
