,date,content
0,2026-09-05,"Big Tech and the mega-caps dominate the conversation in markets these days, but the market's tiniest stocks are also worth a look, according to a veteran investor.
Jim Stoeffel, a portfolio manager at Royce Investment Partners, an investment firm owned by Franklin Templeton that oversees roughly $13.6 billion in assets, says micro-cap stocks—those with a market capitalization of less than $300 million—are the market's ""best kept secret."" He maintains that though these smaller stocks are subject to volatility, investors shouldn't ignore them.
""We feel confident saying that many investors don't know that micro-caps have been leading the U.S. equity markets for more than a year now, dating back to the market low on April 8, 2025,"" Stoeffel said in a post from the firm last month. ""We'd also be willing to bet that a sizable number of investors have only a vague idea that the asset class exists in the first place.""
He flagged some data that points to the outperformance of the sector through the middle of this year.
The Russell Microcap rose 27.5% compared to 22.6% for the small-cap Russell 2000 Index, 10.3% for the large-cap Russell 1000 Index, and 2.0% for the mega-cap Russell Top 50 Index, Stoeffel wrote.
Small-caps have enjoyed a banner year so far as well, with the Russell 2000 up 18% compared to the 13% gain. But micro-caps have continued to operate mostly under the radar, despite their big streak of gains since the tariff meltdown of April 2025.
""Yet even in the context of recent market leadership and widespread positive performance, we are still finding attractive buying opportunities in nearly every corner of the micro-cap universe.""
In an interview, Stoeffel told Business Insider that the stocks can be volatile, which may keep some investors away, and that while investors should include micro-caps in their portfolios, it should be done with active management, due to some of the unique characteristics and volatility of these stocks.
""When things go wrong, they tend to go wrong pretty meaningfully. If things go right, they go right very meaningfully,"" he said.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
As for what specific sectors and stocks his team is bullish on, Stoeffel said he likes software and employment services.
While his team is bullish on AI, they also favor the software industry as well as employment services. In tech and AI, Stoeffel said his team's approach to micro-caps favors the pick-and-shovel companies benefitting from the data center boom.
Stoeffel flagged DHI Group, 204% year to date, as a top pick among micro caps. DHI Group operates in two spaces that Stoeffel likes, offering exposure to both tech and employment services as the operator of a specialized career marketplace.
While slightly larger by market cap, he also named Ichor Holdings and Mistras Group as bullish picks in the sectors he's watching. Both fall into the pick-and-shovel category.
Mistras provides protection services for large-scale infrastructure, while Ichor manufactures subsystems for semiconductor devices, catering to clients such as Applied Materials and Lam Research.
""All the AI related stocks have pulled back, but we think it's become attractive again,"" Stoeffel stated of Ichor.
.

No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
1,2026-09-05,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Home > Electric Vehicles
Chinese cars are already blocked from the US market by high tariffs. But Congress is weighing an outright ban.
Senior Consumer Insights Editor
Senior Consumer Insights Editor
September 4, 2026, 8:37 pm ET
The Alliance for Automotive Innovation, a lobby group for the auto industry, wants an outright ban on Chinese-made cars, parts and software.
John Bozzella, the AAI’s CEO and president, sent a letter to congressional leaders this week that asks Congress to ban selling, importing and manufacturing Chinese-made cars, hardware and software. There is currently bipartisan support in Washington to do just that, including the “Connected Vehicle Security Act of 2026,” which “prohibits the importation, manufacture, sale, resale, or introduction into US interstate commerce of connected vehicles and related software and hardware components associated with China, Russia, Iran, or North Korea.” 
In the letter, Bozzella said the Chinese government’s policies are “rooted in a well-documented pattern of unfair trade, subsidies, intellectual property theft and surveillance.” The AAI expressed urgency and asked Congress to enact a ban before ending its session for this year. The AAI didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment.
Existing automakers selling to US consumers have had their own brushes with regulators over drivers’ privacy. In 2025, the Federal Trade Commission ordered General Motors not to sell driver data for five years, and a Consumer Reports investigation that year found nearly every automaker collects and shares data on driver behavior. 
Chinese cars, particularly electric vehicles, have seen their popularity rise across the world due to their affordability. One reason those prices are so low is that the automakers get significant government subsidies. Chinese automakers are essentially blocked from selling to US consumers by high tariffs. 
The AAI said a permanent ban will “send a clear and bipartisan message that China’s strategy to dominate global automotive manufacturing will be met with a national security policy response from the American government.”

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
2,2026-09-05,"Target-date funds are astoundingly popular, especially among younger investors.
According to Fidelity data, 81% of Gen Z investors have all of their 401(k) balance in target-date funds as of Q2 this year. For millennials, it's 70%. Total assets under management in the funds grew to a massive $4.8 trillion in 2025, according to Morningstar.
It's easy to see why the investment vehicles are so commonly used. Besides the fact that they're the default option for many workers who enroll in their employers' savings plans, they're a convenient set-it-and-forget-it approach to retirement investing. The fund auto-allocates your investments to stocks and bonds as you approach retirement to ensure you're taking on an appropriate level of risk.
But speaking with Business Insider last month, Bill Bengen, the creator of the famed 4% rule for retirement savings, criticized the funds, and said investors would be better off using other approaches.
His argument essentially boiled down to the assumptions on risk that target-date funds make. They're far too conservative for his liking.
""I don't believe in the target-date concept,"" Bengen said. ""I think it creates poor allocations for retirees.""
Let's dive more into the nuts and bolts of target-date funds and their potential pros and cons, and why Bengen thinks there's a better approach for investors.
When deciding to go into a target-date fund, you choose a year that is likely to generally line up with your retirement age.
For example, someone starting work today at 22 who might expect to work until age 67 would retire around 2071. So, they might choose a 2070 target-date fund like the Vanguard Target Retirement 2070 Fund (VSVNX) or the Fidelity Freedom Index 2070 Fund (FRBVX).
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
The funds will then allocate roughly 90% of your money to US and non-US stocks, with the remainder in bonds.
As you get closer to your target retirement date, the fund will reduce its stock exposure and increase its bond allocation to preserve capital and dial back risk. Bonds are generally less risky than stocks, though they tend to offer smaller average returns.
At the retirement date, the fund ends up with a 50% allocation to stocks and has 50% in bonds. The fund then gets even more conservative: several years after the target date, it eventually ends up putting 70% of your money into bonds and just 30% into stocks.
For Bengen, it's simply far too small an allocation to stocks, especially as people live longer and retirement years stretch on into decades.
Bengen's preferred allocation for retirees is 65% stocks and 35% bonds. Given recent stock outperformance, retirees can safely withdrawal 4.7% of their portfolios per year, he said, and that money should last you around 30-35 years, if not longer. Pre-retirees should have a 100% allocation to stocks, he said.
""Retirees need returns almost as much as pre-retirees do,"" Bengen said. ""You shouldn't be afraid of committing 65% stocks, which for some people sounds very high, but it's what you need to do if you're really going to get the maximum out of your retirement savings.""
Another criticism Bengen has of target-date funds is that they sell indiscriminately at a pre-determined date, ignoring the context of market conditions.
For example, if you were approaching retirement and stock valuations were at historically high levels, you would want to reduce your exposure sooner rather than later, he said. But if a crash just happened and valuations are cheap, you probably wouldn't want to sell at the bottom.
It's an observation shared by Pam Krueger, the founder of Wealthramp, which pairs investors with fee-only financial advisors.
Krueger said that while target-date funds will get the job done for most people in the end, especially if they don't want to manage money, it's not a tool that can be exact in meeting one's needs.
""It's clunky,"" she told Business Insider. ""It's not going to be precise.""
Despite the criticisms, target-date funds aren't necessarily bad options. They get an investor to retirement age with a sizeable allocation to stocks most of the way. If a retiree then wants to be more aggressive with their approach, they can change their strategy.
For investors who do want to take an alternative route, there are a few other options.
One of them, of course, is hiring someone to manage your money for you. While that costs money every year, it may help you generate better returns that can offset that cost.
There are also what are called ""lifestyle funds"" from the big asset managers. They essentially keep you at a fixed allocation to stocks and bonds, and rebalance automatically.
For example, the Vanguard LifeStrategy 60/40 Fund (VSMGX) keeps you at an allocation of 60% stocks and 40% bonds. For those that want to take on more risk in stocks, there are more aggressive funds like the BlackRock 80/20 Target Allocation Fund (BAAPX).
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
3,2026-09-05,OpenAI says it needs to overhaul how and when it reports instances of AI models attacking real-world targets. The acknowledgement comes as the company manages the fallout from reports that a swarm of its out-of-control agents hijacked a German wiki site. Rega…
4,2026-09-05,"A SAP executive says the ""pendulum will swing back"" from the SaaSpocalypse.
Like many software companies, the German software giant has seen its stock hit hard over the past year amid competition from AI tools. This stock sell-off of software-as-a-service (SaaS) companies, known as the SaaSpocalypse, has hit companies like Salesforce, SAP, and Workday as Anthropic and OpenAI have introduced tools that could threaten their businesses.
SAP's stock has been down about 20% over the past year, though it's been on an upward trend over the past month.
When SAP reported its earnings in late July, investors responded positively to the company's cloud-led growth and advances in its business AI. Jan Gilg, SAP's global president of customer success and Americas, told Business Insider that the sell-off was ""a bit of an overreaction on the entire industry.""
""As usual, I feel the pendulum will swing back,"" Gilg said. ""There will be users. There will be losers and winners. I truly believe SAP will be on the side of the winners.""
To get on the winning side, Gilg says SAP has been reinventing itself with AI, investing in its data capabilities, and changing its pricing models.
""Everybody has AI on the agenda right now,"" Gilg said.
SAP's stock has jumped roughly 40% since it reported earnings in late July.
There's a reason for that, Gilg says. SAP isn't easily replaceable through a vibe-coded tool, though Gilg does expect companies to leverage AI to build software much faster. Internally, SAP has also used AI to improve its output and build its own software, and it sees AI as an opportunity to improve its tools for customers.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
""It's really multifaceted. On the one side, there was the idea that customers will vibe code their software themselves rather than buying packaged software. We don't see that frankly,"" Gilg said. ""We don't see that, especially for mission-critical purposes. It's not just about features and functions. It's about auditability, governance, and the maintenance of the software.""
While Gilg says he hasn't seen customers replacing SAP software, he has seen competition over tech budgets—especially with token spending, or how companies pay for AI. SAP has a ""good position"" for this because customers rely on SAP data to run their business processes and can demonstrate its value, Gilg said.
""Customers are seeing token costs go through the roof already,"" Gilg said. ""How do you measure and control that, and how do you show an outcome for that? Budgets won't necessarily increase. It will still have to come from somewhere. Therefore, the scrutiny will become much, much bigger.""
Lately, Gilg has been focusing on explaining to customers how they can benefit from AI and what SAP can offer. Customers have spent a lot of money on AI, though many haven't seen the business outcomes, profit, or productivity gains they're looking for.
""Customers have not yet seen the benefit of AI,"" Gilg said. ""That is certainly something they are digging deeper into now.""
To address that, SAP built its first foundational model, Tabular AI, which can help make predictions based on business data. In the future, Gilg expects people to interact with SAP products through natural language and voice.
SAP has also been investing in its ontology capabilities to allow customers to audit their systems and work with AI agents to help make decisions. Ontology is a favorite Palantir buzzword, and these capabilities put SAP in more direct competition with the AI data company.
While SAP competes with Palantir, they also partner to move data between systems. SAP says its advantage over rivals is its data from over 10,000 customers, which allows it to build more useful capabilities.
""We do see new players out there from Anthropic, OpenAI, Palantir, and so on,"" Gilg said. ""That's going to be the battlefield of the future.""
Internally, SAP uses AI across departments such as finance, human resources, and more. For example, employees can use an internal chatbot to ask questions or AI tools to write code. Sales employees can use AI to help with customer briefings or to study markets.
""We are definitely pivoting the company all in on AI,"" Gilg said. ""We're doing this in a position of strength. Frankly, it's an evolution for us as well.""
Gilg says AI will help SAP grow as it changes its business model. For example, it's moving from some subscription models to consumption-based models, meaning customers pay for what they use. The market has been shifting toward this pricing model, especially as high AI usage can drive up costs.
""What outcome are they driving?"" Gilg said. ""That's how we charge the consumption of those agents, which is very transparent to customers. Also, it's much easier to justify why they would actually pay for it. That's the current model many are following.""
SAP still has a large subscription business, and many large customers use a hybrid model between subscription and consumption-based pricing.
This year, SAP acquired Prior Labs, Reltio, and Dremio to boost its AI and data capabilities. Across the industry, Gilg expects to see a wave of acquisitions, especially with more AI-native startups and talent coming out of these companies.
""There's going to be a camp of losers and winners,"" Gilg said. ""We have seen valuations go down quite significantly. That's an opportunity and interest for companies like that to look at wide spaces.""
Gilg says SAP will also consider this if it makes sense for its business, though it would avoid companies that can be easily replaced by AI. If it's costly and time-consuming to switch from that software, customers are less likely to replace it with an AI-built application, Gilg said.
""I do see that there will certainly be a level of consolidation from my perspective, especially with vendors focused on single products,"" Gilg said. ""Maybe niche areas, like legal contract management. Those are spaces that probably will be disrupted quite significantly.""
Have a tip? Contact this reporter via email at rmchan@businessinsider.com, or Signal at rosal.13. Use a personal email address, a nonwork WiFi network, and a nonwork device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
5,2026-09-05,"Target-date funds are astoundingly popular, especially among younger investors.
According to Fidelity data, 81% of Gen Z investors have all of their 401(k) balance in target-date funds as of Q2 this year. For millennials, it's 70%. Total assets under management in the funds grew to a massive $4.8 trillion in 2025, according to Morningstar.
It's easy to see why the investment vehicles are so commonly used. Besides the fact that they're the default option for many workers who enroll in their employers' savings plans, they're a convenient set-it-and-forget-it approach to retirement investing. The fund auto-allocates your investments to stocks and bonds as you approach retirement to ensure you're taking on an appropriate level of risk.
But speaking with Business Insider last month, Bill Bengen, the creator of the famed 4% rule for retirement savings, criticized the funds, and said investors would be better off using other approaches.
His argument essentially boiled down to the assumptions on risk that target-date funds make. They're far too conservative for his liking.
""I don't believe in the target-date concept,"" Bengen said. ""I think it creates poor allocations for retirees.""
Let's dive more into the nuts and bolts of target-date funds and their potential pros and cons, and why Bengen thinks there's a better approach for investors.
When deciding to go into a target-date fund, you choose a year that is likely to generally line up with your retirement age.
For example, someone starting work today at 22 who might expect to work until age 67 would retire around 2071. So, they might choose a 2070 target-date fund like the Vanguard Target Retirement 2070 Fund (VSVNX) or the Fidelity Freedom Index 2070 Fund (FRBVX).
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
The funds will then allocate roughly 90% of your money to US and non-US stocks, with the remainder in bonds.
As you get closer to your target retirement date, the fund will reduce its stock exposure and increase its bond allocation to preserve capital and dial back risk. Bonds are generally less risky than stocks, though they tend to offer smaller average returns.
At the retirement date, the fund ends up with a 50% allocation to stocks and has 50% in bonds. The fund then gets even more conservative: several years after the target date, it eventually ends up putting 70% of your money into bonds and just 30% into stocks.
For Bengen, it's simply far too small an allocation to stocks, especially as people live longer and retirement years stretch on into decades.
Bengen's preferred allocation for retirees is 65% stocks and 35% bonds. Given recent stock outperformance, retirees can safely withdrawal 4.7% of their portfolios per year, he said, and that money should last you around 30-35 years, if not longer. Pre-retirees should have a 100% allocation to stocks, he said.
""Retirees need returns almost as much as pre-retirees do,"" Bengen said. ""You shouldn't be afraid of committing 65% stocks, which for some people sounds very high, but it's what you need to do if you're really going to get the maximum out of your retirement savings.""
Another criticism Bengen has of target-date funds is that they sell indiscriminately at a pre-determined date, ignoring the context of market conditions.
For example, if you were approaching retirement and stock valuations were at historically high levels, you would want to reduce your exposure sooner rather than later, he said. But if a crash just happened and valuations are cheap, you probably wouldn't want to sell at the bottom.
It's an observation shared by Pam Krueger, the founder of Wealthramp, which pairs investors with fee-only financial advisors.
Krueger said that while target-date funds will get the job done for most people in the end, especially if they don't want to manage money, it's not a tool that can be exact in meeting one's needs.
""It's clunky,"" she told Business Insider. ""It's not going to be precise.""
Despite the criticisms, target-date funds aren't necessarily bad options. They get an investor to retirement age with a sizeable allocation to stocks most of the way. If a retiree then wants to be more aggressive with their approach, they can change their strategy.
For investors who do want to take an alternative route, there are a few other options.
One of them, of course, is hiring someone to manage your money for you. While that costs money every year, it may help you generate better returns that can offset that cost.
There are also what are called ""lifestyle funds"" from the big asset managers. They essentially keep you at a fixed allocation to stocks and bonds, and rebalance automatically.
For example, the Vanguard LifeStrategy 60/40 Fund (VSMGX) keeps you at an allocation of 60% stocks and 40% bonds. For those that want to take on more risk in stocks, there are more aggressive funds like the BlackRock 80/20 Target Allocation Fund (BAAPX).
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
6,2026-09-05,"When the central bank of the Netherlands confirmed this week that it had moved tonnes of the country's gold out of North America, it said the relocation would make it ""better prepared for severe crises"".
Some 86 tonnes from the combined total of about 313 tonnes held in the US and Canada were relocated to London ""in view of increasing geopolitical unrest"", it said,  so the shiny stuff could be ""readily available for use in a crisis situation"".
Questions were bound to follow. Why were the Dutch doing this? Were they anticipating some major economic shock on the horizon?
It seems not, but the move was clearly in response to the unstable and uncertain state the world finds itself in, with trade and military wars prompting countries to take precautions and hold their gold closer to home.
Earlier this year, France announced it had removed its gold reserves from the US to home shores. Meanwhile, Germany's Bundesbank transferred more than 216 tonnes of the metal from storage locations abroad - 111 tonnes from New York and 105 tonnes from Paris - over a few years ending in 2016., external
It is a strategy which has played out before in times of global instability. ""Some European central banks moved part of their gold holdings to New York during the Cold War,"" said research analysts Lina Thomas and Daan Struyven of Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Cavatoni, senior market strategist at the World Gold Council, told the BBC while wars and trade tensions were ""playing into some of these decisions"", it didn't ""top the list"" of motivating factors.
Inflation, interest rates and just having gold in a place where it can be traded quickly also played a role.
""I don't get a sense that there's an impending doom,"" Cavatoni said, ""but what I do think is people are being better educated around how to manage their reserve assets, growing their reserve assets, and actually thinking more effectively around how to make the most of those assets.""
De Nederlandsche Bank said the gold removed from the US and Canada between March and August this year was now being held in the vaults of the Bank of England.
""We expect that we will never need to use them, but we do need to strengthen our resilience and preparedness,"" said the governor of the Dutch central bank, Olaf Sleijpen.
London was seen as the best choice due its position in the world as a major trading centre. If you want to be able to buy or sell gold fast in a crisis, London is the place to be, which makes the Bank of England a popular storage spot.
The Bank of England in London holds a lot of gold bars in its vaults
The Bank is one of the largest custodians of gold in the world. Underneath the 300-year-old institution in central London sit about 400,000 bars worth more than Â£200bn.
According to industry surveys by the World Gold Council, the Bank of England remains the most popular vaulting location, but central banks are increasingly diversifying where they store the precious metal.
Where to store your country's gold is ""increasingly top of mind for reserve managers"", according to Thomas and Struyven of Goldman Sachs.
In the modern world, there are many ways to shift your treasure around. The Dutch sold about 59 tonnes in New York and then bought more stocks in London, meaning that amount didn't need to be hauled across the Atlantic. 
But more than 27 tonnes were ""physically transferred"" from the US and Canada to the Dutch town of Zeist. A similar quantity was also sent from Zeist to London.
Companies that perform such services are tight-lipped on how operations are carried out, but it's fair to say the security measures and planning are extensive to avoid the risk of a real-life Italian Job.
Cavatoni, of the World Gold Council, said one standard approach to move gold stocks was to sell the commodity in one place and buy it in another. ""Let's say I want my gold in New York and I have it in London. I could sell it in London, buy it in New York, same day, same time, effectively book transfer without actually having to put it on any other logistical change.""
There are only a few select companies which handle gold shipments across borders, one of which is Brink's Global Services, who told the BBC it had seen ""increased demand"" from the likes of central banks in recent times.
""Heightened geopolitical and economic uncertainty, along with gold's growing role as a strategic reserve asset, appear to be contributing to this trend,"" said Nader Antar, Brink's executive vice president.
The reason gold storage is such a topic in the minds of central banks is because they have been increasingly buying the stuff. But storing it at home comes at a cost, said Thomas and Struyven of Goldman Sachs.
""Domestic storage requires investment in physical security, audit infrastructure, and insurance; costs that can be disproportionate for smaller central banks,"" they said.
Over the past four years, central banks have accumulated an annual average of 1,000 tonnes of gold, up significantly from the 500 tonnes average over the preceding decade, according to the World Gold Council. 
The trend stretches back to the global financial crisis. And that is only expected to go up in the next year.
Gold has been having a moment in recent years. Its price has surged to hit a series of record highs, passing $5,000 an ounce in January.
There are several reasons behind its value jumping, but a major factor has been the precious metal's position in the human psyche as a so-called safe haven asset, to invest during periods of financial and geopolitical turmoil caused through trade and military wars.
Inflation and interest rates also influence gold's popularity. Due to the commodity's scarcity and the value placed on it across thousands of years, it is somewhat resistant against rising prices, and so is seen as a good investment. 
""Over the past half-century, gold prices have risen much faster than the Consumer Price Index (CPI) - the most closely watched measure of inflation,"" according to investment bank Charles Schwab.
While the price of gold has fallen from the record high seen early this year, it still remains at a high level historically.
According to researchers at Goldman, the price is forecast to rise to $4,900 (Â£3,624) per troy ounce by the end of 2026, $300 more than it was in August. 
The demand for gold from central banks is one key reason why prices are surging, according to Thomas and Struyven.
Gold is booming - but investors lured in by the hype could lose out, warn experts
Gold tops $5,000 for first time ever, adding to historic rally
Watch our pick of standout clips from across the BBC
US envoys meet Putin in Moscow for Ukraine talks
Disruption at Port of Dover due to 'stop the boats' protest
Nigel Farage tells BBC he 'wasn't listening' during foreign donor talks filmed undercover
Why more women carry the 'mental load' - and how couples can share it
Natalie Imbruglia on her worst audition: 'I remember feeling icky'
The next James Bond: the (00)7 questions fans want answered
Majority Russian-speaking city in Ukraine considers language ban in the arts
Why Munya Chawawa is 'jumping ship' from socials to Shakespeare
Lindsay Clancy murder trial has divided US on whether she's victim or criminal
Michael Owen doesn't tell his children he loves them - how big a deal is that?
I brushed off my sore throat as a hangover, but it turned into sepsis
US Politics Unspun: Cut through the noise with Anthony Zurcher's newsletter
Inside Ella Tooneâs life on and off the pitch
How do electric fish make electricity?
Imagine a world where no one has heard of The Beatles
Why thousands of grieving families are still fighting for answers
TV presenter among 11 sentenced to death in Egypt drugs case
Britain 'taxing itself to death' and 'Some Might Stray'
The next James Bond: the (00)7 questions fans want answered
Major disruption as grass fire halts all trains to Heathrow Airport
US envoys meet Putin in Moscow for Ukraine talks
Nigel Farage tells BBC he 'wasn't listening' during foreign donor talks filmed undercover
Prince William to attend King Harald's funeral in Norway
Why more women carry the 'mental load' - and how couples can share it
Disruption at Port of Dover due to 'stop the boats' protest
Majority Russian-speaking city in Ukraine considers language ban in the arts
Copyright Â© 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking."
7,2026-09-05,"While Watches and Wonders every April is undoubtedly the watch world's main event of the year, Geneva Watch Days—which inauspiciously launched in 2020, the year Covid was declared a pandemic—is now establishing itself as a serious follow-up. Big brands can hold back key releases and gain valuable space to shout about new pieces away from the horological hubbub of W&W.
A second bite of the marketing apple in the latter half of the year seems like a good idea, as Swiss watch exports declined again in 2025 after a drop in 2024. However, despite America's tariff seesaw, the US is still by far the single largest market for Swiss watches. And, more positively for watch fans, signs suggest the industry downturn could be over.
Here are WIRED's picks of the best watches that dropped this week.
Inspired by the 1960s Breitling Navitimer 806 Mk5 worn by none other than Miles Davis, this manual-wind B09 with a display caseback takes cues from the original beyond the manual winding: the Twin Jet logo, reverse-panda dial, faux-aged cream-colored lume, and the original 41-mm dimensions. The pitch is that you get what made the 806 Mk5 great but with a modern overhaul. This model is limited to 500 pieces: You could go for the stainless steel on calf leather strap for $8,900, but we think you'd be kind of blue (sorry) to miss the superb bracelet model, complete with round vents, for $9,600.
Not part of Geneva Watch Days, here's something genuinely new from Casio's G-Shock line that's leaked and could break the internet. The GAC-2500 series is a resin analog lineup supposedly built from the DNA of the DW-5000C, the very first G-Shock made back in 1983. But that's not the real story of this piece. Much like the famous “CasiOak” that many G-Shock fans love for its passing resemblance to Audemars Piguet's Royal Oak, this GAC-2500 series has more than a whiff of Patek Philippe’s Nautilus about it.
So far, nicknames like “CasioNaut” and “CasioTilus” are being thrown around. Leaks suggest four resin colors at launch in November—white, black, green, and yellow—and the price is rumored to be 20,900 Japanese yen (about $134) each. There might be stainless-steel versions too—the GMC-2500D series, going for about $320.
Following Miss Piggy and Kermit editions, Oris clearly feels it's on to a winning formula with Muppets collaborations. This one is more interesting than the solid pink-and-green colors of the previous dalliances. The Gonzo is a reworking of Oris' ProPilot X but with subtle, classy nods to Gonzo the Great that chime perfectly with the subtle, classy performance art that is his trademark. While the showman himself appears on the watch’s mainspring, at 11 o’clock, the thumping 10-day power reserve indicator is a red chili, inspired by one of Gonzo’s favorite shirts. Such subtlety comes at a cost, however, as at $10,500, the Gonzo is twice the price of a Kermit.
A volume play from Zenith, and a good one. Bringing its famed El Primero movement to a cheaper—sorry, “more accessible”—price, the Solo Sport is a 40-mm steel diver watch, not a chronograph, with 200 meters of water resistance and a unidirectional rotating ceramic bezel. The black ceramic dial reveals the movement's capabilities, with a high-frequency pattern and “Shark tooth” minute track, showcasing the caliber’s prize feature: 5 Hz or 36,000 vph (vibrations per hour). You can grab this for $10,900 with a date window, but those in the know will get the cleaner no-date for $9,800.
Not physically at Geneva Watch Days either, Swatch Group's Hamilton decided to crash the party and release an upgraded version of its successful Interstellar Murph timepiece. Dialing up the model's association with Christopher Nolan's classic sci-fi film, Hamilton has added a version to its collection with a dappled “comet-inspired” face where the blue center is intended to reflect the glow of ionized gases in space. Whether you understand this cosmic connection is immaterial when the outcome is this pleasing. Sensibly, Hamilton has chosen to release the new Murph in the preferred 38-mm sizing at $995.
More comets? Yes indeed. Founded in 2017 by designer and photographer Ming Thein, this independent watch brand is known for a winning blend of refined aesthetics and innovative engineering. Here, this 40-mm stainless-steel worldtimer features a first-of-its-kind, patent-pending system for adjusting the time to account for daylight saving. Borrowing its name from the de Havilland Comet, the world’s first commercial jet airliner, the watch's split bezel divides cities according to whether they observe daylight saving. Those that don’t are fixed on the inner bezel, but the ones that do are on the outer ring. Rotating this outer bezel advances only the affected cities by one hour. Clever.
The limited run of 200 pieces has already been snapped up, but you can register online for future availability. If you get lucky, shun the $9,750 leather strap model for the $10,875 Polymesh bracelet version.
Another no-show at Geneva Watch Days was this new piece from Tudor. Well, not new exactly. After discontinuing the North Flag as recently as 2021, Tudor is bringing it back. Originally launched in 2015 at Baselworld, the North Flag was the first Tudor to boast one of the company's in-house movements. The new 40-mm “reissue” (now Northflag, not North Flag) sports a 24-hour hand for a second time zone. Water resistance is a respectable 100 meters, and there's a display caseback, too. Inside is Tudor's 4-Hz METAS-certified automatic movement. The uncluttered, functional black dial with yellow seconds and 24-hour hands is nicely contrasted by blue lume for the hands and markers. This watch, plus an integrated bracelet with Tudor's T-Fit micro-adjustment in the clasp, goes for $5,525.
Bulgari's multi-award-winning watch line now stars the “Dazzle,” an 80-piece limited-edition, super-thin Octo Finissimo built around the brand's 40-mm sandblasted titanium case. Despite its slender proportions, the watch manages a 60-hour power reserve. However, the highlight is the laser-engraved pattern on the case and bracelet, which looks more like it belongs in the world of Minecraft than horology. The geometric pattern is actually based upon “dazzle camouflage” devised by British zoologist John Graham Kerr, who proposed (to Winston Churchill, no less, in 1914) that the disruptive design would, much like zebra stripes, break up the perceived outline of ships at sea. Bulgari's Octo “Dazzle” will set you back $18,300.
The resurrection of Gallet, 200 years after its foundation in La Chaux-de-Fonds, completes Breitling's “House of Brands,” with Breitling taking on the center ground of the Swiss luxury watch market, Universal Genève going high-end, and now the relaunched Gallet slipping in below them both. The first model from the much-anticipated Gallet revival is the Flying Officer, and it's landing in two variations: the Flying Officer Chronograph 40 and the Flying Officer Automatic 40. The 40-mm chrono in light blue at $4,400 would be our pick, along with the orange Automatic 40 at $2,900.
Never a brand to shy away from doing something more than a little “out there,” Hublot has given its iconic Big Bang Original a new feel with a fabric makeover thanks to a velvet-like rubber invention. Two Soft Touch models see the case, bezel, dial, and strap wrapped in a specially developed textured rubber compound. Created through an overmolding process, the unique microscopic surface structure is composed of thousands of fine micro-elements, creating softness to the touch while supposedly keeping the durability and resistance of Hublot's signature rubber. The 43-mm model comes in black, but the red at $29,000 is tantalizing.
In your inbox: WIRED's most ambitious, future-defining stories
AI slop backlash is actually having an impact
Big Story: The cop who took on Flock
The rise of the 1am job interview
Watch: I stole a car by hacking this hidden device
10% Off Canon Promo Code + Up to 30% Off
Best Verizon Smartphone Deals
AT&T Top Deals: Wireless, Internet, Bundles and More!
Take Up to 25% Off Custom Prints with VistaPrint Promo Code
Save With a Peacock Promo Code: 3 Months Free
Squarespace Discount: 30% Off All Plans
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2026 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
8,2026-09-05,"For young investors, the line between investing and gambling has never been easier to blur.
You can place a bet or make a trade on the same device, and almost instantaneously know exactly where you stand. A recent survey from financial services firm Betterment inspired a flurry of headlines about how 26% of Gen Z investors view sports betting as a legitimate part of their long-term financial strategy.
Even more alarming, 52% of Gen Z investors told Betterment that they'd redirected money intended for long-term investments toward sports betting.
The survey included just 250 Gen Z respondents, so its findings only go so far. But that doesn't mean it isn't pointing to a real phenomenon, said Daniel Crosby, a psychologist who helps financial advisors understand how psychology affects financial decision-making.
""There's clearly a larger issue here,"" he said, even if he wasn't sure if 26% of people under 29 even have a ""long-term financial strategy.""
Since it was legalized in 2018, US sports betting has grown from $6.6 billion to nearly $167 billion in 2025, according to the American Gaming Association. The same time period has also seen the rise of retail investors taking increasingly risky trades as access to esoteric financial instruments becomes as easy as opening your smartphone.
The confusion for the Gen Z investor who's been raised with both is that ""they run on the same machinery,"" said Crosby, who is the chief behavioral officer at wealth tech company Orion Advisor Solutions.
""What unites sports betting apps, options, crypto, and meme stocks isn't their legal wrapper but the reward structure underneath: rapid feedback, variable outcomes, and a scoreboard you can check any moment,"" Crosby said. ""The product changes from a same-game parlay to a call option on a meme stock; the behavioral reward is remarkably similar.""
This is no accident, and the migration between gambling and trading was ""accelerated by the apps themselves,"" said Crosby. Robinhood's design choices, including confetti animations and scratch-off stock rewards, have earned criticism from the House Financial Services Committee and a $7.5 million fine from the Massachusetts securities regulator.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
And while it's important to ""address the design, not just the discipline,"" he said, Crosby gave some tips to help investors identify if they're crossing the line from investing to gambling.
First, it's important to define the terms. An investor asks what an asset is worth, a trader asks when to buy and sell an asset, and a speculator asks which direction an asset is going to go next, Crosby said.
""A bettor asks only what happens next; that's a question stripped of any reference to underlying value,"" he said.
If you're worried, don't focus on dollar amounts, which can be ""poor predictors,"" said Crosby.
The most ""reliable"" sign that someone is moving from investing to gambling, or toward problem gambling, is that they are escalating the size, frequency, or intensity of their trades, Crosby said.
""Loss chasing,"" or following a loss ""with an urge to make the position bigger rather than smaller,"" is one of ""the better predictors of eventual serious harm,"" he said.
The shift is gradual and rarely surfaces through someone admitting they have a problem, but instead through ""rationalizations,"" said Crosby, such as these:
Crosby also gave two ""self-checks"" that someone can use to evaluate their own behavior: ""Am I making the position bigger after a loss? Can I defend this on what it's worth, not what it might do next week?""
The single most impactful change one can make is to change how often they gamble.
""Checking frequency measurably warps risk perception — someone seeing green or red daily experiences the same volatility very differently than someone checking quarterly, and is likelier to treat short-term noise as long-term meaning,"" Crosby said.
It's also important to normalize that gambling has a pull, instead of shaming it. After all, in ""different arenas"" sports stars like Pete Rose, Michael Jordan, and Phil Mickelson all felt the 'same pull,"" he said
""The thrill is the anticipation, not the win or loss; the moment before the outcome is revealed is often more exciting than the outcome itself,"" he said.
Even I, the author of this article, a very occasional sportsbook user, casual sports fan, and extremely boring index investor, felt the escalation firsthand when I was reporting a story this summer about how to gamble responsibly during the World Cup. Curiosity led to one, then two, then more bets, and by the end of the Cup, I was placing multiple bets on each match, even dipping my toes into same-game parlays and other higher-stakes plays.
Luckily, I stuck to my budget, and of the $100 I deposited during the Cup, $56.21 remains. (Don't ask me how high it got, please). I haven't touched it since the Cup ended, but MLB Playoffs are coming up soon, and I might be feeling that pull again.
Do you invest and gamble? Do you have a story to tell, or an informed opinion on the overlap between investing, trading, and gambling? Reach out to Alex via encrypted messaging app Signal at @alexnicoll.01 using a non-work phone, email at anicoll@businessinsider.com or alexonicoll@protonmail.com, or Twitter DM at @nicollsanddimes.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
9,2026-09-05,"Rents have moved in opposite directions across major US cities since mid-2023, and changes in where Americans are moving and how much those cities built in response could explain why.
Cities like New York and Chicago have seen their rents rise, while others, like Austin, have seen them fall by around 8%, according to a study by Aziz Sunderji, founder of Home Economics, a publication about the US housing market.
Sunderji found that increases in supply in expensive markets with decreased inflows of new residents pushed rents down, while the local labor market, as measured by remote work and tech, had the least impact. That drop in rents could reflect what Sunderji called a ""timing mistake by developers,"" who responded to early demand surges without knowing it would calm down and result in excess inventory, he said.
Austin rents have fallen about 8% since mid-2023. Migration to Austin from other parts of the US fell between 2021 and 2024, slowing housing demand. Meanwhile, many residential buildings — with permits approved from 2021 to 2023 during a demand boom — began to flood the market, increasing supply. The study suggests that a mismatch led to the decrease in rents. In addition, rents also weakened more in areas where prices had risen unusually high relative to local incomes and their historical norms.
Sunderji said that ""Austin is the extreme case on every part of the combination, but the combination is general.""
The migration slowdown does not mean these areas lost people; ""they only stopped gaining them as fast,"" Sunderji said, causing those demand surges to slow.
The decrease in Austin roughly doubled San Antonio's 4% decline, the city with the second-biggest rent price decline among the 21 cities he measured. The metros that saw rent declines — Austin, San Antonio, Denver, Phoenix, Dallas — all experienced high rent valuations and a deceleration in migration, except Denver, said Sunderji.
US cities facing rising rents and a high cost of living have been searching for policies to lower housing costs. New York City, for example, passed a rent freeze for rent-stabilized apartments, and NYC Mayor Zohran Mamdani's Block-by-Block plan plans to build 200,000 affordable homes over the next decade. Yet, Sunderji said the factors that may have brought down rents in Austin, for example, were not policy-engineered.
Developers responded to a surge in demand that ""they could not know would stop, and are now sitting on excess inventory with compressed margins, offering concessions and rate buydowns to move it,"" he said. ""Engineering that is neither possible nor desirable; you cannot plan a cycle,"" he said.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
By contrast, the three metros with the strongest rent growth since mid-2023 — New York, San Francisco, and Chicago — had home valuations near historical norms, while fewer residents moved away to other parts of the country.
Sunderji also looked into how rents were influenced by places with warm winters and the number of remote and tech workers in the cities. Remote work and tech jobs had the least impact on lowering rents, given that New York, San Francisco, Seattle, and Boston have high levels of tech and remote workers and saw large rent increases.
The warm-winter factor served as a ""proxy,"" shedding light on the general trend of most people moving toward warmer places, thereby affecting migration inflows in certain areas. Yet weather patterns did not play a major role in the study, said Sunderji.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
10,2026-09-05,"During Naomi Osaka's match against Anastasia Zakharova at this year's US Open earlier this week, a gaggle of ring light-wielding influencers who were packed in a luxury suite became enough of a distraction that the umpire paused the match and repeatedly asked…"
11,2026-09-05,"Nvidia pays big for Hugging Face, bond yields continue to rise, and Kalshi and the NBA give two big cheaters the boot.
Choose your preferred player:
For questions about subscriptions or your Slate Plus feed, check our FAQ.
Please enable javascript to get your Slate Plus feeds.
If you can't access your feeds, please contact customer support.
Thanks! Check your phone for a link to finish setting up your feed.
Please enter a valid phone number.
Listen on your phone:RECOMMENDED
Enter your phone number and we'll text you a link to set up the
        podcast in your app:
We'll only text you about setting up this podcast, no spam.
Listen on your computer:
Apple Podcasts will only work on MacOS operating systems since Catalina. We do not support Android apps on desktop at this time.
Listen on your device:RECOMMENDED
These links will only work if you're on the device you listen to podcasts on.
Set up
          manually:

How does this work?


We are showing you options for a computer but if you're on a phone or tablet
We are showing you options for a phone or a tablet but if you're on a computer,
          click here. If you still have questions about subscriptions or your Slate Plus Feed,  check our FAQ.

Loading...
We're sorry, but something went wrong while fetching your podcast feeds. Please contact us at plus@slate.com for help.
This week: Nvidia joined Silicon Valley’s A.I. investment frenzy and bought Hugging Face for $12.93 billion. Felix Salmon, Elizabeth Spiers, and Emily Peck discuss what this deal signals about the astounding amounts of money being thrown around the relatively niche market of A.I. investment. Then, bond yields are on the rise and the hosts discuss why global concern is rising with them. And finally, what do George Santos and Steve Ballmer have in common? Felix will explain.
In the Slate Plus episode: The $500 A.I.-powered Mouth Camera.
Podcast production by Jessamine Molli.
Want to hear that discussion and hear more Slate Money? Join Slate Plus to unlock weekly bonus episodes. Plus, you’ll access ad-free listening across all your favorite Slate podcasts. You can subscribe directly from the Slate Money show page on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Or, visit slate.com/moneyplus to get access wherever you listen.
Dyson goes all Dyson on the toothbrush.
A weekly roundup of the most important stories from the worlds of business and finance, hosted by Felix Salmon, Emily Peck, and Elizabeth Spiers.
Emily Peck  is the co-host of Slate Money and a markets correspondent for Axios.
Felix Salmon is a host of the Slate Money podcast.
Elizabeth Spiers is Slate’s Pay Dirt columnist. She was the founding editor of Gawker and the former editor in chief of the New York Observer. Prior to Gawker, she was a financial analyst.
Slate is published by The Slate
          Group, a Graham Holdings Company.
All contents ©
        2026
        The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved."
12,2026-09-05,"Beijing's stock market is the first to watch a full AI capex cycle arrive in reported profit, and Europe has not started spending yet
Graph showing rising profits with stacked coins on table
Profits at onshore-listed Chinese companies rose 25.7% in the three months to June, the fastest in nearly five years and heavily concentrated in AI-linked firms. The CSI 300 has fallen about 9% this quarter and the tech-heavy Star 50 has dropped 29%, as investors began treating AI spending as a cost rather than a promise.
Profits at onshore-listed Chinese companies rose 25.7% in the three months to June, the fastest pace in nearly five years. The CSI 300 Index has fallen about 9% this quarter, Bloomberg News reported.
The tech-heavy Star 50 Index has dropped 29% over the same period. Both had run hard in the quarter before, with the Star 50 up 76%.
The earnings were narrow. UBS Securities puts profit growth at 42% on the ChiNext board and 370% on the Star board, far ahead of the main board.
So the growth came from AI-linked companies, and the market sold them anyway. Much of the optimism was already in the price.
Alibaba fell in Hong Kong after reporting higher revenue and sharply lower profit, which it put down to the cost of AI projects and computing infrastructure. It is raising $10.2bn to spend on the same thing.
Tencent weakened after more than doubling its AI spending. Neither result was bad on its own terms.
TNW reported in August that Tencent’s capital spending rose 176% to 52.8 billion yuan while free cash flow turned negative by 13.8 billion.
“Strong numbers no longer work for tech,” said Vey-Sern Ling, a managing director at Union Bancaire Privee. He cited uncertainty over AI investment, unclear return on investment and rising financing costs.
Part of the picture is domestic. Demand is weak, property remains in a long downturn, and a stronger yuan produced 107 billion yuan of exchange losses at non-financial A-share companies in the first half.
New listings are also draining liquidity from stocks that have already run, with Yangtze Memory among the offerings still to come. Tax enforcement has tightened as well.
The AI part is not domestic. TNW has been tracking the same arithmetic in Big Tech’s cash flow, but China is the first large market to watch a full capex cycle arrive in reported profit and mark it down.
Europe sits at the other end of that cycle. Its spending has not been made yet, let alone reported, and its exposure runs through the supply chain rather than through operators.
The Commission has committed EUR 20B to AI gigafactories, drawing 77 proposals across 16 member states and 60 sites, with construction of the first planned for 2027. Europe will learn what the money does to its numbers several years after Shanghai did.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
13,2026-09-05,"This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with Kymberly McClain, a 45-year-old who lives in Las Vegas. She previously worked at a small nonprofit until resigning in 2024. The following has been edited for length and clarity.
Two years ago, I was working as a deputy director at a small nonprofit in California focused on providing resources for the homeless population.
After some leadership changes, I didn't feel like I had the support I needed. In August 2024, I resigned.
When I started looking for a new job, I was so confident. I'd gained experience and felt like I'd parted ways on good terms, even getting a letter of recommendation.
I thought I was going to slide into another role. Instead, I struggled to find work for nearly two years.
When I started looking, I was applying for deputy director, program manager, case manager, and other social service roles.
I used LinkedIn, Indeed, ZipRecruiter, CareerBuilder, and other job sites. I sought out résumé help because I had been out of the job market for a few years and didn't know what had changed.
September, October, November, and December went by, and nothing happened.
As the search continued, I started broadening the scope of the types of jobs I was applying for. I went from thinking I could easily land another deputy director job to applying for retail jobs at places like Burlington Coat Factory. I was willing to take anything.
Create a BI Job Scout and get opportunities matched to your goals.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
Jacob Zinkula writes about how workers in tech and other industries are navigating their careers. Share your story with him by filling out this form, emailing him, or reaching out via Signal at jzinkula.29. Follow his work by clicking here.
LinkedIn was probably the platform I used most during the first six months of my search.
I went to LinkedIn training sessions about how to get a job and read up on interview tips. At one point, I was applying to multiple jobs a day and changing my résumé for each one. I would research the company and position before applying.
But I wasn't having any luck. I remember seeing comments from other people on LinkedIn asking whether anyone else was having trouble finding a job or getting employers to respond.
As the rejections piled up, I started questioning everything. Was it my race? My age? My lack of a college education? I even wondered whether I was on somebody's list of people not to hire. I had never imagined that I would be without a job for this long.
After about a year of searching, I was exhausted by the rejection. I started pulling back from my job search and eventually deleted my LinkedIn account out of frustration. I thought, What's the point?
My job search took a toll on my finances, and I had to apply for government assistance. For a while, I went back and forth between staying with a friend in California and with family in Las Vegas while I tried to figure things out. Eventually, I moved in with my family members in Las Vegas.
Eventually, I felt like I needed to contribute financially to the household. I had to choose between helping my family and paying for the storage unit I'd stored my belongings in when I moved, so I gave up the unit and lost the belongings in it.
When I wasn't looking for work, I focused more of my time on a nonprofit I'd founded years earlier, based partly on my own experiences navigating the social services system. It helps people experiencing homelessness and domestic violence survivors navigate housing and other resources.
It wasn't generating income, but I needed to feel like I was doing something productive.
Earlier this year, I gave the job market another try. I applied for several healthcare billing roles, but I was rejected from all of them.
Then, my daughter sent me a link to a remote customer-service job. I completed an assessment, went through the process, and got a yes.
It's a full-time customer-service call center job. It pays significantly less than I made in my prior role, but after being out of work for so long, I'm just excited somebody said yes. When I got the offer, I thought, Okay, I'm not blackballed from the job market.
I'm still not sure what the future holds, but I plan to keep working on my nonprofit while I work this new job.
My advice to other job seekers is to have faith in closed doors. Sometimes rejection is redirection, and sometimes it's the push you need to build something of your own.
Do you have a story to share? Reach out to the reporter via email at jzinkula@businessinsider.com, or via Signal at jzinkula.29.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
14,2026-09-05,"Edelweiss Mutual Fund will launch Altiva Equity Long Short Fund on September 10, targeting consistent large-cap alpha through derivatives. The strategy seeks Nifty 100 outperformance, lower drawdowns and steadier returns, while potentially sacrificing some gains during sharp market rallies.
Edelweiss’ new Altiva fund combines large-cap equities and derivatives to pursue consistent alpha, lower volatility and improved downside protection across market cycles.
Best MF to invest
 Looking for the best mutual funds to invest? Here are our recommendations.

Altiva's next fund (Equity Long Short) in 4 slides.The solution: consistent large cap alpha through income oriented derivatives (not stock picking). pic.twitter.com/xnxuffWTQC
(Catch all the Mutual Fund News, Breaking News, Budget 2024 Events and Latest News Updates on The Economic Times.)
Subscribe to The Economic Times Prime and read the ET ePaper online.
(Catch all the Mutual Fund News, Breaking News, Budget 2024 Events and Latest News Updates on The Economic Times.)
Subscribe to The Economic Times Prime and read the ET ePaper online.

An old India Inc habit: Ignore the nudge, wait for the stick
Season of change in accounting policy: A simple AI prompt can tell you a lot
Is crude oil becoming a financial problem?
Patent Cliff approaching: Can Indian pharma companies repeat past success?
Q1 investment numbers look stellar, but are we celebrating too early?
ET Prime special: Bigger, Better or Both? Understanding business to figure out the mystery: Power Grid Corp – Part 1
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Prime Articles
Top Slideshow
Top Story Listing
Private Companies
Top Definitions
Most Searched IFSC Codes
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime









                 Connect with an ETPrime expert for personalized support and guidance
                
What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
15,2026-09-05,"This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with Kymberly McClain, a 45-year-old who lives in Las Vegas. She previously worked at a small nonprofit until resigning in 2024. The following has been edited for length and clarity.
Two years ago, I was working as a deputy director at a small nonprofit in California focused on providing resources for the homeless population.
After some leadership changes, I didn't feel like I had the support I needed. In August 2024, I resigned.
When I started looking for a new job, I was so confident. I'd gained experience and felt like I'd parted ways on good terms, even getting a letter of recommendation.
I thought I was going to slide into another role. Instead, I struggled to find work for nearly two years.
When I started looking, I was applying for deputy director, program manager, case manager, and other social service roles.
I used LinkedIn, Indeed, ZipRecruiter, CareerBuilder, and other job sites. I sought out résumé help because I had been out of the job market for a few years and didn't know what had changed.
September, October, November, and December went by, and nothing happened.
As the search continued, I started broadening the scope of the types of jobs I was applying for. I went from thinking I could easily land another deputy director job to applying for retail jobs at places like Burlington Coat Factory. I was willing to take anything.
Create a BI Job Scout and get opportunities matched to your goals.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
Jacob Zinkula writes about how workers in tech and other industries are navigating their careers. Share your story with him by filling out this form, emailing him, or reaching out via Signal at jzinkula.29. Follow his work by clicking here.
LinkedIn was probably the platform I used most during the first six months of my search.
I went to LinkedIn training sessions about how to get a job and read up on interview tips. At one point, I was applying to multiple jobs a day and changing my résumé for each one. I would research the company and position before applying.
But I wasn't having any luck. I remember seeing comments from other people on LinkedIn asking whether anyone else was having trouble finding a job or getting employers to respond.
As the rejections piled up, I started questioning everything. Was it my race? My age? My lack of a college education? I even wondered whether I was on somebody's list of people not to hire. I had never imagined that I would be without a job for this long.
After about a year of searching, I was exhausted by the rejection. I started pulling back from my job search and eventually deleted my LinkedIn account out of frustration. I thought, What's the point?
My job search took a toll on my finances, and I had to apply for government assistance. For a while, I went back and forth between staying with a friend in California and with family in Las Vegas while I tried to figure things out. Eventually, I moved in with my family members in Las Vegas.
Eventually, I felt like I needed to contribute financially to the household. I had to choose between helping my family and paying for the storage unit I'd stored my belongings in when I moved, so I gave up the unit and lost the belongings in it.
When I wasn't looking for work, I focused more of my time on a nonprofit I'd founded years earlier, based partly on my own experiences navigating the social services system. It helps people experiencing homelessness and domestic violence survivors navigate housing and other resources.
It wasn't generating income, but I needed to feel like I was doing something productive.
Earlier this year, I gave the job market another try. I applied for several healthcare billing roles, but I was rejected from all of them.
Then, my daughter sent me a link to a remote customer-service job. I completed an assessment, went through the process, and got a yes.
It's a full-time customer-service call center job. It pays significantly less than I made in my prior role, but after being out of work for so long, I'm just excited somebody said yes. When I got the offer, I thought, Okay, I'm not blackballed from the job market.
I'm still not sure what the future holds, but I plan to keep working on my nonprofit while I work this new job.
My advice to other job seekers is to have faith in closed doors. Sometimes rejection is redirection, and sometimes it's the push you need to build something of your own.
Do you have a story to share? Reach out to the reporter via email at jzinkula@businessinsider.com, or via Signal at jzinkula.29.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
16,2026-09-05,"Ecovacs has been refining and iterating on the same general concept for a few generations of its flagship robotic vacuums. The latest in the lineup is the Ecovacs Deebot X12S OmniCyclone, which continues that tradition, adding a few extra features along with supposedly better performance. The new vacuum has everything you'd expect from a modern robotic vacuum, including a roller mop pad and a self-emptying dock with the ability to clean the mop pad.
It also adds other new things, though, including a series of upgrades in general performance. The suction power is higher, the mop pad is larger, and the docking station is more advanced. The vacuum is expensive, sure, but there are plenty of even more expensive models out there from other brands despite the fact that this is Ecovacs' best robovac to date.
At $1,299.99, is the Ecovacs Deebot X12S OmniCyclone worth buying? How much better is it than the previous-generation Deebot X12? I've been using the new model to find out.
The Ecovacs Deebot X12S OmniCyclone retains a very similar design to the previous-generation model, the X12. In fact, the only notable difference to the design is the finish on the vacuum and the docking station itself, which is a little lighter and more metallic looking. I like the new finish, but it certainly doesn't change much about how the vacuum looks in general.
That's not necessarily a bad thing, though. I find both the docking station and the vacuum to look reasonably modern, and while the build materials aren't exactly ultra premium, the vacuum and the docking station should suit most rooms in your home well enough.
One thing that I do like about the vacuum itself is that, like previous models, it doesn't have a top-mounted LiDAR sensor that sticks out from the top of the vacuum and often prevents it from being able to get under furniture. To be clear, while the Deebot X12S OmniCyclone still can't get under plenty of furniture that I have in my home, it can get under more than it would with an obtrusive sensor. Thankfully, the design choice doesn't mean that it forgoes a LiDAR sensor altogether — it's just placed on the front of the vacuum instead of on the top.
The vacuum itself is circular and measures 13.9 x 13.8 x 3.9 inches, and it's just under 4 inches tall — short enough to clear most some furniture and cabinets, though it certainly won't fit under all of the furniture in your home. These measurements are unchanged compared to the previous models. I'm fine with that, but a slightly shorter build would give it more flexibility in cleaning under furniture.
The bottom of the vacuum is where there are some actual design changes. There's Ecovacs' patented ZeroTangle 4.0 anti-hair-wrap roller brush, which is paired with a single side brush. There's also the new roller mop, which has been redesigned to be longer than the previous-gen one. According to Ecovacs, the new roller mop is around 50% longer than before, which is one of the bigger changes to how the device cleans.
Another interesting design change comes in the form of the so-called Privacy Shield, which is a physical cover for the camera on the front of the robot. To be clear, the camera could be disabled before. It was software-based instead of a physical cover, and disabling the camera doesn't mean that your vacuum can't clean. It just means that it relies exclusively on LiDAR instead of using the camera as well.
Other design elements carry over from the last model. For example, Ecovacs has kept the mechanical mop shield that debuted on the X12, which covers the roller to prevent dirty mopping hardware from dragging across carpets as the robot moves between zones. I'm glad that feature is still here. The docking station is also the same in terms of design with that new finish. It's not the most compact docking station, but given how many features it has, that's not all that surprising.
The dock measures roughly 15.0 x 13.2 x 18.3 inches, which is the space required to house the cyclonic separation system, dual water tanks, and cleaning solution storage. Like before, it has a bagless dustbin, which I really like, as it means that you don't have to buy new bags for the vacuum to empty into. It also has large tanks for clean and dirty water and two small tanks for different kinds of cleaning solutions.
While the design changes are minimal, as you would expect, there are some more noticeable changes to how the Deebot X12S performs. On paper, the X12S is one of the most powerful robot vacuums you can buy. Ecovacs rates it at up to 27,000 Pa of ""Blast"" suction, which the company says is 60% more effective suction than the previous-generation X12. While I'm not sure how to quantify that, it is true that the vacuum's high suction rating is among the highest out there.
The more concrete claim concerns how the vacuum tackles carpets. SGS certified the X12S in July 2026, measuring an average of 97.44% dust mite allergen removal and 95.45% dust mite removal from Wilton carpet across three runs in the robot's strongest suction mode. Ecovacs also claims a 224% improvement in carpet dust removal efficiency over previous models. Those are lab numbers under ideal conditions, of course, but third-party certification is worth more than a marketing bullet point.
Regardless, I indeed found that the Ecovacs Deebot X12S OmniCyclone effectively picked up debris of different sizes, with the side brush doing a good job at sweeping debris into the vacuum rather than flinging it away. On both carpet and hard floors, I found that the vacuum left floors looking quite clean — and while there were sometimes some little pieces of dirt left behind, the vacuum performed better than others I've tested, and on maximum settings, I never found it leaving more than I expected.
The vacuum was pretty good at getting into corners and crevices, too. The side brush extends from the side of the vacuum far enough to sweep the debris into the path of the vacuum from corners and edges. Because it relies entirely on the side brush for edges and corners, it's perhaps not as good at getting dirt there as in an open space, but that's not surprising.
Of course, upgrades to the mopping system are some of the bigger changes to the Deebot X12S OmniCyclone. It's also an area where all of the major companies have put a lot of effort into improvement over the past few years, switching from spinning pads to roller mops that can exert more pressure and, as such, clean up more stuck-on messes.
The Ecovacs Deebot X12S OmniCyclone has a relatively large roller mop that spins at up to 220 rotations per minute and can apply up to 4,000 Pa of downward force as it mops. That's not to mention the fact that it supports the same two different cleaning solutions as the previous model, with one designed specifically for stuck-on stains and to be used with the spray nozzle that can spray fluid onto stains so that they're easier to clean up.
The roller also washes itself as it works. Fresh water continuously wets the roller during operation while a scraper pulls away dirty water and debris, so the mop keeps working on a clean surface instead of getting steadily filthier until the robot returns to the dock. That's the core argument for the roller design — pad-based systems, even self-washing ones like Narwal's, only refresh the pad when the robot goes home. Indeed, even if you think your floors are clean, you'll find that the vacuum's dirty water tank can get pretty gross.
FocusJet is the other piece of the puzzle. Twin high-pressure nozzles spray diluted cleaning solution directly onto stains before the roller passes over, pre-dissolving dried-on messes rather than trying to scrub through them dry. Ecovacs claims even overnight coffee and sauce stains come up in a single pass. I did find that with this enabled, it seemed to handle sticky messes more easily. Though it's worth noting that it still left some really stuck-on stains behind, it's not designed for large messes but rather day-to-day cleaning.
It's also pretty good at avoiding getting your carpet wet. The roller raises and lowers automatically when it detects carpet, and there's a cover that covers the roller up to further protect carpet. As a whole, the Ecovacs Deebot X12S OmniCyclone is excellent at mopping, thanks to a combination of its solid roller mop and features like its FocusJet tech.
The docking station that comes with the X12S OmniCyclone has all the modern features you would expect from a high-end robotic vacuum. One of my favorite things about it is that it's entirely bagless — which means that you don't have to buy bags. Instead, you simply empty the docking station when it's full.
I will say that the vacuum isn't very good at alerting you to the docking station dustbin being full, though. This has been an issue for a few generations of flagship Ecovacs models. On some occasions, the only way that I found out that the dustbin was completely full was by the vacuum losing suction power and not cleaning properly, which alerted me to the fact that its own dustbin was completely full because it was unable to empty into the dustbin.
That said, you shouldn't have to empty it all that much. According to Ecovacs, you should be able to go up to 48 days without emptying the dustbin and 150 days without cleaning the mop tray. I have a toddler and a baby, so I probably can't go quite that long — but those without young kids or pets might find that they can.
The docking station is good at taking care of the roller mop, too. After cleaning cycles, it pressure-washes the roller with 32 precision jets backed by a 40,000 Pa high-pressure air pump, while a propeller spinning at 6,000 rpm actively scrubs out the dirty water tank on the robot. Hot-air drying then covers the roller, the air duct, and the dustbin, which should keep odor and bacterial buildup at bay — a real problem with neglected self-washing docks. The station also refills the robot's clean water tank automatically and doses cleaning solution from a 260 ml reservoir, so there's no measuring detergent by hand.
The X12S navigates with dToF LiDAR and pairs it with an RGBD camera for obstacle avoidance — combining laser and vision sensing to identify objects and obstacles. As you would expect, the Ecovacs app is where you'll manage maps, edit rooms, and set schedules.
Like on previous versions of Ecovacs' robotic vacuums, I found that the X12S OmniCyclone was only fine at creating an initial map — and I had to spend some time editing the map to make it actually accurate. It combined rooms and struggled with mirrors, which meant that I had to spend a good 15 minutes editing that map, dividing ""rooms"" into actual rooms, combining rooms into one, and so on.
Now, to be fair, the vacuum still got the basics right, and the map editing process isn't overly complicated, but other brands of robotic vacuum seem to do the mapping process a whole lot better than Ecovacs. I'm not sure why Ecovacs has been unable to improve on this in the last three or four years while competitors offer such better solutions.
That said, the rest of the software experience is pretty good. The app is decently designed, even if it advertises new products and features a little too often for my liking. From the main screen of the X12 OmniCyclone section, you'll be able to start a clean — including choosing whether to vacuum, mop, or both, and selecting suction and water levels, as well as the rooms you want cleaned.
The vacuum also carries over the previous-generation's smart home support, which was already quite good. It actually supports Matter, which means that it can be used in all major smart home platforms. You won't be able to control advanced settings or manage maps from anything but the official Ecovacs app, but the ability to start a cleaning from other apps is helpful, for example, for the spouses of gadget nerds like myself that don't want to constantly download new apps for home products.
The Ecovacs Deebot X12S OmniCyclone has a 4,000mAh ""Super Boost"" Li-ion battery, which Ecovacs rates as offering up to 497 minutes of runtime. In real life, you probably won't hit that — most people use a combination of settings and cleaning modes, and that rating really only applies to the silent sweep mode. Still, the battery life wasn't bad at all in my testing.
The good news is that the vacuum charges quickly, too, even during cleaning. The PowerBoost Charging Plus feature essentially means that the docking station can quick-charge the vacuum whenever it returns to the dock to, for instance, clean the mop pad — which it would do regardless of whether or not it charged at the same time. According to Ecovacs, the feature can restore up to 13% of the battery in three minutes of charging, which is pretty impressive — and the end result is that it could clean up to 5,000 square meters of space in a single cleaning cycle.
Again, most people won't quite hit that, and with maximum settings, the vacuum had to charge for a longer period of time when vacuuming and mopping my home. But the battery life was still quite good for a vacuum this powerful, and the PowerBoost feature definitely helps extend that runtime.
The Ecovacs Deebot X12S OmniCyclone is a seriously capable robotic vacuum, building on previous generations to make for a powerful, complete cleaning package. The roller mopping system continues to work very well, the suction power is impressively strong, and while the mapping system leaves a little to be desired, if you're willing to put in the work to edit it after initial mapping, you'll find that the vacuum does a great job at day-to-day floor cleaning.
There are plenty of competitors — and Ecovacs' biggest competitors seem to be improving on their models just as quickly as Ecovacs. The Roborock Ultra series, for starters, offers similar features and arguably a better app and mapping experience. Dreame's flagships also sit in similar territory, with strong mopping and dock automation.
Then there's the X12 OmniCyclone itself, which is staying in the lineup at $899. The X12S asks a $400 premium for the jump to 27,000 Pa, FocusJet refinements, 50% longer roller, and hardware Privacy Shield. For many, the extra cash won't be worth paying — the previous-generation model was already an excellent machine.
Ultimately, the X12S OmniCyclone is absolutely worth buying if you prioritize heavy-duty mopping, pet-hair pickup, and the long-term savings of a bagless dock. As long as you can live with some software and navigation quirks, this is a top-flight option."
17,2026-09-05,"The computer business in 1984 was a bizarre mix of hobby-level companies, a few small companies that had made it big, and a lot of big companies starting to take notice of personal computers. Plenty of money followed, which led to strange products and even stranger ads. [Such Bad Tech Ads] reveals a very bad ad from that time for a product we have barely heard of: the Spartan. The Spartan’s job was to convert your Commodore 64 so it could run Apple ][ software. The ad campaign had, inexplicably, a mime. We think. Or maybe a clown. Hard to say.
On the face of it, the Spartan might not be a bad idea. In 1984, there was plenty of Apple software. Well, relatively, anyway. But a Commodore computer was far cheaper. Other conversion kits like the Intel Inboard/386 managed to find some success in the market later. The problem, outside of strange ads, was one of timing.

If the product was available in 1984, it might have worked out better for the Canadian company, Mimic, behind it. Instead, it was about two years before an actual piece of hardware would show up in anyone’s hands. By that time, there was a ton of software for the Commodore 64. Not to mention that even when Mimic announced the Spartan, Apple had discontinued the Apple ][+ computer.
Why use a mime to promote a product that turns your Commodore 64 into a keyboard and monitor? We have no idea. But he was in all the ads and even on the product box. Strange.
We’ve seen the Spartan before, naturally. Being late usually has bad consequences. Ask FedEx.
What does a mime do? It mimics behaviour.  What was the name of the company? Mimic. What does the product do? Allows one system to mimic another.
Please be kind and respectful to help make the comments section excellent. (Comment Policy)
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed."
18,2026-09-05,"As smartphone makers go, Unihertz is something of an outlier. The design of its handsets is a little on the unusual side compared to those churned out by major rivals, and the way it brings them to market is different, too. The manufacturing side is a little harder to pin down, however. Unihertz says on its website that it has its ""own smartphone manufacturing plant with a complete production line,"" but it doesn't say where the facility is located. Regulatory filings for a number of Unihertz phones do, though, name Oblue Communication Technology as the manufacturer of many of its handsets, with the facility listed as being in the Chinese city of Shenzhen, a massive tech hub and center of electronics manufacturing.
Oblue describes itself as the ""creator and developer"" of Unihertz, saying it provides everything from hardware and software development to manufacturing. It's not clear if the Oblue facility is the one Unihertz is referring to, but Oblue's listing as the maker of various Unihertz handsets, including the Jelly, Titan, TickTock, and Tank models, strongly suggests that many, and possibly all, of the company's phones are made in China.
Chinese tech firms enjoy something of a head start in the smartphone business because they operate inside the world's most complete phone-related supply chain with numerous component companies, large-scale manufacturing facilities, and a large pool of skilled assembly workers. They also benefit from a huge domestic market that funds and propels rapid product cycles and innovation. And while many companies like Apple have diversified to other countries in recent years, China's enormous manufacturing ecosystem is one reason why non-Chinese tech firms still use Chinese manufacturers for their devices, with cost efficiency an added bonus.
Unihertz has been steadily gaining prominence ever since its Jelly phone debuted in 2017. With a tiny body and diminutive 2.45-inch display, the Android phone positioned the newcomer as a maker of niche handsets. Unihertz took a less typical path to market, too, turning to Kickstarter in a bid to fund the device. The campaign reached its $30,000 target in only an hour before raising an impressive $1.25 million. Unihertz returned to the crowdfunding platform with more handsets, some of which revived features that had mostly disappeared from mainstream smartphones.
The Titan series, for example, launched in 2019 with a physical, BlackBerry-style keyboard. Four iterations later, it came up with the Titan 2 Elite. Landing in 2026, the warmly reviewed device features the familiar physical keyboard along with a four-inch, 120Hz AMOLED touchscreen display, a 50-megapixel main camera and 32-megapixel front camera, decent battery life of around two days, 12GB of RAM, and up to 512GB of storage.
Other designs, like the TickTock series that landed in 2021, are far less conventional, with a secondary, watch-like display built into the back, marking it out as a dual-screen smartphone unlike any other. And then there's the Tank from Unihertz's sub-brand, 8849. The latest model, the Tank 5, launched in 2026, continues the series' extremely rugged design while adding a brighter 1080p projector, a powerful 17,600 mAh battery, and 120W charging. Unihertz's formula of spotting a niche, validating it via Kickstarter, and then iterating the device seems to be working well for the company, helping it to create unusual, fun handsets for folks interested in an alternative to the more predictable mainstream offerings. If you're a fan of unusual design, check out these other handsets that you probably never knew existed."
19,2026-09-05,"YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    5 phones to buy instead of the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8
                                

                                    Tiny but mighty: these are the 6 BEST small phones to buy in 2026
                                

                                    The Pixel 11 Pro Fold is a solid upgrade, but after testing it against other foldables, I wish Google had gone a bit further
                                
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
IFA 2026 is currently underway, and there's a lot to see.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

IFA 2026 is back, and as expected, there's a lot to see on the show floor at Messe Berlin. IFA is traditionally more focused on consumer electronics, such as smart home devices, more than mobile products like smartphones.
However, there were a few mobile devices scattered about the show, including phones and wearables, as well as a bevy of accessories that managed to catch my eye. Here are some of the coolest things I've seen while exploring IFA 2026.
 



Xiaomi's IFA debut was a big one, with the company showcasing its family of products across a massive space spanning 3,300 square meters. The company showed off how its family of products can work together using HyperOS and AI, allowing you to seamlessly move across devices as you navigate your home and even your car.
 



But beyond that, the company also showed off a cool humanoid robot that walked around its space for photo ops. The company says it's exploring the use of humanoid robots to enhance its manufacturing, stating that it has already seen a massive improvement with tasks like nut tightening in its Auto Factory.
 



But the thing I was most interested in was the one item attendees couldn't get their hands on: the Xiaomi 18 Fold. The device was secured behind glass in a striking red color, showing the device both closed and open. It has a wider foldable design, similar to the Galaxy Z Fold 8, although with rounder corners, which is a design cue we're expecting on the rumored iPhone Ultra.
The Xiaomi 18 Fold has a triple-camera system and is powered by the company's in-house XRING 03 chip, enhanced for on-device AI. The full launch is just days away, on September 7, so we'll learn more about this exciting phone soon.
 



I often ignore ruggedized phones because they serve a particular market segment I'm just not very interested in. However, the RugOne Xsnap 7 Pro from Ulefone does something unique that caught my eye.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
Unlike the Robot Phone, which has a very cool robotic gimbal camera, the Xsnap 7 Pro has a detachable camera that can be used as a remote action cam. Ulefone had a number of accessories on display that the camera could be attached to, including a tripod, a selfie stick, a clamp, and more. And when you're done being adventurous, you can easily snap the camera back into place, where it's paired with a 50MP and 64MP camera system.
The phone is powered by a respectable MediaTek Dimensity 8400 and is IP69K-, IP68-, and MIL-STD-810H-certified for high-grade durability. It's clear this is for a certain type of consumer, which I am not, but I can't help but want this phone.
 



I'm a big fan of smart rings, but the small form factor brings some limitations. Fortunately, some of the latest smart rings from Circular seem to be addressing some of them, with both rings featuring vibration alerts.
This is actually something Circular has featured in previous versions of its smart ring, but it was unfortunately omitted from the Circular Ring 2. Now it's back with the Circular 3 series, which can vibrate for wake-up alarms, health alerts, bringing exercises, and more, all while being nearly as slim as the Oura Ring 5. They also feature NFC payments, which is a feature I would love to see on more smart rings.
View Original
View Original
View Original
View Original
The Circular Ring 3 Slim is the thinner of the two and, as a result, misses out on some advanced health-tracking features found in the Circular Ring 3 Pro, such as blood pressure trends. However, it still gets haptic feedback, which is impressive on such a small form factor.
The Circular Ring 3 series is bound to give the Oura Ring 5 a run for its money when it arrives in 2027.
 



I checked out BleeqUp's first smart AI glasses at last year's MWC, and this year the company has a new pair with welcome enhancements that make it an even more enticing alternative to the Oakley Meta Vanguard.
Compared to the BleeqUp Ranger, the new Rover glasses feature an updated 3K60 resolution with HDR and improved low-light performance. Interestingly, the camera can tilt up or down, offering greater versatility in your sports shots.
View Original
View Original
There's also more AI integration for things like emergency recording, proactive safety alerts, and for sports monitoring to track things like your breathing rhythm and provide activity summaries.
Finally, there's better waterproofing, double the internal storage, and support for BleeqUp's accessories like the remote control and battery extender.
 



Tecno is no stranger to showing off cool concept at trade shows such as this (remember that cool modular phone?), but the bezel-less concept phone feels like a product I could actually see it bringing to market. At first glance, it looks and feels just like a regular phone, but turn it on, and you'll notice just how immersive the viewing experience is.
It's really just display and frame, and while my hands-on time was short, it feels like a phone made for a not-too-distant future.
 



The back is also really interesting, sporting a unique design with a 3D-like effect that thoroughly impressed myself and other onlookers almost as much as the bezel-less display.
 



The Aurzen Zip Pro took what I loved about the original Aurzen Zip and supersized it. It's still one of the coolest portable projectors I've seen, and it's not much larger than the original, while still remaining easy to fold up and carry. It also weighs as much as two flagship smartphones.
It has better picture quality with a higher 1080p resolution, enhanced color, and 4-point keystone correction, so the picture should look great no matter where you throw it from. Plus, it features a small top display you can use to control the device.
View Original
View Original
View Original
It also has longer battery life, although at 2.5 hours, you'll wanna keep it plugged in for any ""Lord of the Rings"" marathons. But if you do need a charge, it now supports 65W charging speeds, which is pretty nice for on-the-go charging.
 



There's always someone showing off some cool robot thing, and PrimeBot Q1 managed to steal my heart. It's a cute toddler-sized robot that you can talk to or control using your Android smartphone, and thanks to high-torque QDD joints, it moves very quickly for things like dancing (which it does surprisingly well).
I also watched as someone grabbed the Q1's hand and guided it around the show floor, as if it were an actual child you didn't want to lose in the hustle and bustle of a grocery store. My heart immediately melted at the sight of this.
View Original
View Original
View Original
The PrimeBot Q1 is also customizable, so you can either take it as is or dress it up to look like a Gundam, Power Ranger, and so much more.
For now, availability is limited to China, but it's set to come to Europe in 2027. Here's hoping it also makes it way to the U.S.!
Derrek is the managing editor of Android Central, helping to guide the site's editorial content and direction to reach and resonate with readers, old and new, who are just as passionate about tech as we are. He's been obsessed with mobile technology since he was 12, when he discovered the Nokia N90, and his love of flip phones and new form factors continues to this day. As a fitness enthusiast, he has always been curious about the intersection of tech and fitness. When he's not working, he's probably working out.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
20,2026-09-05,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Cars > Car Apps
The map navigator is the most downloaded app in the US after it refused to relabel Lake Ontario.
September 4, 2026, 8:19 pm ET
MapQuest, who knew? A week ago, the app seemed like just another long-forgotten relic from the dotcom glory days. Now, it’s surged to the top of app download charts after the company ignored an executive order from President Donald Trump by refusing to relabel Lake Ontario as Lake America. And the company apparently is going to keep riding the wave.
The 30-year-old app announced that it was bringing its navigation service to Android Auto in an experimental phase. Thus, drivers can use MapQuest on their dashboard infotainment screens rather than Google Maps if they have Android Auto enabled.
MapQuest announced the new integration on X, saying simply, “Android Gang, dinner is served.”
Android Auto is a software system that allows Android phone apps to display on a dashboard screen, which basically performs like a computer monitor. By connecting your phone to the vehicle’s Android Auto system, you can use map apps such as Google, Waze and now MapQuest, as well as stream music and listen to podcasts or use AI programs like Google Assistant or Gemini to send texts and make calls.
What about Apple users? A message on MapQuest’s help center noted that “CarPlay is coming to the MapQuest iOS app soon!”
In addition to basic navigation, the MapQuest app is trying out a crowdsourcing feature on Android Auto. Drivers and passengers can report accidents, road closures and activity by police and other first-responders on the app so that other drivers might know what’s coming up for them on the roads.
As a comparison, MapQuest and Google Maps both have the basics — planning a route from Point A to Point B with an estimated travel time, a computer voice telling when and where to turn and search functionality to find businesses and other locations. But Google Maps also has public transit directions, indoor maps for malls and airports and user reviews of businesses through its integration with Google Search.
Read more: Google’s In-Car Gemini Dimmed the Sunroof, Ordered Dinner and Became My Tour Guide
MapQuest did not say if all Android Auto users would be able to use it or how long the beta testing would last. A representative for MapQuest did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
It’s been a while since “MapQuest” rolled off the tongue of many Americans. The company launched on Feb. 5, 1996, and within a few years, it controlled nearly all of the market share for online mapping, with 2 million page views per day in 1999. But the company began to decline after Google launched its maps app in 2005.
That changed earlier this week. MapQuest refused to change Lake Ontario to Lake America on its maps, as Trump called for with an executive order on Aug. 27. Google and Apple complied, but MapQuest and Microsoft haven’t.
We’re not changing it. pic.twitter.com/NdeE9v2BNO
Within days, MapQuest became the No. 1 most-downloaded app in the US, with more than 1.5 million downloads since Trump’s order. The company also created a widget that lets you name the lake whatever you want.
MapQuest General Manager Doug Berger told CNN’s Erin Burnett, “We were absolutely blown away by the response,” he said. “It’s completely shocking.”

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
21,2026-09-05,"A growing share of Americans are factoring future inheritances into their retirement plans, but experts say that's a gamble that may not pay off."
22,2026-09-05,"NSE’s IPO moved closer to launch after Sebi approved its draft offer document, with the proposed Rs 30,000-crore issue likely to list on BSE. The OFS could involve nearly 6% stake, with several shareholders selling. Strong financials, dominant derivatives market share and premium unlisted valuation make it a closely watched offering.
National Stock Exchange is likely to price its IPO at around Rs 1,800 per share or slightly above.

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

Season of change in accounting policy: A simple AI prompt can tell you a lot
Is crude oil becoming a financial problem?
Patent Cliff approaching: Can Indian pharma companies repeat past success?
Q1 investment numbers look stellar, but are we celebrating too early?
ET Prime special: Bigger, Better or Both? Understanding business to figure out the mystery: Power Grid Corp – Part 1
ET Prime special series: 2013 to 2026. Not years, but evidence: Power Grid, Part 2
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Story Listing
Top Definitions
Most Searched IFSC Codes
Top Slideshow
Private Companies
Top Prime Articles
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime









                 Connect with an ETPrime expert for personalized support and guidance
                
What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
23,2026-09-05,"On August 28, Chagee Holdings Limited (NASDAQ:CHA) reported second-quarter results that read like two different companies stitched together. At home in Great..."
24,2026-09-05,"The copyright chapter of the code OpenAI signed commits signatories not to circumvent access restrictions, with subscription models and paywalls specified
Microsoft
The Seattle Times and Newsday have sued OpenAI and Microsoft, alleging the companies methodically scraped articles in a way that bypasses paywalls. The EU’s general-purpose AI code commits signatories not to circumvent access restrictions, naming subscription models and paywalls specifically.
The Seattle Times and Newsday have jointly sued OpenAI and Microsoft over the training of AI models on their journalism. The two called generative AI “a snake eating its own tail“, Engadget reported.
The complaint alleges the companies were methodically scraping news articles in a way that bypasses paywalls. That is a claim about how the material was obtained, not only about what was done with it.
It says the result offers readers an AI-generated alternative to the articles themselves, cutting traffic and digital advertising revenue.
It also alleges the models hallucinate, attributing false information to the two outlets, and that copyright management information was stripped from articles.
They join the New York Times, which sued in 2023, and the 400 local newspapers already in the litigation. Others, including AP and Vox Media, licensed their archives to OpenAI instead.
The timing is pointed. Microsoft asked the same court on the same day to reject the two theories this complaint rests on, lost licensing fees and market dilution.
Of the four allegations, the paywall one travels furthest. TNW covered Microsoft’s fair use brief this week, and it argues about books rather than about how pages were reached.
In the United States it is a claim about circumvention and about the terms under which a page was accessed. In Europe it is something a company has already promised not to do.
The copyright chapter of the EU’s general-purpose AI code commits signatories not to circumvent effective technological measures restricting access, with specific attention to subscription models and paywalls, citing the 2001 copyright directive.
The same chapter requires crawlers to read and follow robots.txt, and to exclude sites that courts or public authorities have found to infringe persistently on a commercial scale.
OpenAI is a signatory. The code has applied since August 2025, so it does not reach conduct alleged to predate it, and whether a paywall counts as a valid reservation of rights is unsettled.
The copyright directive requires reservations by machine-readable means for online content, and no court has ruled on whether a paywall qualifies. What is settled is that fair use has no European equivalent.
A German court held in July that works memorised in model parameters infringe at the point of storage, in a case brought by GEMA. European publishers making the same complaint would start from a different place.



                                    With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding &amp; identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate                                                                        (show all)

With expertise in digital marketing, product management, and branding & identity, Ana Maria Constantin develops strategies that resonate with our target audience in the software/SaaS industry. Collaboration and teamwork are paramount to her, as she loves empowering her colleagues to achieve outstanding results and unlock their full potential.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
25,2026-09-05,"The boycott is aimed at a conference, while the argument Washington is actually having with Europe is about orbit, spectrum and the EU Space Act
French President Emmanuel Macron
SpaceX, Blue Origin, Stoke Space and Starcloud pulled out of Macron’s Paris space summit after White House pressure, though several are expected back in the city days later for World Space Business Week. Organisers describe the event as behind schedule and unclear in purpose, while Washington lobbies against the EU Space Act.
Four American space companies pulled out of Emmanuel Macron’s Paris space summit after pressure from the White House. SpaceX, Blue Origin, Stoke Space and Starcloud told French authorities on Thursday, Politico reported.
The summit runs on 9 and 10 September. About 120 international delegations have been invited, and Chinese officials are expected to attend.
The boycott is not the summit’s biggest problem. Six people with first-hand knowledge of the organisation told Politico it is behind schedule, poorly coordinated with Europe’s main space players and unclear in purpose.
One called it the worst Macron-organised summit they had seen. Invitations went out over the summer and some were still being sent on Friday, while negotiations on the final declarations had already started.
The adviser running the summit for Macron left her job a month before it. A briefing at the Elysee in late August left many questions unanswered, space officials said.
The Elysee is unbothered in public. “If certain countries or actors don’t want to participate, in a way, that’s their loss,” an official told reporters.
One detail undercuts the drama. The same companies are expected back in Paris a week later for World Space Business Week, where Starlink and Blue Origin are still on the list.
So the boycott is aimed at a summit rather than at the French market, and the companies skipping Wednesday will be selling on the following Tuesday.
The substance sits elsewhere. Washington has lobbied against the EU Space Act, proposed by the Commission in June 2025 and still working through Parliament and Council.
It would apply to any operator serving users in the EU regardless of where it is established, require prior authorisation and an EU legal representative, and impose debris mitigation and cybersecurity duties.
The second fight is spectrum. A Franco-German push to allocate more satellite frequencies to European companies, including Europe’s own network IRIS2, cuts directly against Starlink.
Both concern access to limited resources rather than who attends a conference. The summit should produce declarations on data sharing, frequency allocation and space debris, and nobody has said who will sign them.
A satellite chief executive told Politico that orbit and spectrum are the resources at stake, and that SpaceX has a policy of complete dominance over both. Europe’s answer has been to legislate, to launch, and to remind Washington it cannot reach the moon without European hardware.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
26,2026-09-05,"Hon Hai's August sales rose 52% while investors argue about AI returns, and its European partner is a company the French state bought in April
Hon Hai reported August revenue of NT$921.8B, about $29.1B, up 52% year on year on AI server demand, well ahead of analyst expectations for the quarter. In June it signed a EUR 120M manufacturing partnership with Bull, the French state-owned computing firm, splitting work between Pardubice and Angers.x
Hon Hai reported an August revenue rise of 52% to NT$921.8B, about $29.1B, Bloomberg News reported on Saturday. July grew 54%, and analysts are looking for around 37% growth in the three months to September, so the company is running well ahead of them.
The Taiwanese company assembles Nvidia’s servers, and its monthly filing has become a check-in for the AI trade. Concerns about overcapacity, rising debt and fierce competition have grown around it, and the revenue line keeps ignoring them.
TNW reported after the second quarter that AI servers now bring in more than everything else Hon Hai makes combined.
The rest is largely Apple. Foxconn, as it is also known, remains the primary iPhone assembler on thinner margins, with plants in China and India, and Apple is spreading work towards Luxshare Precision.
Bloomberg Intelligence analysts Steven Tseng and Rebecca Wang note that the consumer electronics business dilutes the cloud momentum, leaving gross margin and forward price to earnings below the peer average.
So the order book keeps compounding while the market argues about what the spending eventually returns. Demand and confidence have come apart.
TNW has followed that argument through Big Tech’s cash flow, and Chinese investors marked the trade down this week despite the strongest earnings season in five years.
Europe is about to add to the same order book, and it has already picked its assembler.
Bull and Foxconn announced a manufacturing partnership on 1 June with an initial commitment above EUR 120M, according to Bull’s own statement.
Components and initial testing go to Foxconn’s plant in Pardubice, in the Czech Republic. Final assembly, integration and system validation happen at Bull’s factory in Angers.
Foxconn’s head of AI and quantum, Jesse Chao, said the collaboration advances “building sovereign AI infrastructure in Europe” and supports a resilient supply chain.
The French state finished buying Bull from Atos for EUR 404M in April, two months before the Foxconn announcement, and presented the purchase as a sovereignty measure.
The Commission has committed EUR 20B to AI gigafactories, with 77 proposals across 16 member states and construction of the first planned for 2027. The racks will be assembled in France from parts made in Czechia by a Taiwanese company whose monthly revenue is $29B.



                                    I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion,                                                                         (show all)

I am the Editor in Chief for TNW, covering technology not as a parade of launches and valuations, but as a system of influence, persuasion, and change. I write about startups, venture capital, digital policy, and Europe ecosystem, with an eye on the larger story beneath them: who gets to build the future, who profits from it, and how Europe is learning to speak in a louder voice of its own. Before moving into senior editorial leadership, I've built my career for over +10 years across journalism, storytelling, content strategy, SEO, and digital publishing, with experience in SaaS, hospitality, art, and culture.

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.
The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
27,2026-09-05,McEwen currently mines and has a 46.3% interest in a copper project which the market is currently willing to pay nothing for. Read why MUX stock is a buy.
28,2026-09-05,"Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.
 
TL;DR: Enjoy a PDF editor that prioritizes security with this $19.99 (reg. $49.99) lifetime subscription to IndyPDF Editor & Converter.
When it comes to using software of any kind in 2026, privacy can never be overstated. Not only is it ideal for handling sensitive documents, such as client records, contracts, and IDs, but it's also a necessity given the ongoing advances in cybercrime.
And with IndyPDF Editor & Converter, you can keep sensitive information off the cloud thanks to its offline processing. The best part: a lifetime subscription is only $19.99 (reg. $49.99), making this an easy win for your bank account too.
IndyPDF is one of the few truly offline PDF editors. It processes all documents locally (on your device) and does not offer cloud editing. This means you can rest assured of total security, even as you edit, convert, sign, protect, and use the built-in OCR technology on your documents.
What's more, local processing also means faster performance as you use the PDF editor. It also provides access to additional privacy features, including advanced protection with AES-256 encryption, access to digital signatures, password protection, permission controls, and permanent redaction.
Beyond privacy, IndyPDF is also built for maximum user flexibility. We're talking access from a range of platforms and devices, including iOS, Android, macOS, and Windows. For the best experience, though, it is recommended that you use it on desktop for access to the full editing toolkit.
At such a low entry point, this PDF editor is one of the most cost-effective on the market. It also has the added benefit of prioritising privacy and security features that aren't just tacked on.
Get your lifetime subscription to IndyPDF Editor & Converter for just $19.99 (reg. $49.99).
IndyPDF Editor & Converter: Lifetime Subscription
See Deal
StackSocial prices subject to change.
See other items in the shop.




		Dolly Parton died this week and it was bullshit. In this polarized era, there are so few people that we can all point to and agree upon as being a…        READ THE REST





		Bizarre or misshapen typefaces designed to confuse or stymie AI (previously and previously at Boing Boing) regularly go viral. But they're works of art making a point rather than something…        READ THE REST





		You'll need the high-end reMarkable Paper Pro model (previously at Boing Boing), but now that Android's been ported to it, the color e-ink device can run third-party apps and connect…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: This Grade A refurbished 2018 MacBook Air is just $319.99 (MSRP $2,299) with 16GB of RAM, a…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: The $24.99 GoCable packs up to 100W charging, Lightning and USB-C connectors, an LED power display, data…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: Microsoft Office Professional Plus 2019 for Windows lets you enjoy seven tools for a one-time low…        READ THE REST

Read the rules you agree to by using this website in our Terms of Service.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program
                        designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Boing Boing uses cookies and analytics trackers, and is supported by advertising, merchandise sales
                        and affiliate links. Read about what we do with the data we gather in our Privacy Policy.
Who will be eaten first? Our forum rules are detailed in the Community Guidelines.
Boing Boing is published under a Creative Commons license except where otherwise noted.
Privacy Manager"
29,2026-09-05,"Kalshi Research is doing interesting work on the fundamentals of prediction markets and also on how data from prediction markets can be used to improve other forecasts. Economists at the Fed, for example, recently wrote Kalshi and the Rise of Macro Markets fi…"
30,2026-09-05,"Let's go back to 2023. GM is rolling out a dozen EVs, Ford has borrowed the iconic F-150 and Mustang nameplates for all-electric vehicles, Polestar looks like a potential up-and-comer…
And Toyota — long heralded as one of the more environmentally conscious automakers after the runaway success of the Prius hybrid — isn't really competing. Its single EV, the bZ4X, is a little weird-looking, charges slowly, and won't reach 300 miles on a full battery.
Toyota's slow approach surprised industry watchers. Environmentalists blew up my phone at the time, complaining that the world's largest automaker was leaning heavily on hybrids that still got most of their power by burning dinosaur juice.
Fast-forward three years. The industry's rosier EV predictions have succumbed to billion-dollar write-downs, a big graveyard of discontinued models, and Polestar's removal from the US market.
Simultaneously, and almost inexplicably, Toyota's consumer EV lineup in 2026, fresh off a partnership with Subaru, has more nameplates than Tesla.
That reversal is what made me particularly curious about the new C-HR.
I drove about 200 miles through New York City traffic and New Jersey's highways in a 2026 Toyota C-HR XSE. And man, oh man, did I like my time in the driver's seat.
Let's start with pricing. Starting at $37,080, the C-HR isn't Toyota's most affordable EV — that distinction goes to the bigger, $34,980 bZ.
The C-HR is, however, the cheapest way to get into an all-wheel-drive Toyota EV. AWD comes standard on the base $37,080 C-HR, while it's a $5,000 upgrade on the bZ. My tester, with two-tone exterior paint, oomph-ier speakers, and some other goodies, topped out at $43,429.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
The car was wildly efficient. The EPA says the XSE can squeeze 273 miles from a full battery.
I would have easily outperformed that during my week. I grabbed the EV with its battery at 89%, and after driving about 170 miles without charging, it never dropped below 40%. That suggests I would have gotten around 400 miles on a charge.
On several drives, the car reported efficiency in the high-5s and low-6s in miles per kilowatt-hour. Those numbers, if true and consistent, are phenomenal. It reminded me of my time in Lucid's cars, a high-end EV maker practically obsessed with engineering every possible mile from a battery.
Efficient is not a synonym for boring, and the C-HR makes that super clear. Toyota says the car can jump from a standing start to 60 mph in 4.9 seconds, which would make it the third-quickest car in Toyota's lineup, matching the time of the sport-oriented GR Corolla.
Once it merged onto the highway, though, it acted more Toyota-like: composed, comfortable, and whisper-quiet.
A Tesla Model Y owner joined me for about two hours, riding mostly in the back seat. 
They entered the C-HR deeply skeptical that an EV from a legacy automaker could hold a candle to their Tesla — and also walked away impressed with the airy interior and back-seat comfort.
Lastly, aesthetics. I think the C-HR looks like it's about to pounce, even when parked. Its smoothed-out edges make it easier on the eyes than Toyota's larger bZ, without falling into the look-at-me-I'm-a-weird-EV styling trap that has befallen plenty of battery-powered cars.
My demerits list was small, though potentially substantial for some buyers. There's no glovebox, cramping front-seat storage. My Model Y-owning passenger is about 5-foot-8 and had plenty of headroom in the back, but anyone who regularly lugs tall adults around may have to do some cramming. The trunk is smaller than the bZ's, there's no frunk, and the infotainment occasionally lagged while the car booted up.
Still, by the end of the week, I did something I've rarely done after reviewing around 75 cars in my career: I imagined my own life with the C-HR.
I was genuinely sad to see the car go. That's not common.
Showing up late did have advantages.
The biggest is charging: The C-HR comes standard with a NACS charging port, the widely accepted charging standard developed by Tesla. That lets Toyota skip some of the awkward charging port transitions other automakers have had to navigate.
It also helps Toyota avoid some of the costly EV bets that led rivals to their billion-dollar write-downs. The C-HR, like all of Toyota's other EVs, was jointly developed with Subaru, allowing the companies to share development costs in a period of auto industry decluttering.
Most of what makes the C-HR so good feels very Toyota: strong efficiency, a comfortable ride, solid initial quality, and an easy-to-live-with interior. Those are not new competencies for the company.
The wait paid off with a great EV.
Did Toyota need to wait this long to build it? Maybe not. I'm still glad we got here.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
31,2026-09-05,"
BungieDestiny 2MarathonSony 
Bungie has a massive office headquartered in the very expensive real estate market of Bellevue, Washington. It more than doubled its size back in 2021, a move born of Destiny 2‘s ongoing success during the pandemic, which is hard now not to interpret as a sign of hubris and mismanagement. The PlayStation-owned studio now says it’s exploring subleasing big sections of the space it no longer needs following years of mass layoffs amid its games’ declining fortunes.
âBungie is exploring options to sublease its campus in Bellevue, Washington,” a spokesperson told The Game Post, which originally broke the story. “The studio transitioned to a digital-first model several years ago, and this move reflects the teamâs evolving workplace needs and the effectiveness of its remote collaboration. Bungie will continue to maintain a physical office presence in Bellevue.”
The descriptions of Bungie’s HQ sound both state-of-the-art and luminous. It included a dedicated workout space, climbing wall, and playtest areas. The Game Post reports that a brochure shopping the subleases around also mentions a motion capture studio, streaming studio, audio and Foley rooms (specialized sound recording areas), capture facilities, and editing suites.
The expansion was originally announced by Bungie as part of its big push to double down on Destiny 2‘s success and expensive content pipeline, while also investing in projects beyond its hit sci-fi shooter. Here’s what the press release said at the time:
In addition to building state-of-the-art facilities to support the growth and development of their talented employees, one of the primary drivers of Bungieâs expansion is to increase the commitment to the long-term development of Destiny 2, tell new stories in the Destiny Universe, and create entirely new worlds in to-be-announced IPs. The new facility will include a reimagining of its Bellevue, WA-based studio space to support multiple project teams, including those outside of the Destiny Universe.
Sony purchased Bungie for $3.6 billion the following winter. Four years later, none of these bets have paid off. Destiny never branched out into being a trans-media money-maker. All but one of the non-Destiny projects being incubated were canceled (a project called Gummy Bears focusing on “frog-like action was moved inside PlayStation). Sony even decided to officially sunset Destiny 2. All that’s left at the moment is Marathon, a terrific extraction shooter that seems doomed.
During its pandemic-era peak, Bungie had over 1,500 people. Successive rounds of mass layoffs in 2023, 2024, and 2026 cut that figure by at least 600 people, not accounting for regular attrition and roles that Sony shifted to different parts of the PlayStation umbrella. It now sounds like Bungie is closer to a 500-person studio.
It’s also a “digital first” workplace that accommodates remote work, a smart play for attracting top talent and avoiding the exorbitant costs of hiring only in the greater Seattle area. But also maybe something that would have been smart to think about before launching a massive expansion of the studio’s brick-and-mortar HQ.
Donât miss the latest reviews, news and tips. Sign up for our free newsletter.

          Sony's marketing blitz brings out the hecklers
        

          The companies say there's no proof anyone was harmed
        

          PlayStation has been receiving an uptick in online complaints after announcing it would stop manufacturing discs in 2028
        

          A new legal filing defends the lack of licensing disclosures on the PlayStation Store
        

          Players will have a bunch of channels they can flip to at no extra charge
        

          The PS5 exclusive has been MIA since its original reveal in 2024
        
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2026 KOTAKU USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
32,2026-09-05,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Home
Dyson popped off at a launch event in Berlin, introducing a whopping 10 new products.
Managing Editor / Home and Kitchen
Managing Editor / Home and Kitchen
September 5, 2026, 7:23 am ET
Gone are the days when Dyson, one of the biggest names in home and beauty tech, let new products trickle out to the masses. 
It was a slow burn at first, and for years, the brand made only vacuums, fans and air purifiers. In 2016, beauty tech, including cult-favorite hair care tools like the Supersonic hair dryer and Airwrap, was folded into the lineup. Still, we’d be lucky to see a handful of new stuff released each year.
Those days are over.
This year during IFA, the massive Euro tech showcase, Dyson has gone off, as the kids say, and released a whopping 10 new products at its counterprogramming event in Berlin, dubbed “Dyson Unveiled.” From floor care and air purifiers to health and beauty tech, including its first-ever toothbrush, Dyson’s eye-popping launch is matched only by last year when the brand introduced 11 new products.
Dyson isn’t just churning out products at a faster rate, as Dyson’s Chief Engineer Jake Dyson explained. 
“The latest innovations combine Dyson’s decades of mechanical engineering with AI, vision systems and machine learning to create products that can see, understand and respond to the environments around them,” he said.
Our team on the ground got a close-up look at everything the brand has coming to market, and the list is long. Here’s what’s new from Dyson in 2026.
This is Dyson’s first toothbrush, and it houses a tiny camera for the most detailed possible cleaning. According to the brand, it’s the first oral care tool to use AI-powered vision to detect and target gaps between teeth. It brushes, liquid flosses and even dispenses mouthwash. 
The toothbrush costs $499 and is available now.
Dyson’s releases aren’t limited to air care and cleaning. The brand released its first-ever dedicated dryer brush, which uses smart heat control and novel dual-bristle technology to dry, smooth and lift hair all in one motion. 
The Airsmooth will retail for $249 and will be available to order starting on Sept. 8.
The success of Dyson’s cult-favorite Airwrap inspired this next-generation straightening tool, featuring flexing plates with active cooling that dries hair without exposing it to as much heat, as heat can damage hair.
The Corrale CoolShine costs $329 and hits shelves on Sept. 15.
This new compact high-performance purifier and fan is designed for large spaces. The brand says it delivers three times the power of its predecessors. You can grab this model in the fall for $599.
Dyson’s most powerful purifier is engineered for long-range air projection and multiroom purification. It has a three-stage filtration system that captures particulates and gases, and it destroys formaldehyde.
This model will cost a whopping $1,099 and hits retailers in the fall.
Dyson’s most powerful three-in-one purifier combines purification, heating and personal cooling in one machine for year-round home comfort.
This also launches in the fall and retails for $599.
Read our full coverage of Dyson’s new HushJet lineup here.
The brand is calling this its most advanced wet-and-dry robot vacuum to date. It features UV enhancement and, you guessed it, AI elements to help identify up to 200 types of stains and substances. The self-cleaning wet roller uses a 12-point system that continuously applies water heated to 158 degrees Fahrenheit to simultaneously lift and remove stubborn stains.
The robot vac costs $1,199 and is available starting Sept. 15.
The Dyson R1 Nurovi Dry is engineered for deep cleaning on hard floors and carpets. It uses Dyson’s Twin-capture technology and intelligent floor and dust sensing. 
This simpler robot vac will be available sometime in September for $549.
Another robot vac is joining the lineup. This one has triangular cleaning pads to clean those pesky room corners.
The Wash Plus Dry is now available exclusively at Costco for $699.
The PencilWash weighs less than 5 pounds and is just as thin as the PencilVac.
The new handheld cleaner is slimmer and lighter than the older model, includes a more absorbent roller and a hygienic waste system. It also has self-cleaning features built into the dock.
It will cost $349 and will be available in the fall. 

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
33,2026-09-05,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Uncategorized
This voice-to-text mic, which is also wearable, is a stylish AI peripheral from former Nothing designers.
Principal Writer
Principal Writer
September 5, 2026, 9:08 am ET
For years, tech companies have been telling us that voice will eventually supersede touchscreens as the primary way we interact with our technology, but it’s never quite happened — and I’d come to doubt whether it ever actually will.
At IFA in Berlin, I saw something that made me think again. A team of folks who left design-forward British tech startup Nothing have created an AI microphone that takes us at least one step closer to our voice-controlled future.
About the size of a small lighter, the Relay Q tucks easily and comfortably into your hand to form a bridge between your voice and your computer, between thinking and text. Hold down the tip to capture whisper-level audio, so you can subtly dictate or give voice commands in a quiet office without disturbing people. You can also double-click the top to press Enter or Send.
What immediately impressed me about the Relay Q is its design and the tactile experience of holding the device. I wasn’t surprised to learn the team members are Nothing alumni, responsible for helping design some of the coolest audio and mobile devices on the market. These are people who know that how the technology looks and feels is an important part of whether people will truly love using it.
The Relay Q is available in dual-color tones — silver and electric blue, which gives Dyson vibes, and baby blue and orange for a jazzier look. The press-to-speak button on the top has a satisfyingly soft yet responsive feel to it as you hold it down to talk.
I’m also impressed by the way the tip of the device slides off, turning into a subtle wearable pin that clings to your collar with its built-in magnet, keeping the microphone close to your face. It’s a clever, thoughtful touch that provides flexibility based on how you want to use the product. To activate the mic in wearable mode, you’ll still need to press and hold the top of the main module or use a MagSafe remote (available separately) on the back of your iPhone.
The Relay Q is the gateway device to communicating with Relay’s AI desktop software, which is powered by Google Gemini and runs on macOS only for now (with Windows and Android compatibility coming later). You’ll need to grant the app access to your other apps so that it can carry out any commands you might give it through the Relay Q.
In a quick demo, I whisper into the microphone, asking it to draft an email asking someone to be a contributor to CNET. I watch on a screen as Gmail opens and an invite appears. It’s not a bad effort at all, and this is just one of many skills the AI agent can perform. I haven’t had a chance to test any others, but I did take a peek at the personalization options, where you can provide specific instructions about your writing preferences for the AI to reflect in its own writing style.
I’m especially interested in seeing how speech-to-text actually works when I’m putting together a longer draft. I actively enjoy writing — it’s why I do what I do, and I certainly don’t want AI to do it all for me. But now I find myself wondering whether typing always has to be my input method.
I think of old-school field reporters in the days before computers, who had to call the news desk and dictate their copy over the phone, usually off the cuff. There would certainly be a learning curve, but if I could learn how to effectively communicate my thoughts and writing style coherently, it could save me a lot of time. I’d still be writing, just with my voice.
In most circumstances, especially in an office or public setting, I’d be far too self-conscious and worried about disturbing people to do this. I like that the Relay Q is built specifically to capture low-level whispering, so I can mutter away quietly without worrying about people listening in.
The device is currently available to preorder for $150 for early supporters, including a MagSafe remote and 12 months of Relay Unlimited (the company’s software subscription). It sounds like the price might go up before or around the date the device is due to ship, which is currently January 2027.
Stand-alone AI devices are becoming more common, with many companies unveiling concepts and experimental tech right now, but I haven’t seen one quite like this before. I’m curious to see how it fares.
Editors’ note: Katie Collins’ travel costs for the IFA conference were covered in part by Xiaomi. The judgments and opinions of CNET are our own.

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
34,2026-09-05,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Tech > Mobile > Phones > Foldable Phones
Commentary: Samsung's compact, versatile foldable won my heart the moment I first held it. Will Apple's highly anticipated iPhone Ultra steal me away?
Senior Technology Reporter
Senior Technology Reporter
September 5, 2026, 9:00 am ET
I review a lot of phones, and most of the time, it’s easy to move on to the next handset. But the Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 8 gave me a problem I didn’t expect: I genuinely didn’t want to stop using it.
I fell for the adorable, passport-size foldable the moment I got my hands on it back in June at Samsung’s headquarters in Korea. It’s a compact doomscroller’s dream, with a versatile inner display that’s perfect for watching movies in landscape orientation or browsing social media in portrait. It’s also incredibly thin and lightweight, measuring just 4.5 millimeters thick when unfolded and 9.7mm when folded, while weighing just 201 grams. I can hardly tell it’s in my pocket, and I love the way it feels in my hands.
Beyond its functionality, the Z Fold 8 is an eye-catching statement piece. It’s been the center of attention at many gatherings, soliciting “oohs” and “aahs” from friends and passersby alike. 
Over the past few years, phone-makers have rolled out their fair share of innovative designs, from the ultraslim Galaxy S25 Edge, iPhone Air and Galaxy Z Fold 7 to the futuristic Honor Robot Phone. But somehow, none has left a lasting impression on me quite like the palm-size Z Fold 8. It’s not only incredibly satisfying to hold, but it’s also one of the most practical phones I’ve ever used. Its biggest drawback, perhaps, is having to step outside of Apple’s ecosystem — and risk getting booted from my group chats for “turning” messages green. (It’s shallow, but it’s true.)
With Apple expected to unveil its own passport-size foldable iPhone at its Sept. 9 event, the Z Fold 8 will either find itself living in that high-profile device’s shadow or benefit from renewed interest in foldable phones.
The Z Fold 8 is by no means perfect. It only has two rear cameras, a 50-megapixel wide and 50-megapixel ultrawide — no telephoto here. The 4,800-mAh battery is good enough to last a day and then some, but it’s not shattering any records. The device doesn’t have built-in magnets for Qi2 charging, which is disappointing for a phone released in 2026. It’s also wildly expensive, with a $1,900 starting price. 
But the Z Fold 8 has something that outweighs all those downsides: a design that’s genuinely enjoyable to use. I can fire off texts and emails on the 5.5-inch cover screen, which, despite its compact size, never feels cramped. When I open it up, the 7.6-inch inner display gives me plenty of room to multitask or stream videos. Turn the Z Fold 8 on its side, and it transforms into a slab phone-tablet hybrid — perfect for scrolling through Instagram or hacking away in Google Docs.
Rumors suggest the foldable iPhone, speculatively dubbed the iPhone Ultra, could have a similar 4:3 aspect ratio. That means it may also feature some of the drawbacks of a more pocketable design, like scaled-back cameras and battery life compared to nonfolding premium phones. But if the iPhone Ultra’s design is anything like the Z Fold 8’s, it’s possible people won’t mind the trade-offs.
“With Apple, even when consumers are not getting the best value for money but it’s a novelty, they care less,” Francisco Jeronimo, vice president of client devices at International Data Corporation, told me late last month. “For the iPhone ‘Fold,’ consumers will not compare specs; either they want the form factor or not,” Jeronimo said. “They will be willing to compromise on the camera because they want the foldable.”
I’m curious to see how Apple could reshape this evolving category and nudge it forward. IDC forecasts that global foldable shipments will grow more than 12% this year, with Apple’s expected entry helping to drive that growth. The research firm also expects Apple to ship more than 17 million foldable iPhones by 2027, giving the company nearly 40% global market share by the end of next year.
Maybe Apple will surprise us with a more traditional book-style foldable, like the Galaxy Z Fold 8 Ultra or the Pixel 11 Pro Fold. Both are excellent phones that earned strong CNET reviews, but with more standard foldable designs, I can’t say I find myself reaching for either one as often as I do the Z Fold 8. So I’m crossing my fingers that Apple has another irresistible foldable up its sleeve — one that can compete for my attention.

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
35,2026-09-05,"
		Our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission.	
Tech > Mobile
The company will pay some iPhone owners to settle a lawsuit, and with a new court order, that will now happen months earlier than expected.
Senior Writer
Senior Writer
September 5, 2026, 10:02 am ET
Apple is settling a lawsuit related to the delayed rollout of Apple Intelligence features.
The legal machinery for class-action settlements grinds slowly, but a court order in Apple’s $250 million case over its iPhone AI features will potentially speed things up by seven months.
Apple settled a false-advertising lawsuit in May, agreeing to pay $250 million to customers who bought some iPhone models during a specified period. The lawsuit alleged that Apple misled customers by promising AI features that didn’t ship when the new devices did. If you purchased an iPhone 16 or iPhone 15 at launch, you may be entitled to receive a portion of the quarter-billion-dollar lawsuit. Payouts between $25 and $95 per eligible device are expected.
Apple lit up its flagship New York City store to resemble Siri’s new color scheme.
In an earlier statement to CNET Managing Editor David Lumb, an Apple spokesperson said, “Apple has reached a settlement to resolve claims related to the availability of two additional features. We resolved this matter to stay focused on doing what we do best, delivering the most innovative products and services to our users.”
On July 17, according to an email from Clarkson Law Firm, “The Court has granted preliminary approval of the settlement … This means the Court has reviewed the proposed terms and found them sufficient to move forward to the next phase; it is not a final ruling on the settlement’s fairness.” 
The latest Aug. 13 order moves up the final approval date.
When Apple advertised its new iPhone 16 lineup in 2024, it emphasized how the models were optimized for AI features such as an enhanced Siri that could act as an intelligent agent. When the phones did arrive, Apple Intelligence wasn’t yet ready; its first features didn’t arrive until iOS 18.1, five weeks later.
According to the proposed settlement, “Apple allegedly saturated the market with deceptive ads, inducing consumers to purchase iPhones based on the promise of certain enhanced Siri features.”
Some features of Apple Intelligence did ship soon after the introduction of the iPhone 16 and iOS 18, including Visual Intelligence, Live Translation, Writing Tools, Genmoji and Clean Up. But those weren’t the advanced features Apple highlighted. In fact, the type of intelligent interactions Apple advertised are only starting to show up in Siri AI, which is part of iOS 27 that’s expected to be released later this year. The public beta of iOS 27 is available now.
People who bought one of the following devices between June 10, 2024, and March 29, 2025, are eligible to receive a settlement payment:
The iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max are included because they had the processor and memory to run Apple Intelligence features.
It’s estimated that approximately 36 million customers are eligible for this settlement.
For now, you need to wait.
As set forth in the settlement, Apple will provide a list of eligible customers and their contact information to a settlement administrator. 
After the data has been verified, the company Verita will send email and postal notices to those customers directing them to a settlement website. That site has not yet been created. The deadline for filing your claim will be 90 days after your notice arrives.
According to the settlement, Apple needed to provide the information about affected customers within five days of the settlement approval. As of late July, preliminary approval has been granted by the court.
After the data is provided and verified, a 45-day notice period begins to inform potential consumers that they’re eligible for a payment.
On Aug. 13, US District Court Judge Noël Wise granted approval to push forward the date from Sept. 29, 2027, to Feb. 24, 2027.
Provided approval is granted, that puts the first checks or deposits arriving sometime within a 60-day window after February next year, depending on court dates and possible extensions.

		© 2026 CNET, a Ziff Davis company. All rights reserved. 	"
36,2026-09-05,"This newsletter does not include sponsored posts, affiliate links, or ads (except the ones we make fun of together). Analytics and tracking are disabled. And there is no paid upgrade or AI-generated content. Enjoy!
“Sir, we don’t have a prototype or a price for the Spartan ad.”
“But we do have a mime.”
Mimic Systems Inc. wouldn’t ship its first product until nearly two years after it began appearing, every month, in almost every Commodore 64 magazine. And when enthusiasts finally got their hands on the Spartan in 1986, its specs felt as old as that mime’s haunting face.
Magazine reviews were tepid at best, with Mark Brown giving it two stars in INFO Issue 12. “Mimic’s Spartan is a noble experiment that just plain took too long to get to market. With all the software available by now for the Commodore 64, the Spartan’s major purpose is gone…It is both a brave attempt at something challenging and a make-believe kind of device. Don Quixote would have loved it.”
Individual users were less diplomatic. “I used it for a month & was constantly on the phone for tech support until I got tired of all the bugs & called it quits,” someone named Phil complained in the comp.sys.cmb USENET group.
And yet, one fully kitted model went for more than $5,500 in an October 2024 auction, while multiple others also received over than half that amount from bidders. 
Announced in 1984. Shipped in 1986. Product market fit in 2024. But what did the Spartan actually do when it eventually hit the market? I’ll let the mime explain. 
“We’ve settled on a price. But we haven’t settled on our favorite prototype.”
“But we have settled on our favorite mime.”
Like all of my favorite bad ads, this one starts off bizarre at first glance and only gets weirder the closer you look. 
The lack of ellipsis and proper alignment between the red header text and “WITH THIS” is jarring but forgivable. Putting a guy in whiteface in front of a white background is a choice. Especially next to the semi transparent grey text (which is itself a hodgepodge of competitors and irrelevant hardware peripherals, including former newsletter darling Corvus hard drives). My favorite blink-and-you’ll-miss-it detail, though, is that the mime’s face is printed on the box. STOP. WHY.
[It’s worth mentioning that the guy in these photos is, based on far too much research, not Billy Scudder, the Charlie Chaplain impersonator from IBM’s not-bad tech ads.]
At least we finally know what Mimic Systems is selling: An Apple ][+ emulator for the Commodore 64. And David L. Farquhar from The Silicon Underground has an excellent explanation for why someone would even want that. The Commodore 64, which launched in September 1982, “cost half as much as any other 64K computer. But there wasn’t a lot of software for it during its first couple of years on the market…Meanwhile, the Apple II+ had thousands of software titles available for it, including the spreadsheet Visicalc.” Apple’s computer also ran for $1,195. 
“If you could buy a module to give yourself both a C-64 and an Apple II+ and let the monitor and printer do double-duty, you stood to save 600 bucks. In inflation-adjusted dollars, that was $1305,” Farquhar explains. Half the price for compatibility with all of the same software* and hardware. The only problem was the ][+ was discontinued by 1983, a year before the first ad from our productless mime and two years prior to the second campaign (the one above).
[* The Spartan’s “version of BASIC was not fully compatible with Applesoft BASIC while most of the stuff on the market at that time that would run on a ][+ was still in BASIC,” according to a Usenet thread.]
Not entirely clear in either of the first two ads, Mimic Systems’ device was a full blown Apple ][+ clone. Its hardware was similar to Franklin’s Ace machines (which, remember, had their own bad ads) while its ROM was jumbled just enough–while still being mostly Apple compatible–to avoid the lawsuits Franklin faced with their more exact copies.
Ultimately, the Commodore would provide some juice to the Spartan in a few narrow applications. But in most cases, it was barely more than a passthrough keyboard, if you had the deskspace to smush the two computers together.
“Sir, finally, we have a finished product. How do you want to photograph it?”
“...”
“No. No, we can’t. He packed up and moved his miming to Portland. Please.”
“Give him anything he wants. Just bring him in.”
It took its sweet time but now all could see its final form. “This 12” deep by nearly 5” high C-64-gray plastic container is exactly the same width as the 64,” reads a 1986 review in Ahoy! magazine. You literally had to “mate” the two machines together, connecting the cartridge port, printer port, power input and a few others when the backplate of the Commodore bumped up against the frontplate of the Spartan. “The top surface of the box, which is easily removable to allow for internal access, is the right size and of sufficient structural strength to support a 1702 color monitor.”
“It has the distinction of being the only 64 peripheral that when operational turned the 64 into a peripheral,” one user joked on Lemon64. The whole point was running Apple ][+ software, though, something the Spartan was still struggling with long after announcing its “instant evolution.”
Brent Marykuca remembered how, in 1985, “I (at the tender age of 19) was hired to work as the lead software developer on a product dubbed ‘The Spartan’ a Frankenstinian creation the likes of which we will not see again.” There was a button for flipping the monitor between the Commodore’s output and the Spartan’s, along with a DIY LED hanging loosely outside the case that changed color based on which was currently selected.  You had to wire up dozens of jumpers. Nothing screams scary mime quite like the included DOS card, however. 
The optional add-on was “installed inside the Commodore 1541 disk drive, between the drive mechanism and the 1541 logic board,” according to Brent. “In 1541 mode, the 'DOS Card' simply passed signals through from the 1541 logic, but at the flick of a switch (F6, I believe) it would take over the mechanism and turn the thing into an Apple II drive. As you can imagine, the potential for grave damage to both Apple II and 1541 diskettes was enormous and often realized.”
I found half a dozen reviews that mentioned the DOS card and every single one said the finished Frankenstein ran as loud as a mime is quiet. None of the reviewers could reassemble the casing after connecting the wad of cables and gluing the add-on board to the plastic with four provided sticky feet. Multiple magazine articles admitted the DOS card bricked their drives during tests. And that was after the price had been slashed.
“How Mimic managed to put a retail price of only $300 (only half what it was supposed to sell for originally) on the Spartan is unbelievable. You get at least $300 worth of parts in the thing,” based on the INFO’s two-star review. And that brings us back to comments from Mimic’s teenage lead developer about why they were so late to market.  
Brent recalls how there were “weekly changes to the design by the president of the company (he would typically change it back the following week), frequent unmotivated firings of technical staff (he fired three in one day I remember, one guy because he was watching the plotter draw a circuit board design rather than working), and a draconian management style (we were paid by the hour and required to 'clock out' to go to the bathroom).” He quit shortly after the Spartan finally launched.
Before later joining Apple as a senior engineer in the early 2000s, Brent claimed that, “the president of the company wrote himself a big cheque from the payroll account and took off for South America.” His claim is quoted as fact all over forums and blogs that are still live today, despite the final four words of his story: “according to legend, anyhow.”
That bugged me. So I did some digging. There were no records of Mimic Systems’ president that I could find. But, assuming they’re accurate, there was a Conversion/Dissolve company filing on June 13, 1985 (before the sale of a single Spartan!) followed by incorporation as a sole proprietorship on October 24, 1985. It’s not hard to believe that the guy who kept putting his favorite mime in computer ads took the money and ran. I just hope the mime went with him.
Cited References:
Info Issue 12, 1986 (Mark Brown review) (Internet Archive)
Phil's complaint, comp.sys.cbm USENET group (Google Groups)
October 2024 Spartan auction listing (Facebook)
TPUG Magazine Feb '85 (Internet Archive)
Corvus Systems OMNINET (Such Bad Tech Ads)
Billy Scudder interview (Internet Archive)
Ode to the Spartan (The Silicon Underground)
BASIC compatibility discussion, comp.sys.cbm USENET group (Google Groups)
Franklin Ace 1000 (Such Bad Tech Ads)
INFO Magazine Sep '85
Spartan review, Ahoy! magazine Sep 1986 (Mike Naberezny scan)
Spartan/Commodore 64 discussion (Lemon64)
Brent Marykuca's account of working on the Spartan (Applefritter)
Mimic Systems Conversion/Dissolve filing, June 13, 1985 (OpenCorporates)
Mimic Systems sole proprietorship filing, October 24, 1985 (B2BHint)
Uncited References:
Apple II Box for C64 (Vintage Computing)
Spartan for Commodore 64 by Mimic System (Vintage Computer Museum)
Spartan manuals and drivers (Mike Naberezny)
MIMIC Spartan (Megalextoria)
Rare Apple II Clone Found! Mimic Spartan for Commodore 64 (YouTube)
Testing the Mimic Spartan Apple II Clone (YouTube)
Proud supporter of Kagi's Small Web initiative.
[If this page ever becomes unavailable, all Such Bad Tech Ads newsletters, images, and links are regularly archived in the Wayback Machine]
A beloved hometown impersonator had no idea what he was signing up for with this photoshoot.
Cool product, weird marketing, and really, really poor timing for a proprietary solution."
37,2026-09-05,"I've bought several refurbished phones over the years. Some looked brand new on arrival, but a few had only half a day's battery life. I never had a reliable way of knowing exactly what I was getting.
This prompted me to investigate and compare the published standards from major manufacturer programs and large marketplaces. A gap exists between what is tested, replaced, and guaranteed — and that gap can mean the difference between buying a device that holds up and one that's an expensive surprise waiting to happen in a few months.
Not all USB-C chargers are the same, and most people are unfamiliar with PPS chargers. 
 Refurbished badges may look identical, but one device may be refurbished by the manufacturer, while another is refurbished by an independent seller working to the marketplace's requirements. Sadly, the product pages rarely show the path that the device in your cart went through.
The clearest factory-direct version I know of is Apple’s Certified Refurbished program. This program passes any recovered or returned device through comprehensive functional testing, cleaning, and inspection. This process detects and replaces faulty parts with genuine Apple components. It also provides a new battery and outer shell for iPhones and iPads. Finally, it ships these products in new boxes and includes a one-year limited warranty; AppleCare+ is available.
The Back Market model differs: independent sellers perform refurbishing under its Quality Charter. This process is done by independent sellers who work under its Quality Charter. Listing requires testing of ports, cameras, biometrics, buttons, and battery condition. Back Market uses seller scores and buyer-protection measures. The main difference here is that the manufacturers are not the ones doing the actual refurbishing.
Samsung has a Certified Re-Newed program, and the refurbishing path is similar to what Apple offers. I'm not suggesting one is superior, but simply pointing out that ""refurbished"" only indicates the device isn't new. Who decides if that device is fit for resale is a different story, which you must pay attention to even before considering the price.
 Refurbished devices often include a cosmetic grade, and it's easy to assume this is a full device report when it's simply reporting on the device's exterior.
With Back Market, there is a clean separation of both because it uses grades that describe visible wear. There's a Premium grade that implies no sign of use when viewed from a normal viewing distance, but lower grades indicate light or more noticeable marks. The grades describe appearance; Back Market says the devices are fully functional regardless of grade.
eBay uses the same split. It uses Excellent, Very Good, and Good for tracking cosmetic wear. Again, regardless of the grade, these are all fully functional. So a phone that is ""Good"" isn't automatically worse than one that's ""Excellent."" However, it shows more visible surface wear.
If you find a spotless ""Excellent"" listing, you still don't know anything about its battery or other internal components from that grade alone, and you have no extra information on how thoroughly it was tested.
For individual sites, you must read what their top grade promises before drawing any conclusions.
You may get a phone that looks untouched, yet just three months later, it needs to be plugged in after every hour of use.
The standard for refurbished phones on Apple and Samsung’s Certified Re-Newed programs includes battery replacement. Back Market requires 80% battery capacity, so as long as the phone meets this minimum, you may be buying a phone that still has its original cells.
These are three different companies with three different battery requirements grouped under the same word. One marketplace sets 80% as the minimum battery capacity for the refurbished phones it sells, but this isn't a universal floor. An 80% battery can still work perfectly well, but it won't have the same capacity as a fresh battery.
When a device is refurbished, check the battery health as soon as you receive it. This allows you to make a decision while the return window remains open. The number you see says more than a universal ""refurbished"" stamp does.
While returns protect your decision to buy, warranties protect your decision to keep the device. Around day forty, the difference often becomes obvious. By then, the return window may have closed, and the seller's promise becomes the only difference between a working device and a paperweight.
Apple's Certified Refurbished devices carry the same one-year limited warranty as new Apple products. Back Market attaches a one-year warranty to every sale and a free return window of 30 days. eBay Certified Refurbished is backed by two years of coverage handled through Allstate; there's one-year coverage on its Excellent, Very Good, and Good tiers.
It's good to know how long this coverage lasts, but that's just one side of the promise. The questions worth asking are: Who processes the claim? Does the remedy imply a replacement or a repair? Are you still covered if the original seller can't be found? We focus on price changes from one refurbished listing to another, but the promises aren't always the same, and that deserves some attention too.
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved
This space is open for discussion.
Be the first to share your thoughts.

The best of MakeUseOf, directly in your inbox.
By subscribing, you agree to receive newsletter and marketing emails, and accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe anytime."
38,2026-09-05,"SIPs offer disciplined mutual fund investing, with options tailored to different goals, income patterns and market conditions. Regular, top-up, goal-based, step-up, flex, perpetual, trigger and multi-SIPs provide varying levels of flexibility, automation and diversification. Choosing the right type depends on financial goals, cash flow, risk appetite, investment horizon and market knowledge.
Best MF to invest
 Looking for the best mutual funds to invest? Here are our recommendations.

(Catch all the Mutual Fund News, Breaking News, Budget 2024 Events and Latest News Updates on The Economic Times.)
Subscribe to The Economic Times Prime and read the ET ePaper online.
(Catch all the Mutual Fund News, Breaking News, Budget 2024 Events and Latest News Updates on The Economic Times.)
Subscribe to The Economic Times Prime and read the ET ePaper online.

Season of change in accounting policy: A simple AI prompt can tell you a lot
Is crude oil becoming a financial problem?
Patent Cliff approaching: Can Indian pharma companies repeat past success?
Q1 investment numbers look stellar, but are we celebrating too early?
ET Prime special: Bigger, Better or Both? Understanding business to figure out the mystery: Power Grid Corp – Part 1
ET Prime special series: 2013 to 2026. Not years, but evidence: Power Grid, Part 2
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Commodities
Top Story Listing
Top Slideshow
Private Companies
Top Prime Articles
Top Definitions
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime









                 Connect with an ETPrime expert for personalized support and guidance
                
What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
39,2026-09-05,"The ride-hailing giant exited one of its oldest markets this week, and the timing says everything."
40,2026-09-05,"Kotak Securities estimates ITC’s tobacco business is valued at just 11X forward earnings, suggesting potential undervaluation. The brokerage sees stronger growth in non-tobacco businesses and believes splitting ITC’s tobacco and non-tobacco operations could unlock significant shareholder value.
Kotak Securities sees ITC’s tobacco business as undervalued and believes separating tobacco from faster-growing non-tobacco operations could unlock substantial value for shareholders.

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

An old India Inc habit: Ignore the nudge, wait for the stick
Season of change in accounting policy: A simple AI prompt can tell you a lot
Is crude oil becoming a financial problem?
Patent Cliff approaching: Can Indian pharma companies repeat past success?
Q1 investment numbers look stellar, but are we celebrating too early?
ET Prime special: Bigger, Better or Both? Understanding business to figure out the mystery: Power Grid Corp – Part 1
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Prime Articles
Private Companies
Top Story Listing
Top Definitions
Most Searched IFSC Codes
Top Slideshow
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime









                 Connect with an ETPrime expert for personalized support and guidance
                
What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
41,2026-09-05,"Short sellers love to profit from biotech's big fails. The category remains their favorite to bet against because roughly two-thirds of publicly traded biotech companies ultimately go broke one way or another, losing money for investors.
This summer, however, that strategy went bust. Biotech has experienced unusual success with some of the category's biggest, longest cancer moonshots coming to fruition.
On August 19, Moderna announced positive late-stage results from a melanoma trial, sending its stock surging 177% — up to $174 per share — on the promise of the very first personalized cancer vaccine. A week later, on August 26, another astounding development: The FDA approved a pill to help treat late-stage prostate cancer. The drug is a new molecular ""glue"" from Revolution Medicines, a Silicon Valley-based biotech company, and it's capable of drugging so-called undruggable cancer targets.
""This is a whole new era,"" Dr. Andrew Coveler, who directs the Fred Hutch Pancreatic Cancer Specialty Clinic in Seattle, said. ""I'm almost tired of saying paradigm shift, but I haven't figured out a new phrase.""
These medicines are both used in concert with existing drugs, and neither is considered a cure for cancer. Instead, they're seen as breakthrough options that open up a new playing field for fighting cancer, targeting different mutations, and training the immune system in new ways.
The moves prompted a huge surge of cash for investors in the companies, prompting celebration at corporate offices.
""We raised our glass of champagne, but now back to work,"" Dr. Alan Sandler, the chief development officer at Revolution Medicines, said.
The successes weren't always obvious, though.
Two innovators — a chemical biologist and an oncologist — had both the vision and the capital to finally make these groundbreaking ideas work, despite many failures before.
Try a
                                  Level Up action pack.
Build a simple hydration routine to boost energy, focus, and daily performance.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.

                                    Add BI in Google so our reporting is easier to find when you’re searching for what matters.
                                  
In 2012, after four years of pleading for cash, Greg Verdine finally scrounged up the investors to give him $125 million for a cancer drug.
He didn't have a drug yet. In fact, he wasn't exactly sure how it could be made. He just had an idea inspired by nature for targeting one of cancer's most ""undruggable"" mutations, RAS.
The problem with RAS is that it is so smooth. Unlike other molecules, this protein has no characteristic sticky pockets or holes for a drug to glom onto. Even if you could figure out how to attach something to the smooth surface of this protein, you'd run the risk of having your therapy stick onto everything else in the body, too, potentially damaging healthy organs.
This is why most chemists before him gave up and called RAS an impossible mutation to target, even though it often drives tumor growth in some very tough-to-treat cancers, including pancreatic cancer, colon cancer, and lung cancer.
""I just found it totally unacceptable, pathetic, that we would say, 'Oh, well!' You've got all these patients,"" Verdine said. ""We know exactly what's driving their cancer, but 'Oh, that's undruggable.' Come on!""
Verdine knew that molecular glues already existed in the natural world. Compounds produced by bacteria and fungi cause proteins to bind together, altering their function without completely destroying them. Some immunosuppressive drugs for organ transplantation take advantage of that biology.
The remaining question was: How can you engineer a new way to do that, targeting the ""undruggable"" RAS cancer mutation? By sticking the drug to another target, then gluing it onto RAS.
""People told me it was crazy. It'll never work,"" Verdine told Business Insider. ""It's the combination of a target that's never been drugged before, and drugging it in a way that's never been done before. That sounds like compounding risks.""
It turns out, Verdine is a pretty persuasive guy. He flew to France, where investors at Sanofi, a large French pharmaceutical company, were intrigued by his bullishness and agreed to pay 50% of his Series A funding round for his startup Warp Drive Bio.
""There was no IP. There was nothing. It was just an idea that we could drug RAS using molecular glue technology, and I had no idea how you might do it,"" Verdine said.
In 2018, the technology Verdine pioneered at Warp Drive was acquired by Revolution Medicines, where the chemistry was finessed further. Fourteen years after his initial bet, the FDA approved a drug by Revolution last week that does exactly what Verdine imagined.
Former Nebraska Republican Sen. Ben Sasse, who has stage 4 pancreatic cancer, calls Revolution's pill, which he's been taking in a clinical trial, a ""miracle"" worker for reducing both his pain and dramatically shrinking tumor volume.
""I have much, much less pain than I had four months ago, when I was diagnosed,"" Sasse told ""60 Minutes"" in April. ""And I have a massive 76% reduction in tumor volume.""
For now, the drug, called Rasonque, is chiefly recommended for patients with advanced cancer and is meant to be used after chemotherapy. It costs about $40,000 a month, before insurance, and side effects include rashes, mouth sores, and some diarrhea.
For cancer doctor Tal Zaks, former chief medical officer at Moderna, the ambition was similar.
He knew a cancer vaccine could work. It just required the right architecture, asking the right questions, and conducting the right trial at the right time.
Oh, yes, and also lots of cash, including a $450 million deal with Keytruda-maker Merck to co-develop the technology.
""Where the naysayers are right in this regard is that for cancer vaccines, neither mice data nor phase 1 data even are indicative of whether it's going to work, so you're really taking a very large financial bet just based on first principle beliefs,"" Zaks said.
""The truth is that from a business perspective, this one was tough — it was a high risk, high reward type bet — it required a significant investment of capital.""
He knew lots of cancer vaccines had failed before. He was confident there was a way to win, though, if the immune system was called up in the right way and at the right time.
Moderna's melanoma vaccine harnesses the genetic makeup of each patient's tumor — teaching the body to attack its own unique cancer mutations. It's administered after a patient's initial treatment and is designed to reduce the risk of cancer recurrence.
""That's really the success of Moderna. I was very adamant when we started this at Moderna that we either funded to the end of a randomized phase 2 or it's not worth doing,"" he said, referring to the mid-stage clinical trial where researchers tested their vaccine against standard methods for preventing relapse. 
The results were a ""wow,"" Zaks said, with Moderna's vaccine almost cutting in half the risk of skin cancer recurring. ""This is not about curing mice or showing cool data for a scientific publication. This is about getting conclusive proof.""
Moderna's new vaccine for melanoma patients is not FDA-approved, but could be on shelves as soon as 2027, pending a positive review. Common side effects include things you'd expect for a vaccine: some fatigue, chills, and mild pain at the injection site.
But there are caveats to this medication, too. It has to be taken in concert with Keytruda, a $12,000 to $25,000 IV immunotherapy. It also has to be used after a person's tumor has already been surgically removed.
Of course, there were other discoveries along the way that helped shepherd these breakthroughs, including a far better understanding of cancer genetics, a few key technical solutions, and additional cancer drugs that work in concert with the new technologies. In short, decades of plodding, hard work by scientists across the country and around the world.
""It's taken at least 40 years,"" mRNA vaccine researcher Phil Felgner, a University of California, Irvine professor who helped develop early versions of the lipid nanoparticle technology that powers the new vaccines, said. ""It's taken this much time for it to mature.""
And the work isn't over. Revolution is testing a pill for lung cancer, and seeing how its drugs might compete head-to-head against chemotherapy. Moderna is testing vaccines for lung, bladder, and kidney cancers.
These are ""approaches that, hopefully, over time will have less toxic side effects to patients, and more targeted effects on the cancer,"" Dr. Christopher Flowers, division head of cancer medicine at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, said.
All accomplished with some new glue and a shot.
""Ideas sound simple once you get it out, and then there's elegance in that,"" Coveler, the pancreatic cancer doctor, said. ""But I think the design and the specificity of these things was in no way easy to figure out.""
This article is not a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always consult your qualified physician or healthcare provider.
No comments right now, check back later.
Comments are unavailable right now.
Jump to"
42,2026-09-05,"BREAKING: U.S. Hits Three Iran Ships In Retaliation; Apple, Inflation Data Ahead

Dow Jones futures will open Sunday evening, along with S&P 500 futures and Nasdaq futures. U.S.-Iran news remains in focus while an Apple iPhone event and key inflation reports headline the coming week. The stock market had a mixed week, but showed promising action after a difficult start. The major indexes rebounded back above their 21-day moving averages. That's despite…
Copyright ©2026 Investor's Business Daily, LLC. All rights reserved. 87990cbe856818d5eddac44c7b1cdeb8

9/04/2026
					Find out which top-rated stocks have just earned a spot on IBD's lists of the best growth stocks.				

9/04/2026
					Find out which top-rated stocks have just earned a spot...				
(© Dave Cutler)
Get instant access to exclusive stock lists, expert market analysis and powerful tools with 2 months of IBD Digital for only $20!
Get market updates, educational videos, webinars, and stock analysis.
Learn how you can make more money with IBD's investing tools, top-performing stock lists, and educational content.
Information in Investor’s Business Daily is for informational and educational purposes only and should not be construed as an offer, recommendation, solicitation, or rating to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, but we make no guarantee as to its accuracy, timeliness, or suitability, including with respect to information that appears in closed captioning. Historical investment performances are no indication or guarantee of future success or performance. Authors/presenters may own the stocks they discuss. We make no representations or warranties regarding the advisability of investing in any particular securities or utilizing any specific investment strategies. Information is subject to change without notice. For information on use of our services, please see our Terms of Use.
*Real-time prices by Nasdaq Last Sale. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. Ownership data provided by LSEG and Estimate data provided by FactSet.
IBD, IBD Digital, IBD Live, IBD Weekly, Investor's Business Daily, Leaderboard, MarketDiem, MarketSurge and other marks are trademarks owned by Investor's Business Daily, LLC.
©2026 Investor’s Business Daily, LLC. All Rights Reserved."
43,2026-09-05,"Action cameras gained popularity in the early 2000s when GoPro introduced the Hero as a simple, small, and rugged 35mm film camera that could be taken along on outdoor adventures to capture photos in almost any condition. When the digital version came out in 2006, simply known as the Digital Hero, it started what would become an epic chapter in the history of videography. Outdoor and adventure enthusiasts could capture moments from a first-person perspective like no other camera has been able to do in the past.
GoPro dominated the action camera category from the early 2000s until 2019, when DJI entered the market with the Osmo Action. Since then, other brands in this category such as Insta360 and a slew of other cheaper brands became available, but it was always going to be tough to dislodge GoPro from its dominance in the category it created, and only a few brands were able to keep up (and in some cases exceed) the GoPro's quality. We researched the different action camera brands, and came up with a top four, ranking them from worst to best in this category. Here are our top picks.
Akaso's pitch has always been to offer a GoPro-spec action camera at a much lower cost, and if you looked at the price of the line up and the specs, it would be easy to see where Akaso had the potential to disrupt the market, that is until you had some hands-on experience with the brand. Akaso is a Shenzhen-based action camera brand that launched in 2016, building industry-standard parts into an action camera format. The Akaso EK7000 was first launched as a direct competitor to the GoPro Hero 4, but was priced at $60, which was a fraction of the Hero 4's price at $499. It came with 4K, 25-30 fps capability, a 20MP camera, 170-degree field of view, and waterproofing of up to 98 feet.
The Hero 4 at the time had similar specifications, which lagged behind the Akaso in terms of still camera pixel density. The specs were good on paper, but didn't translate into a superior-quality product. Besides the fact that GoPro had super image processing capability, Akaso couldn't beat the GoPro's app ecosystem, and fell short on build quality. Today, Akaso's Brave 8 is the brand's best shot at competing directly with the GoPro Hero 13 Black, and even though it matches or beats the GoPro Hero 13 Black on spec, it falls short on the mobile application, image stabilization, and GoPro's extensive accessory ecosystem. Akaso also recently entered the 360 market, offering the Akaso 360 as a cheaper alternative to the Insta360 X5, but lags behind it in terms of battery life, video capture, and waterproofing. Akaso ends up last on our list, as the lower price is nice but can't justify its shortcomings versus its competitors.
Insta360 comes in at third on our list as the brand that shaped the 360-degree action shooting category, pitching a ""shoot now, frame later"" product that has proven quite versatile. The company entered the action camera market in 2017 with the Insta360 One, and initially occupied a niche that was underserved among its competitors. The Insta360 One came out with a 4K 30fps 360-degree camera with a lower resolution 60fps mode. Its real strength was its mobile application, where 360-degree footage could be edited and the point of view adjusted throughout the video as needed.
Today, Insta360 has an extensive line of camera platforms, and has the Ace Pro 2 that competes directly with the GoPro Hero 13 Black and DJI Osmo Action 6. It offers comparatively good video and build quality and falls into the same price range. The Ace Pro 2 can be considered alongside the models from GoPro and DJI, but lags behind these single-lens models in terms of waterproofing, heating while shooting at 8K, and accessory ecosystem . Insta360's X6 is its modern-day flagship that now dominates the GoPro Max 2 and DJI Osmo 360, and still sets Insta360 apart from its rivals in terms of 360 degree shooting and post-capture processing.
DJI came in second place on our list as a consumer drone manufacturer that started producing action cameras that today offer better quality than GoPro's Hero 13 Black. DJI launched its first drone in 2013, but the Phantom 1 was built to carry a GoPro. That dependency was quickly removed when the Phantom 2 arrived with DJI's first gimballed camera. The DJI Osmo Action camera was announced as a direct rival to the GoPro Hero in 2019. DJI had cut its teeth on camera technology on its Phantom drone series, and took on the action camera category as part of its market expansion strategy. At the time, the Osmo Action compared well with the GoPro Hero 7 Black. Both the DJI and GoPro models came with 4K 60fps video and 12MP still camera capability. Both models had good stabilization, but the Osmo Action was behind on video quality, and didn't have a comparable accessory ecosystem.
Today, things have changed, and DJI's Osmo Action 6 dominates the Hero 13 Black on video and image quality. It comes with a 1/1.1-inch CMOS sensor that is larger than the 1/1.9-inch sensor on the Hero 13 Black, offering superior low-light performance. It also has almost twice the battery life of the GoPro and is rated to go twice as deep underwater. The Osmo Action 6 is one of the seven best cameras from DJI, and features online reviews of eight out of ten consistently. DJI's Osmo 360 II also compares well against the Insta360 X6, offering similar video capabilities and better storage, but falls short on battery life. Overall, DJI performs really well in the action camera category, but GoPro recently launched a product that took the category to a completely different level of capability.
GoPro is responsible for the action camera category, and today takes the top spot in our list not necessarily because of standout spec, but because of the brand's balance between high-spec cameras, a well-designed downloading and editing app, and extensive range of accessories, like these five useful accessories GoPro owners swear by. As we've seen in the previous contender comparisons, the latest Hero model compares well on spec, but beats its competition on overall robustness and benefits from years of experience and market exposure, but the days when the Hero retained flagship status are over.
GoPro would have realized that competition like DJI was hot on its heels, which is why it's no surprise that it offered a niche action camera described as a compact cinematic camera system. GoPro launched the GoPro Mission 1 series in May 2026, and is without doubt the greatest action camera ever made. Comparisons become difficult when you consider that the Mission 1 costs $599.99 (or $499.99 for subscribers), pushing it into an entirely different price bracket. The Mission 1 features a one-inch sensor that enables very good low-light performance and is capable of capturing 50MP still images and 8k 60fps or 4k 120fps video. Future Hero models will undoubtedly benefit from the advancements seen on the Mission 1, and as long as the brand can contain category cannibalization, GoPro could reclaim market share from DJI and Insta360.
The action camera market is relatively narrow in terms of high-spec, robust action camera brands. In order to choose our top four, we focused not only on photo and video specs, but also overall robustness, ease of use, and available range of accessories. Availability of accessories like gimbals, mounts, lenses, storage options, external lighting, and microphones expands action camera capabilities, and can significantly improve results if used correctly. We also looked at mobile applications used to download and edit footage, where GoPro and Insta360 were standouts. An honorable mention has to go to the Sony FDR-X3000, which at the time of its release in 2016 beat the GoPro Hero 5 Black thanks to its outstanding optical quality, better low light performance, and good image stabilization.
While there are many budget action cameras out there, not many compare favorably to GoPro, DJI, or Insta360. We included Akaso as a ""best of the rest"" example. If you're in the market for a consumer-level action camera, it's no longer as straightforward as getting a GoPro and being on your way. Use case or even sport type plays a big role in selecting the right action camera for your needs. End-user support is another essential piece of the puzzle, and you have to consider the benefits of buying into a brand's ecosystem, where accessories and subscription options are often important value-adds."
44,2026-09-05,"Those who dipped their toes into smart technology are familiar with just how addictive acquiring these gadgets can be. For instance, there are now smart home sensors for homeowners that can help you upgrade nearly everything in your house, from energy monitors to water leak detection. That's also where it gets tricky. Along with seemingly limitless options, there seems to be a proportional number of manufacturers. 
Fortunately, some, like Aqara, have a wide range of products in almost all categories, which helps bust a fair share of analysis paralysis. Are these gadgets safe, though? Is Aqara Chinese-owned? The answer to both questions is yes. Aqara is owned by Lumi United, started in 2009 in Shenzhen, China. Going by its age alone, you could argue the brand is strong, and it also has the accolades to back it up. The company launched over 2,200 products in around 50 categories, which, according to Aqara, makes it the de facto leader in China when counting the number of products launched. 
What's even more impressive is its number of activated devices: 56 million worldwide. For all intents and purposes, Aqara is a trusted brand. Over the years, it has put out plenty of devices that consumers love, including the well-reviewed Aqara FP300 Presence Sensor and reasonably priced Aqara Doorbell Camera G400 that works with all major smart home platforms and doesn't require a subscription.
According to Aqara's online forums, many consumers are impressed with how well these sensors work within Xiaomi's smart home system. That's not an accident, as the two companies have a close relationship that goes as far back as 2015, when Lumi, Aqara's parent company, joined Xiaomi's ecosystem. Once you dig deeper, it's apparent that this relationship is enmeshed in more ways than one. 
For starters, Xiaomi is one of Lumi's biggest customers. The partnership was likely facilitated by Lin Zhen, president of Lumi, who was previously an executive at Xiaomi. When Lumi went public on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2026, it was revealed that Xiaomi contributed some 30% to the company's RMB 1.5 billion in annual revenue. Xiaomi owns nearly 8% of Lumi's shares, with companies like Midea also holding a minority piece of the pie, at about 1%. Aqara continues to expand, which is an impressive feat considering that its competitors include Wyze and Google Nest. 
In the last few years, the company made significant global strides. For instance, Aqara broadened its position in Europe by launching a store on Amazon Belgium and the Middle East by opening a 1,200 square foot showroom in Abu Dhabi. Aqara clearly has the quality and a strong strategy, so don't be surprised if you start running into its smart sensors and products a lot more in the next few years."
45,2026-09-05,"Lenovo, the Chinese tech brand that owns brands like Motorola and what was once IBM's ThinkPad line of laptops, owns some companies that you might not have realized. Over the years, the PC hardware maker has gained controlling shares or outright bought several companies to gain a better foothold around the world. It's also an easy way for Lenovo to then have that roster of tech products under its wings, with established manufacturers being subsumed.
Of course, it is a major brand in and of itself, with the various Lenovo-branded PCs and laptops available. But since this list is focused on lesser-known brands, we'll exclude Lenovo itself and its big-name sub-brands like Legion, Yoga, and Think, alongside Motorola's phone output, which is looking to shake things up with a Graphene OS phone that doesn't run Google's flavor of Android. With the Legion Go S, the company has even stepped into the ring with handheld PCs, launching one of the first non-Valve, non-Steam Deck or Steam Machine devices to run SteamOS out of the box.
So where else does Lenovo have its fingers, and in what pies is it sticking them? Some of these might have missed your news radar in the U.S., and it's an interesting selection.
In 2011, Lenovo became the majority shareholder in Medion AG, a German PC retailer. The deal was for $900 million, which would allow Lenovo an easy gateway into Europe, not just Germany. In Germany, Lenovo's share of the market grew to 14% — and across the whole of Western Europe, that figure rose to 7.5% of the market.
However, it wasn't until 2025 that Medion was bought outright. In January 2025, the company announced that it was pulling its stock exchange listing and transferring everything over to Lenovo. That said, Medion has continued to exist as a sub-brand for Lenovo, even providing a larger variety of products than its parent company does.
Medion produces and sells its own brand of TVs, laptops, PCs, and even kitchenware. U.K. retailers like eBuyer, Box and Scan have positioned the Medion Erazer line as an alternative to major brands in the gaming laptop space. Unfortunately, much like every other tech device at the moment, even these alternative brands won't come cheap.
Lenovo doesn't own Fujitsu outright, nor does it own any notable stake in the main Fujitsu brand. Rather, Lenovo has a major controlling stake — 51%, in fact — in the computer-manufacturing arm of the company, known as Fujitsu Client Computing Limited. The new ownership of the FCCL in 2018 was split, with 44% being owned by Fujitsu and 5% by the Development Bank of Japan Inc., alongside Lenovo's 51%.
This cost Lenovo $269 million, again, to get in the door via an already established entity — this time in Japan. At the time, Lenovo saw its stock rise 5%, and this power grab came just months after it had snapped up another Japanese PC division. NEC had also entered an agreement with Lenovo for a joint venture, again split 51% to 49%, but in 2016, it sold off shares to Lenovo, leaving it at 33.4% of shares owned.
Fujitsu mainly focuses on the business and enterprise side of things nowadays, with its Lifebook line of laptops not typically marketed for outside of work. However, while Fujitsu is doing fairly exciting things within the world of server processor chips, Lenovo doesn't own this side of the company's business, with its role starting and ending at the consumer-level products.
Lenovo didn't stop at Fujitsu and NEC with its designs on getting into Japan. In 2023, it bought up FCNT, a Japanese phone brand that makes Raku-Raku and Arrow smartphones. FCNT was originally Fujitsu Connected Technologies Limited, but Fujitsu split from the division entirely in 2016. In 2018, it transferred the Arrow and Raku-Raku branding to FCNT, ending its ties with consumer smartphones.
FCNT did not make a good go of it before Lenovo snapped the company up in 2023. That same year, FCNT announced it was filing for bankruptcy, after the pandemic and the ensuing semiconductor shortage ate into business. Meanwhile, more budget-friendly brands began to outpace FCNT's offerings — even the Raku-Raku brand that is aimed at the elderly.
FCNT still continues to make its own branded phones for the Japanese region, recently launching a rugged phone, the Arrows Alpha 2. Its other lineups include We, with the phone series now on its third iteration, the We 3. As expected, the company has also launched some AI features with the phone under its ""Arrows AI"" branding. In the press release announcing the deal, Lenovo was very clear that it intends to help FCNT grow, with its resources backing the company.
Lenovo's most recent major acquisition at the time of writing is a firmware technology maker. Original owner Phoenix Technologies sold off its consumer BIOS business to Lenovo, which had been providing firmware for more than 20 years. It has primarily been found in devices from the ThinkPad line of laptops. No financials were disclosed for the sale.
Phoenix Technologies is still a private company that provides software for enterprise, but it got its start on a much smaller, possibly more complex level. It originally started by producing its own version of the operating system DOS, and eventually cloned IBM PC BIOS in a ""clean room design.""
That meant not using any machine already active, or an engineer who had even seen IBM code. Instead, it was done using documentation published by IBM to recreate it step-by-step, then code was developed on another processor to essentially translate it into a wholly, and more importantly, legally distinct BIOS.
As with its other purchases, Lenovo snapped up Stoneware, Inc. to expand its cloud computing offerings. In its press release, Lenovo elaborated that it intended to integrate this into its then ""PC Plus"" offerings, which was around the time when Lenovo began to pivot into hybrid designs. That said, it's not clear where exactly this would come into play, or if it ever really did.
Now, Stoneware, Inc. is in the enterprise and educational sector. According to its LinkedIn page, Stoneware provides a ""Unified Workspace solution,"" which leverages its cloud technologies from within a browser for a file manager and application launcher. It also develops classroom management and monitoring software for educators to use. While there are no details on who, it states that it works alongside manufacturing and healthcare as well.
Lenovo, like a lot of other companies, is secretly just about everywhere. Unlike its major competitors like Apple and Dell, Lenovo appears to still allow some companies it acquires to work in an independent fashion."
46,2026-09-05,"On July 1, QXO Inc. (NYSE:QXO) finalized its cash-and-stock acquisition of TopBuild Corp. for a $17 billion consideration. This makes QXO North America’s lar..."
47,2026-09-05,President Donald Trump has spent 20 months promising that America was on the cusp of an economic boom.  The August job numbers might have been a welcome brea...
48,2026-09-05,"
Join the club for quick access. Enter your email below and we'll send confirmation, and sign you up to our newsletter.


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest about Microsoft
Updates, launches and rumors.
Latest about AI.
AI updates, how-tos and comparisons in one place.

Explore your membership benefits.


Stay Ahead with Windows Central


Get the biggest gaming news, reviews, and releases straight to your inbox.

All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
Xbox's cloud gaming hourly limit rates have been met with derision in the fanbase, and have highlighted gaps between other services. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Xbox Cloud Gaming has essentially been put out to pasture, with Microsoft intent on including hourly limits on the service.
From November 2026, Microsoft will impose a 15-hour cap on Xbox Game Pass Ultimate users playing cloud games, as well as a 10-hour cap on Premium, and 5 hours on Essential. It's a huge climbdown from the previous ""unlimited"" access Xbox Cloud Gaming granted, and an indictment of the business model in general.
Microsoft says that the changes will impact ""4%"" of Xbox Game Pass subscribers, which in essence still amounts to well over a million players. Microsoft has rolled out Xbox Cloud Gaming to LG, Samsung, and now TCL TVs as of today, which makes for some awkward timing.
The limits have been met with derision both within and without the Xbox fanbase, and have shone a spotlight on where Xbox is falling short here.
 



Already the market leader, NVIDIA GeForce Now introduced hourly limits a few months ago in response to some criticism, although the limits GFN offers are far more generous than what Microsoft has proposed here. On GFN's highest tiers, you get 100 hours, with some hours rolling over to the next month too.
Not only that, but NVIDIA GeForce Now also just offers a generally higher-quality experience, with better bitrates, latency, and stability. Xbox Game Pass had it beat before on usability, though, with a more console-like interface and more TV-friendly apps. Game Pass also comes with a larger upfront library of games, whereas NVIDIA GeForce Now, for the most part, is made up of games you've already purchased from Steam.
The issue for me is ... 15 hours just isn't enough to complete the vast majority of decent games these days. Fable is supposedly around 30 hours long for a completionist playthrough. Will Xbox Cloud Gaming users be expected to spread their session across two months to finish the game?
Microsoft is going to offer per-hour passes to boost how much access you have, but we've not really seen the pricing yet. I have a feeling they won't be cheap.
 



We live in a weird dichotomy right now, driven by the AI component crisis. Microsoft is buying up all the memory for its AI push and leaving Xbox with scraps on the side. That extends to Xbox Cloud Gaming servers too, and while they can be used for AI workloads off-peak, I'm told, they're obviously not specialized for that type of work.
Either way, servers break down and wear out; they need to be replaced regularly. Running servers 24/7 is an expensive business on the component side, even before you start thinking about electricity and water for cooling.
A chap on X (Twitter) sent me a link to an Xbox Player Voice feedback item that laments the quality of Xbox Remote Play.
You can effectively turn a home Xbox Series X|S console into a ""personal cloud server"" and have it stream your games over a viable Wi-Fi network. The problem is, despite being similar hardware, Xbox Remote Play is inexplicably locked to 1080p. Xbox Cloud Gaming on Xbox Game Pass Ultimate offers 1440p with higher bitrates, too.
There's no real reason why, at least in the case of the Xbox Series X, we shouldn't be able to get a better Xbox Remote Play experience. But that doesn't exactly solve things for users who rely entirely on Xbox Cloud Gaming ...
Cloud-first gamers who bought an Xbox Ally base model or other cloud-first devices like the Logitech G Cloud are pretty much screwed by this change — unless Microsoft does something to improve Xbox Remote Play. That is, of course, presuming they even own an Xbox Series X|S, both of which are now insanely expensive. None of this really makes a lot of sense, does it?
Update: Since writing this piece, it seems Microsoft began testing 1440p on Xbox Remote Play too on the Xbox Insider program's Alpha Ring, which is a huge win. But there's still not a lot of information about whether they're going to respond to the backlash about cloud usage limits. I'll try and get more info later about exactly what we can expect from Xbox Remote Play.
 



I was recently told by Microsoft figures that, given compute demands for AI, Xbox Cloud Gaming is effectively losing money when used beyond 15 hours per month. When you have Azure server rack space being used for anything other than AI, it seems Microsoft isn't particularly sentimental towards the idea anymore.
Microsoft has been on an economic grind for Xbox over the past few months, ""restructuring"" the org to ensure that it sends a bigger accountability margin back to the mothership. That's meant mass Xbox layoffs and cancellations of projects, and a more aggressive posture towards easy wins.
Xbox Cloud Gaming clearly isn't an easy win in this new reality. If 15 hours is the cap that prevents the service from being unprofitable ... perhaps the business model was never really viable in the first place.
Xbox Cloud Gaming isn't exactly struggling in a vacuum, though. Other companies that rely entirely on cloud inference seem to be struggling. Whether it's Roblox or Twitch, the era of ""cheap cloud"" seems to be over — alongside video game consoles themselves, and consumer hardware in general, seemingly.
Either way, I don't see how you can plausibly expect people to use cloud gaming as a primary vehicle with such a strict limit. Microsoft isn't able to get Xbox hardware stock to most of the world either.
Then ... you start wondering why Microsoft is so eager to let a literal billion Windows 11 users burn cash on a pyre for free access to Microsoft Copilot ... but wants to charge out the nose for Xbox Cloud Gaming? It's a pretty clear admission that they don't see much of a future for cloud gaming in general. Or perhaps it's just more AI psychosis.
 



Join us on Reddit at r/WindowsCentral to share your insights and discuss our latest news, reviews, and more.
Jez Corden is the Executive Editor at Windows Central, focusing primarily on all things Xbox and gaming. Jez is known for breaking exclusive news and analysis as relates to the Microsoft ecosystem — while being powered by tea. Follow on X.com/JezCorden and tune in to the XB2 Podcast, all about, you guessed it, Xbox!
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
49,2026-09-05,"Building a dividend portfolio to match a six-figure salary sounds straightforward until a surging stock price quietly raises your capital target and a monthly payout fund starts returning your own money back to you.
 Life After Work desk. Editor: David Beren.
Read More: Learn 7 ways to generate income with a $1,000,000+ portfolio (sponsor)
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.
Replacing a $95,000 salary with dividends is a capital problem before it is an investment problem. At a blended portfolio yield near 4%, you need about $2.4 million. At 5%, roughly $1.9 million. At 6%, closer to $1.6 million. The lineup below, built around VYM at 30%, CVX at 30%, and UTG at 40%, is designed to sit somewhere in that middle band while paying you monthly and quarterly in real cash.
The conservative anchor is Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF (NYSEARCA:VYM), a broad basket of large-cap dividend payers whose top exposures include Broadcom, JPMorgan Chase, Exxon Mobil, Johnson & Johnson, and AbbVie. VYM pays quarterly, with an annualized forward dividend of $3.92 per share against a recent price near $164. Typical distribution yield sits in the low-3% range.
The dividend-growth sleeve is Chevron (NYSE:CVX | CVX Price Prediction). The company just paid a $1.78 quarterly dividend, up from $1.71 in 2025 and $1.63 in 2024. Trailing yield sits near 3.1%, supported by $18.10 billion of free cash flow in Q2 FY26 and a 20-year West Texas power purchase agreement with Microsoft.
The income engine is Reaves Utility Income Fund (NYSE:UTG), a closed-end fund that pays monthly. Its monthly distribution recently increased to $0.21 from $0.20, giving an annualized forward of $2.52 per share at a price near $38. That places UTG’s headline yield in the mid-to-high single digits, well above the two equity holdings.
Chevron is up 41% year-to-date and 37% over the past year, with news of a $7 billion Venezuela expansion plan pushing shares toward record highs. That is good if you already own it. It is bad if you are still buying, because yield is the dividend divided by the price. As CVX climbs, its yield compresses, which drags the blended portfolio yield lower and raises the capital you need to hit $95,000. A stock going up makes an income plan more expensive, which is counterintuitive, and it is exactly why the entry price matters as much as security selection.
The utility fund UTG is a closed-end fund, which means it trades at a market price that can drift above or below the actual value of its underlying holdings. Buying when it trades at a premium is a permanent headwind, while buying at a discount gives you a lasting advantage. Make it a point to check that before you buy.
Closed-end funds often use leverage to boost their distributions. That borrowed money lifts income when markets are strong but magnifies losses when they turn, and it makes the fund more sensitive to interest rates than an unlevered utility ETF. UTG’s distributions can also include a return of capital, which lowers your cost basis rather than paying you out of actual earnings. Pull the fund’s Section 19 notices and verify the composition.
Then there is the concentration issue. This lineup is 30% energy and 40% utilities. You are making a focused bet on regulated power, infrastructure, and integrated oil, with VYM providing the only real spread across financials, health care, and consumer staples.
VYM and CVX distributions are generally qualified dividends, taxed at long-term capital gains rates (0%, 15%, or 20% federal, depending on bracket). UTG’s distributions vary in character: portions may be qualified, ordinary, or a return of capital. Two portfolios paying identical headline yields can leave you with very different after-tax income.
Account location changes the answer materially. In a Roth or traditional IRA, character does not matter; in a taxable brokerage, it dictates how much capital you actually need to net $95,000. Model both.
To replace a $95,000 salary with this lineup, plan on somewhere in the neighborhood of $1.6 to $2.0 million invested, depending on where blended yield lands the day you build the position. If you want the full mix, payment calendar, and withdrawal order for turning a lump sum into monthly income, we laid the whole method out in a free guide. A few actions before you commit capital:
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
David Beren has been a Flywheel Publishing contributor since 2022. Writing for 24/7 Wall St. since 2023, David loves to write about topics of all shapes and sizes. As a technology expert, David focuses heavily on consumer electronics brands, automobiles, and general technology. He has previously written for LifeWire, formerly About.com. As a part-time freelance writer, David’s “day job” has been working on and leading social media for multiple Fortune 100 brands. David loves the flexibility of this field and its ability to reach customers exactly where they like to spend their time. Additionally, David previously published his own blog, TmoNews.com, which reached 3 million readers in its first year. In addition to freelance and social media work, David loves to spend time with his family and children and relive the glory days of video game consoles by playing any retro game console he can get his hands on.
A $144,000 annual dividend paycheck sounds like financial freedom, but the tax character of every security you own quietly decides how much of that money you ever touch. Before you target the yield, find…
A $51,000 annual income is roughly what a retired couple needs to cover essentials in most U.S. metros once Social Security fills the gap. It is also the number that turns an $850,000 nest…
At 60, Catherine thought the retirement math worked. Between her husband’s pension, their savings, and the Social Security benefits they expected to collect together, the plan looked stable. Then her husband died unexpectedly, one…
Turning $930,000 into a lifetime income stream sounds simple until you realize an annuity payout and a dividend yield are not measuring the same thing, and that gap changes everything about which strategy actually…
Most retirement spreadsheets quietly collapse at exactly this income target, and the yield number printed on the fund page is usually the first thing that breaks them.
Three income investments can all generate the same monthly paycheck before retirement, but the capital each one demands reveals a gap wide enough to reshape your entire financial plan.
Most retirees drain their savings slowly and hope the money outlasts them, but a growing number of octogenarians never spend a single share and still clear six figures a year. The three-tier strategy behind…
A $40,000 salary works out to about $19 an hour: a lower-middle wage range for careers like delivery drivers, bank tellers, customer service representatives, or assembly line workers. Replacing it with dividends is one…
Generating $105,600 a year from a portfolio sounds straightforward until you realize the path that requires the least capital up front may quietly eat itself alive over a decade. The yield you choose today…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
50,2026-09-05,John Adams hoped future generations would have more room for the arts and humanities. A shrinking labor market threatens to close that door.
51,2026-09-05,"Nifty faces continued bearish pressure after a fourth weekly decline, with 23,750-23,700 as crucial support and 24,150-24,200 resistance. Analysts expect volatility to stay subdued, while Bank Nifty remains range-bound. BSE, Groww and Angel One also await decisive breakouts for direction.
Listen to this article in summarized format
Unlock AI Briefing and Premium Content
Nifty extends losses for a fourth week as key support weakens, while low volatility and range-bound Bank Nifty keep traders focused on breakout levels ahead.

(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price
(What's moving Sensex and Nifty Track latest market news, stock tips, Budget 2025, Share Market on Budget 2025 and expert advice, on ETMarkets. Also, ETMarkets.com is now on Telegram. For fastest news alerts on financial markets, investment strategies and stocks alerts, subscribe to our Telegram feeds .)
Subscribe to ET Prime and read the Economic Times ePaper Online.and Sensex Today.
Top Trending Stocks: SBI Share Price, Axis Bank Share Price, HDFC Bank Share Price, Infosys Share Price, Wipro Share Price, NTPC Share Price

An old India Inc habit: Ignore the nudge, wait for the stick
Season of change in accounting policy: A simple AI prompt can tell you a lot
Is crude oil becoming a financial problem?
Patent Cliff approaching: Can Indian pharma companies repeat past success?
Q1 investment numbers look stellar, but are we celebrating too early?
ET Prime special: Bigger, Better or Both? Understanding business to figure out the mystery: Power Grid Corp – Part 1
All Mutual Funds
Top Tax Saving Mutual Funds
Better Than Fixed Deposits
Low Cost High Return Funds
Best Hybrid Funds
Best Large Cap Funds
SIP’s starting Rs. 500
Top Performing Mid Caps
Promising Multi Cap Funds
Top Rated Funds
Top Performing Index Funds
Hot on Web
In Case you missed it
Top Searched Companies
Top Calculators
Top Slideshow
Private Companies
Top Definitions
Top Prime Articles
Top Story Listing
Top Commodities
Top Market Pages
Latest News
Follow us on:
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Will be displayed
15 Days Free: Unlock All ETPrime Exclusives, Market Tools & ePapers
Trial offer expiring in00 : 05 : 00
Worry not. You’re just a step away.
It seems like you're already an ETPrime member with
Login using your ET Prime credentials to enjoy all member benefits
Log out of your current logged-in account  and log in again using your ET Prime credentials  to enjoy all member benefits.
Big Price Drop! Flat 40% Off


Offer Exclusively For You
Save up to Rs. 700/-
ON ET PRIME MEMBERSHIP
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get 1 Year Free
With 1 and 2-Year ET prime membership
Offer Exclusively For You
Get Flat 40% Off
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Offer Exclusively For You
ET Prime at ₹ 49 for 1 month
Then  ₹ 1749 for 1 year
Special Offer
Get flat 40% off on ETPrime









                 Connect with an ETPrime expert for personalized support and guidance
                
What’s Included with
ETPrime Membership
                	
Trump temper on H-1B visas is forcing Indians to do these things to stay put in US
What Adani’s US indictment means for India Inc’s overseas fundraising
Why veterans like Reliance, L&T are on acquisition spree? Aswath Damodaran has an answer.
Will China’s dollar bond sale in Saudi Arabia trump the US in financial world?
Huawei launches its own OS to compete with Google and Apple. But can it win beyond China?
The problem with lab grown diamonds
Why a falling rupee is a better option for the economy
A list of top 20 momentum stocks that have delivered massive returns in one year
Alpha Trade
Get daily trade ideas from SEBI-registered research analysts.
Investment Ideas
Grow your wealth with stock ideas & sectoral trends.
Stock Reports Plus
All-in-one stock research with Stock Score, peer comparison & key signals.
BigBull Portfolio
Get to know where the market bulls are investing to identify the right stocks.
Stock Analyzer
Check the score based on the company's fundamentals, solvency, growth, risk & ownership to decide the right stocks.
Market Mood
Analyze the market sentiments & identify the trend reversal for strategic decisions.
Stock Talk Live at 9 AM Daily
Ask your stock queries & get assured replies by ET appointed, SEBI registered experts.
ePaper - Print View
Read the PDF version of ET newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
ePaper - Digital View
Read your daily newspaper in Digital View & get it delivered to your inbox everyday.
Wealth Edition
Manage your money efficiently with this weekly money management guide.
TOI ePaper
Read the PDF version of TOI newspaper. Download & access it offline anytime.
Deep Explainers
Explore the In-depth explanation of complex topics for everyday life decisions.
Health+ Stories
Get fitter with daily health insights committed to your well-being.
Personal Finance+ Stories
Manage your wealth better with in-depth insights & updates on finance.
New York Times Exclusives
Stay globally informed  with exclusive story from New York Times.
Docubay Subscription
Stream new documentaries from all across the world every day.
Stories you might be interested in"
52,2026-09-05,A single Elon Musk post knocked billions off one aerospace supplier. Jim Cramer thinks that reaction was a gift.
53,2026-09-05,"The House is cutting its September schedule to just four voting days, leaving the crypto industry’s biggest remaining legislative priority with almost no time to clear Congress before the midterm elections."
54,2026-09-05,Gabelli Investment Management Firm recently released its “Global Content & Connectivity Fund” second-quarter 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter can b...
55,2026-09-05,"Treasury yields near a one-year high are punishing most dividend stocks, but a handful of Dividend Kings kept signing bigger checks every single quarter without missing a beat. The question is whether their balance sheets can keep that streak alive.
Read More: Learn 7 ways to generate income with a $1,000,000+ portfolio (sponsor)
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.
Rising rates create a specific, mechanical problem for dividend stocks: when risk-free yields climb, a payout has to fight bonds for the same investor dollar, and share prices of income names often slide even when the underlying business is fine. That backdrop is live right now. The 10-Year Treasury yield closed at 4.79% on September 2, 2026, sitting in the 99.2 percentile of its trailing one-year range. Against that competition, three US-listed Dividend Kings kept declaring higher payouts through every quarterly cycle from 2022 forward. Their dividend records tell the real story here.
Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO | KO Price Prediction) owns the world’s largest branded beverage system, with a portfolio that includes Coca-Cola, Sprite, Fanta, Dasani, smartwater, fairlife, Costa, and BODYARMOR. Market cap sits at roughly $382.2 billion, and shares trade at 29 times earnings with a dividend yield of 2.30%.
The quarterly dividend was $0.44 across the 2022 declarations, $0.46 across 2023, $0.485 across 2024, $0.51 across 2025, and $0.53 on the three declarations available in 2026. The annualized forward payout is $2.12.
Coca-Cola raised its 2026 free cash flow guide to approximately $12.4 billion on roughly $14.6 billion in operating cash flow. Second-quarter organic revenue grew 6%, unit case volume grew 5%, and management flagged first-half free cash flow of approximately $6.9 billion. Net debt leverage is 1.4 times EBITDA, below the company’s stated target range of 2 to 2.5 times. On the July call, CFO John Murphy said the balance sheet delivers “increased flexibility and optionality to continue to both reinvest in our business and return capital to share owners.”
Here is the price-versus-payout gap for income investors. Across the custom rate-hike window from March 17, 2022 to July 27, 2023, KO’s adjusted price moved from $53.03 to $57.16, a 7.8% gain, while the quarterly declaration stepped from $0.44 to $0.46. The stock advanced modestly while the check kept getting bigger.
One of the main risks facing the company is that the Asia Pacific price/mix ran negative 9% in the quarter, and the company still faces ongoing IRS tax litigation and higher input costs that could pressure margins.
Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) owns a staples portfolio built on Tide, Pampers, Gillette, Bounty, Charmin, Crest, Dawn, Downy, Olay, Pantene, SK-II, Head & Shoulders, and Oral-B. Market cap is around $341.2 billion, and the current share price is $146.92.
Filings confirm 70 consecutive years of dividend increases and 136 consecutive years of dividend payments since incorporation in 1890. The declared quarterly amount stepped from $0.8698 to $0.9133 on the April 12, 2022 declaration, then to $0.9407 on April 11, 2023, to $1.0065 on April 9, 2024, to $1.0568 on April 8, 2025, and to $1.0885 on January 13, 2026. The three declarations in 2026 have all been at $1.0885, with an annualized forward payout of $4.354.
Fiscal 2026 delivered $15.84 billion of free cash flow on $87.03 billion of revenue, with adjusted free cash flow productivity of 100%. On the July 29 call, CFO Andre Schulten laid out the capital return: “We increased our dividend by 3% and returned over $15 billion of value to shareholders, over $10 billion in dividends, and $5 billion in share repurchase.” The company committed to over $10 billion in dividends and approximately $5 billion in buybacks for fiscal 2027.
PG shares are down 4.42% over the trailing one-year period, moving from $153.71 to $146.92, while the declared payout stepped from $1.0568 to $1.0885 inside that same year. The stock fell. The dividend rose. For an income holder collecting the check, the business kept its promise even as the market marked the shares lower.
In terms of the risk, management flagged an approximately $1 billion after-tax commodity, energy, and transport headwind in fiscal 2027, plus $150 million of higher interest expense, alongside tariff uncertainty and pockets of volume weakness in Greater China.
Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) runs the largest diversified pharma-plus-MedTech operation in the world. Filings confirm 64 consecutive years of dividend increases, cementing Dividend King status. Market cap is roughly $671.0 billion, with shares at $278.43.
The quarterly dividend stepped from $1.06 on the January 4, 2022 declaration to $1.13 on April 19, 2022, to $1.19 on April 18, 2023, to $1.24 on April 16, 2024, to $1.30 on April 15, 2025, and to $1.34 on April 14, 2026. Trailing 12-month dividends total $5.28, with an annualized forward of $5.36.
Fiscal 2025 free cash flow reached $19.7 billion on $94.19 billion of revenue, and management’s full-year free cash flow outlook is approaching $21 billion. CFO Joe Wolk restated the priority on the second-quarter call: “We also remain committed to returning capital directly to shareholders, primarily through our dividend.” The balance sheet holds roughly $21 billion of cash and marketable securities against $49 billion of debt, and CEO Joaquin Duato pointed to 28 platforms each generating more than $1 billion in annual revenue.
DARZALEX grew 22.5% to $3.96 billion, TREMFYA grew 68.3% to $1.61 billion, and 2026 guidance was raised to $100.3 to $101.3 billion in reported sales with adjusted EPS of $11.45 to $11.65.
The bears were quick to note that STELARA revenue dropped 59.7% to $656 million on biosimilar competition, and litigation charges hit $330 million in Q1, on top of a planned Orthopaedics separation that carries execution risk.
The lesson is separation. Three Dividend Kings faced the sharpest run-up in benchmark yields in a generation, watched bonds crowd their yield story, and still declared higher payouts every year. PG’s stock actually fell over the trailing year while the declared quarterly rose to $1.0885. That gap between the stock price and the treasurer’s decision is the whole point of owning coverage-first blue chips (we ranked ten Dividend Kings by valuation right now in a free report you can grab here). For a retiree living on the check, dividend safety came from free cash flow and balance sheets, and the rate spike never touched it.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Chris Lange is a writer for 24/7 Wall St., based in Houston. He has covered financial markets over the past decade with an emphasis on healthcare, tech, and IPOs. During this time, he has published thousands of articles with insightful analysis across these complex fields. Currently, Lange's focus is on military and geopolitical topics. Lange's work has been quoted or mentioned in Forbes, The New York Times, Business Insider, USA Today, MSN, Yahoo, The Verge, Vice, The Intelligencer, Quartz, Nasdaq, The Motley Fool, Fox Business, International Business Times, The Street, Seeking Alpha, Barron’s, Benzinga, and many other major publications. A graduate of Southwestern University in Georgetown, Texas, Lange majored in business with a particular focus on investments. He has previous experience in the banking industry and startups.
Some dividend stocks raise their payouts through one recession, maybe two. A handful of consumer staples names have kept writing bigger checks through every downturn for decades, and the cash flow behind that streak…
Three consumer giants have kept raising their dividends through oil shocks, financial crises, and every other economic storm since 1970, and the cash flow numbers behind their streaks reveal why retirees treat them less…
July has a long history of punishing investors who mistake a good run for a durable business. Three Dividend Kings have kept raising their payouts through every major crash since 1987, and all three…
With the 10-year Treasury yield near 4.70%, dividend stocks face a real test of relevance, and only a handful of names have the streak length and earnings power to still make the cut right…
Coca-Cola just extended a dividend streak that spans six decades, but a surging stock price and a tight payout ratio raise real questions about whether this legendary income name still delivers for buyers entering…
AT&T (NYSE: T) | T Price Prediction just paid its quarterly dividend of 27 cents per share on Feb. 2, 2026, marking another chapter in the telecom giant’s post-2022 dividend reset. With a 4.08%…
Earned income demands your time. Passive income asks only that you stay invested. Dividend stocks remain the cornerstone of retirement portfolios because a check that arrives whether you worked Monday or not feels fundamentally…
Passive income separates a paycheck from a portfolio. Earned income stops when you stop working, but dividends landing quarterly do not. With layoffs rippling through tech and consumer staples in 2026 and housing and…
August's final days are closing a narrow window for income investors, and five blue-chip names with multi-decade dividend streaks just posted earnings beats that change the calculus on each one.

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
56,2026-09-05,
57,2026-09-05,Gabelli Investment Management Firm recently released its “Global Content & Connectivity Fund” second-quarter 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter can b...
58,2026-09-05,CBC News recently travelled to Michigan to get a temperature check on how Americans are feeling about U.S. President Donald Trump’s tariff war with Canada — the state's largest export market.
59,2026-09-05,"We may receive a commission on purchases made from links.
There's never been a better time to maintain a DVD and Blu-Ray collection, as evidenced by Sony recently delisting more than 550 movies from its customers' digital libraries. In other words, there's no better way to guarantee media ownership than to have a disc in your hands. And unlike digital libraries that can disappear at a moment's notice, the expected lifespan of your Blu-ray and DVD collection can exceed your own lifetime when properly managed. So, whether you're a long-time movie collector or a newcomer who's just getting into physical media, you should be proud of what you've amassed. 
And you should take advantage of essential gadgets, like disc writers and portable players, that will help you enjoy that collection to the fullest. We compiled a list of five must-have products that deserve a place in any cinephile's home. These gadgets can enhance your enjoyment of home cinema and help preserve your collection for years to come. If you're just getting serious about collecting DVDs and Blu-rays for the first time, consider this a starting point that will set you up for success as a lifelong film lover. A full explanation of how we selected these products is included at the end of this article.
The Verbatim External Slimline CD/DVD Writer is a media digitization machine. Wirecutter picked it as the best USB DVD drive for it's low price point, $41, and because it can rip DVDs to discs faster than other devices tested. Here's how it works: Plug the Verbatim drive into your PC or laptop via a USB connection, then load a DVD movie into the drive. The device can copy or ""rip"" the media from the disc and save it as a digital file. 
You can also write or ""burn"" content to an empty disc. If you're looking for something that can rip Blu-ray discs as well, the Archgon MD-8107 External UHD Blu-ray Super Drive is a good option. As a DVD or Blu-ray collector, you likely value physical media and might recoil from the idea of digitizing your favorite movies. After all, digital movies don't always have the same quality as the disc version. But creating digital copies is one of the best ways to preserve your DVDs and Blu-Rays for years to come. 
Even physical media doesn't last forever, so having a digital backup helps ensure that you'll always be able to enjoy your favorite films, even if the disc becomes damaged. In a time when media disappears from subscription services, your digitized library can be part of the collective effort to keep works of art alive.
The Panasonic DP-UB820 Blu-Ray Player is one of the best 4K Blu-ray players for cinephiles. It's not necessarily the highest-end Blu-ray player that money can buy; that honor would go to something like the Panasonic DP-UB9000 that boasts superior image processing, a wider range of smart features, and a sticker price of $2,300. But the DP-UB820 is an essential pick because it sets an excellent standard at a relatively reasonable price of $540.
Experts praise the Panasonic DP-UB820 for having a premium level of 4K image reproduction. It also has strong enough audio performance to be viable for any home theater setup. With support for a wide range of audio and video formats — including HDR10+, Dolby Vision, and Hybrid Log-Gamma — it certainly has the versatility to accommodate a large collection of Blu-ray and DVD media. Despite having a mid-range price tag, the DP-UB820 is a go-to player for even serious movie fans.
The DBPower Portable DVD Player currently ranks as the best-selling portable DVD player on Amazon, and is an ideal way to enjoy disc-based movies while traveling. You might wonder whether DVD players are still worth buying in 2026, especially since Blu-ray players can usually play DVDs, but it actually makes sense to have a portable system. The DBPower unit is versatile with its swiveling nine-inch screen, rechargeable five-hour battery, and the capability to mount on the back of a car headrest. 
With a price tag of $49.99, it's a relatively inexpensive way to kill time while traveling or entertain the kids in the backseat during a road trip. Portable Blu-ray players also exist, but they are more expensive and won't deliver on the full audio and video experience that a 4K Blu-ray disc promises. It's much more practical to rely on a portable DVD player when you need a cinema fix on the road. If, however, you're really craving a way to play Blu-rays on the go, the Wonnie Portable Blu-Ray Player is a highly-rated choice — just be aware that the 15.4-inch version lists for $279.99.
The PlayStation 5 video game console comes in two versions: One with a disc drive, and one without. The disc version is fully capable of playing your physical DVDs and Blu-rays, as well as a library of the latest and greatest video games. Why does this matter to a dedicated movie collector? Well, 4K Blu-ray players are still so expensive that it's hard to justify the purchase. 
The PS5 Disc Version starts at $649.99 after the most recent PlayStation 5 price increases in 2026, whereas a standalone Blu-ray player like the Panasonic DP-UB820 costs around $500 on its own. If you're going to spend the money, it might make better financial sense to choose a device that does more than just play movies. Current-generation game consoles are multimedia powerhouses that can do it all. With that said, the PS5's direct competitor — the Xbox Series X — can also play Blu-rays and DVDs. 
However, an Xbox Series X with a disc drive starts at an even higher price of $799.99. Perhaps more importantly, the PS5 has superior Blu-ray picture performance over the Series X, due largely to its upscaling technology. Neither console can quite stand up to the best dedicated Blu-ray players on the current market; they both lack support for Dolby Vision and HDR10+ visual formats. But a disc-compatible PlayStation 5 is still a practical choice for households that delve into both cinema and gaming.
If you have the cash to burn, you'll likely want immersive surround sound for your home theater. But in some cases, soundbars are a better investment than surround sound audio systems. That's where the Vizio Elevate SE 5.1.2 Soundbar, which was named one of the best soundbars for audiophiles according to Consumer Reports, comes in. This is an essential place to start if you want to improve your movie-viewing experience because soundbars face toward you and are big enough to generate powerful, optimized sound — unlike the tiny speakers in the back of most razor-thin smart TVs today.
The Vizio Elevate SE 5.1.2 Soundbar is a powerful performer for the $399 price point, with experts noting its ability to emphasize dialogue in the soundscape. This soundbar has a dedicated center channel, which helps voices stand out when the left and right channels are busy with other environmental noise in the cinematic content. Ultimately, this creates a noticeable audio improvement if you have been enjoying your DVD and Blu-ray collection without a dedicated speaker system thus far.
To highlight the essential gadgets that every DVD and Blu-ray collector can use, we found some of the best-reviewed products for improving your enjoyment of watching and collecting disc-based media. None of our recommendations cost more than $800, so these are ""essential"" items in the sense that they help create a comprehensive movie-viewing experience without setting you back thousands of dollars. 
We wanted to recommend products that veteran collectors can appreciate, but that newcomers to the hobby can reasonably afford when building out a home theater. Every product on this list holds a customer rating of 4 stars or higher on Amazon at the time of writing, and we took a close look at buyer reviews to make sure there were no frequently reported defects that are likely to affect your experience.
Found this useful? Join our free weekly newsletter for smart tech buys and products to avoid."
60,2026-09-05,"Dollarama's disciplined cost management, robust cash flow, and steady margins support aggressive expansion. Find out why DOL:CA stock is a buy."
61,2026-09-05,"HydroGraph's explosion-based graphene production is scalable and cost-efficient, but similar detonation methods already exist. Read more on HGRAF stock here."
62,2026-09-05,"Valero's Gulf Coast refining system and export access provide a structural advantage, but earnings are highly sensitive. Read why VLO stock is a hold."
63,2026-09-05,"Kraken Robotics revenue guidance was raised to $290–$320 million for FY2026, reflecting strong order intake. Find out why KRKNF stock is a buy."
64,2026-09-05,"BlackRock's strategic diversification into private markets, technology, and AI infrastructure is driving higher fee revenue. Read why BLK stock is a buy."
65,2026-09-05,"Shares of CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWD) have rallied more than 83% year-to-date as of September 3. The stock has significantly outperformed the br..."
66,2026-09-05,"While XRP and Bitcoin have spent a year bleeding out, a coin built to hide transactions just crossed a milestone that neither of them has reached. Whether that momentum survives its first full month in the spotlight is a very…
The most widely read finance newsletter on Substack isn't published by a bank, it's Doomberg, where 383,000+ readers get the energy and macro analysis the mainstream press misses. 24/7 Wall St. readers save 17% on their first year here.
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.
The XRP (CRYPTO:XRP) price trades at $1.41, down 50% in the twelve months to September 5, while Zcash (CRYPTO:ZEC) has climbed 2,361% over the same period and cleared $1,000 for the first time on September 4.
Bitcoin (CRYPTO:BTC) is also down 28% over the year at $79,657, so two of the biggest coins in the market have fallen while a coin built to hide transactions has exploded. So what does Zcash have that XRP and Bitcoin don’t, and would it hold $1,000?
Virrage Images / Shutterstock.com
Zcash is a privacy-based cryptocurrency that hides who sent a payment, who received it and how much it was. Most blockchains publish every transaction, so anyone can read the amounts and the addresses involved. XRP and Bitcoin work that way, but Zcash doesn’t, which is what sets it apart.
Moreover, the SEC closed a two-year investigation into the Zcash Foundation on January 14, 2026, without taking any action. That’s a regulator closing its file on a coin built to hide transactions, and it came after years of pressure on privacy tools in the U.S. that had prosecutors treating them as money-laundering software.
That decision came seven months before Grayscale’s spot Zcash ETF began trading on NYSE Arca on August 25. The fund is a conversion of a trust Grayscale has run since 2017, and it launched with $304 million in assets that had grown to $414.7 million by September 4. In November 2025 the same trust held $137 million.
So the listing changed who is allowed to buy Zcash, because pensions, advisors and family offices can hold an ETF where many of them can’t hold tokens directly.
eamesBot / Shutterstock.com
The Zcash price closed at $1,024 on September 4 after reaching $1,051 during the day, and $34.5 million of shorts got squeezed on the way up, since traders who bet on a fall have to buy the coin back when the price goes against them.
Zcash closed at $569 on August 20 and $734 on August 21, and the run from there to $1,024 took just two weeks. In the 30 days to September 5 the coin is up 103%, and in the seven days to September 5 it is up 21%, so the buying picked up into the coin’s ETF debut on August 25 and didn’t stop after it.
That said, most of the 2,361% growth already happened in October and November 2025, not in the two weeks to September 4. Zcash traded at $41 in early September 2025 and had already surged over 1,000% to $540 by November 2025. It then traded mostly between $500 and $570 for the next nine months, so the coin’s climb from $569 on August 20 to $1,024 on September 4 was an 80% gain on top of a rally that had largely ended ten months earlier.
D-Keine / Getty Images
XRP fell with the rest of the market, and it fell harder. The XRP price usually drops way lower than Bitcoin does whenever BTC falls, and over the twelve months to September 5 Bitcoin lost 28% while XRP lost 50%. Zcash is a $17 billion coin against XRP’s $88 billion, so the same money moving in or out moves Zcash’s price a lot further.
The drop came despite XRP having the two things that just lifted Zcash. The SEC and the CFTC jointly classified XRP as a digital commodity on March 17, 2026, which ended the legal uncertainty that began with the SEC’s lawsuit against Ripple in 2020.
XRP has also had U.S. spot ETFs since November 2025, and they have taken in $1.66 billion, including a record $110 million in the week to August 28. But the ruling and the ETF inflows together aren’t enough against a falling market.
Meanwhile, the Bitcoin price has followed interest rates. The Fed has held rates at 3.50% to 3.75% since December 2025, and the 10-year Treasury yield reached 4.82% on September 4, which is its highest since January 2025. Savers can earn 4.8% on a government bond at that yield, and Bitcoin pays nothing, so some of them move money out of Bitcoin when yields climb.
The Zcash price could hold above $1,000 through September if investors keep buying the Grayscale fund, since the fund brought new buyers to the coin. But a new ETF that gets attention at launch doesn’t always keep it, so the Zcash price is unlikely to hold if the fund stops growing.
A daily close above $1,100 with the fund still adding assets would show the ETF buyers are still in control. But a daily close below $850 could see Zcash drop back to where it traded on August 25—the day the fund listed—and would mean the buyers have wound down. Zcash could give some of that gain back through September, as most coins usually do after climbing higher, but it could also keep climbing.
Meanwhile, if you hold XRP, the Senate’s CLARITY Act vote on September 15 could turn the coin’s commodity status into permanent law. Zcash shows what a new fund can do for a coin, and one could wonder if the vote does the same for XRP.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Sam Daodu is a crypto analyst who's spent nearly a decade making blockchain understandable—no easy task when most whitepapers read like fever dreams. He writes for 24/7 Wall St., covering Bitcoin, altcoins, and crypto market analysis for investors. Before crypto, he was a tech writer (back when explaining ""the cloud"" was peak innovation). Since 2018, he's written for CoinTelegraph, Yahoo Finance, The Block, Cryptonews, Zypto, Rain, and more—basically anywhere people want crypto news without the headache. Sam runs MacLabs Marketing, a content agency for crypto brands tired of sounding like AI wrote their website. He also publishes free crypto education on his site for Web3 enthusiasts who think ""gas fees"" is a typo. When he's not writing or staring at charts, Sam's either: - Watching anime (currently convinced One Piece has better tokenomics than most altcoins) - At the gym sculpting himself into a Greek god - Listening to the music your mum warned you only bad boys listen to Connect: LinkedIn | Email | MacLabs Marketing
In late October and early November 2025, Zcash (CRYPTO:ZEC) stunned crypto markets by soaring 200% to 300% in a single month. The privacy-focused altcoin breached $500, levels not seen since 2018. Its market cap…
Here’s a cryptocurrency that’s capturing the attention of coin fanatics worldwide. Quietly but quickly, Zcash (CRYPTO:ZEC) is zooming higher and prompting crypto aficionados to learn about this unusual token. Sensible people aren’t claiming that Zcash…
Zcash (CRYPTO:ZEC) faces mounting pressure as regulators crack down on anonymous crypto transactions. In the U.S., new enforcement actions and proposed rules are making shielded transactions harder to use. The EU and Asia are…
Cryptocurrencies are well known for being volatile assets that benefit investors who are able to get in early, and hold through momentum-driven cycles. However, for large-cap cryptos that see a 10x move in the…
XRP ETFs have pulled nearly a billion tokens off the market, yet the price keeps sliding. Something is quietly refilling the supply faster than the funds can drain it.
XRP has shed 43% since January and sits pinned near a support level it cannot seem to escape, yet its momentum readings have only touched these depths once before in history, and that time…
Fed Governor Waller just gave crypto traders a reason to cheer, but XRP faces a Senate vote and a rate decision landing one day apart, and only one outcome removes both obstacles holding it…
Ripple just secured a national bank charter, launched a stablecoin clearing billions in trades, and closed a years-long SEC battle, yet XRP sits 72% below a price it set in 2018. The reasons why…
XRP broke below $1 for the first time in nearly two years, and the data behind the crash points to a cause that has nothing to do with holders selling. The real pressure source…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
67,2026-09-05,"Before a lender hands over hundreds of thousands of dollars, they dig deep into your financial life, and showing up unprepared can stall or kill your approval. Knowing exactly what paperwork to gather puts you ahead of most buyers walking…
Read More: Learn 7 ways to generate income with a $1,000,000+ portfolio (sponsor)
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.
Getting approved for a mortgage is one of the first major steps in the home-buying process. But it’s not always so easy and usually comes with a lot of paperwork. Lenders need to know you are a reliable borrower. They want to review your finances to make sure you can comfortably afford the loan. This means you need to provide documented proof of your income, employment history, savings, and existing debt. Having these documents ready ahead of time can make the mortgage process faster and more manageable. While every lender will have slightly different requirements, these are the most common documents a lender will ask for.
For obvious reasons, lenders want to see that you have a steady source of income. They also want to know you have a reliable work history, though employment-history requirements depend on the situation and income type. Typically, lenders like to see information about your current employer. It’s possible they’ll want to look at your employment history from the past two years as well. This helps the lender analyze whether your income is consistent enough to be able to make monthly mortgage payments.
Your lender will need to verify how much money you earn annually. This is usually proven through pay stubs, W-2 forms, and other tax documents. If you earn other types of income, like commissions, bonuses, residuals, or rental income, you will need documentation to support it. Other forms of income will need to be documented separately in various ways.
Your Social Security number is needed to verify your identity and review your credit history. You may also need to provide a form of government-issued ID, like a driver’s license.
Your lender will likely request W-2s or other tax documents to verify your income history. With certain income situations, your lender may ask for recent federal tax returns or tax transcripts. This is especially true for certain types of income, like self-employment. A borrower whose income comes entirely from W-2 employment might not have to provide complete federal tax returns.
Lenders might ask for your current address and previous addresses going back a few years, especially if you haven’t lived in your current home for very long.
Your lender definitely wants to confirm that you have enough money for the upfront costs of the purchase. This includes your down payment and closing costs. They might require you to have savings reserves. To prove this information, you’ll need to hand over recent statements from checking accounts, savings accounts, or investment accounts.
Your credit history plays an important role in mortgage approval. You might make a decent salary, but if you have major debt, it can affect how much extra debt a lender thinks you can comfortably handle. Lenders will assess your current debts, including car loans, student loans, and credit cards. They will also look at other monthly financial obligations, such as child support. This information is used to calculate your debt-to-income ratio, which is a big determinant of how much money you can realistically borrow.
If a family member or another person is giving you money to help buy your home, your lender might need what is called a gift letter. This document simply confirms that the money is a gift and does not need to be repaid. The lender might also ask for documentation showing where the gift came from and that the money was transferred.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
If you are shopping for a new home, you are very likely also shopping for a mortgage. The lowest home mortgage rates are available only to the most qualified home buyers.
Most homeowners sign their mortgage paperwork confident they understand what they agreed to, yet several common assumptions about rates, payments, and insurance turn out to be flat-out wrong in ways that can cost thousands…
The subprime mortgage crisis is history for most Americans, and in its wake federal regulators have implemented rules to try and avoid a repeat of the housing meltdown. Since then, both the economy and…
Most people breathe a sigh of relief when they finally reach the mortgage signing table, but that moment of confidence can be costly. A handful of questions asked before you pick up the pen…
Thousands of Americans seeking financial advice turn to Dave Ramsey, the master of paying off debt and building wealth. Recently, Ramsey has made a prediction: mortgage rates will soon decrease. He says this is…
Most people know lenders care about credit scores and income, but many other factors can influence whether a loan gets approved. Lenders use large amounts of data and risk analysis to decide who qualifies…
If you have a conventional mortgage, your lender is probably sitting on a button that can shrink your monthly payment permanently. It is called a mortgage recast (or re-amortization), and it lets you lower…
Caitlin, 27, from Shreveport, La., called The Ramsey Show recently with a story that starts with identity theft and ends with a question many people ask: How do I fix my credit score? “Whenever…
On a recent episode of the Money Guy Show, hosts Brian Preston and Bo Hanson tore into one of the strangest double standards in American finance: a 17-year-old with $0 in income and $0…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
68,2026-09-05,"On September 1, Everus Construction Group (NYSE:ECG) completed a $295 million cash acquisition of Epsilon Industries, a maker of prefabricated mechanical and..."
69,2026-09-05,"Login

Victor 
05 September 2026


Xiaomi Smart wearables Announcement

Xiaomi just took the wrapping off the Smart Band 11 in China, with registrations already open on the home market. Now, just to be clear, this is different from the Smart Band 11 Active, which is already a thing, and if Xiaomi sticks to precedent, we can probably expect another entirely different Smart Band 11 Pro at some point as well.
The Smart Band 11 retains the signature pill-shaped display. It has the same 1.72-inch diagonal as the previous version and is again an AMOLED panel. However, unlike the Smart Band 10, which advertises up to 1,500 nits of brightness, the new Smart Band 11 can apparently reach up to 2,000 nits for even easier outdoor visibility.
Xiaomi has also focused on slimming down the design. The body is officially less than 10mm thick this year (9.99mm, to be exact). There is just a 2mm display bezel, and the whole thing weighs just 15.58 grams. That seems less than last year’s model in every aspect, though it is worth noting that Xiaomi has a weird way of advertising the dimensions of the Smart Band, without counting the strap and the heart rate sensor, for some reason, so the real-world figures are going to be a bit higher.
Also, in keeping with tradition, there are a number of different shell material variants to choose from, so we guess this is the “starting weight”. There are ceramic and metal editions of the band as well.
Anyway, the Smart Band 11 is slimmer and slicker, but it still maintains its 5ATM water-resistance rating. Also, it includes all of its tracking, including heart rate, blood oxygen, and stress monitoring, along with dedicated female health features. There are a total of 150 supported sports modes, and Xiaomi has also added professional sleep management with HRV monitoring and AI-based sleep insights.
Impressively, the Chinese giant also says that the battery life is better than last year’s model, with an advertised figure of up to 21 days on a single charge. Other potentially important details include NFC support, though not in every variant of the band. The Smart Band 11 runs HyperOS 4 and has compatibility with Android and iOS.
Currently, the Smart Band 11 seems to only be available for reservation through Xiaomi’s domestic channels and major Chinese e-commerce platforms. The starting price is 289 Yuan (~$43). If you want NFC, it goes up to 339 Yuan (~$50) and the ceramic and metal editions are priced at 399 Yuan (~$60). There are also a plethora of bands to choose from, including some metal and ceramic variants, so the final price total might be higher still. No word on international availability yet.
Source
basically it's the same as the band 10 which is the same as the band 9 which is the same as the band 8 etc.. 
 
barely changing anything and calling it a new product 
Good choice if you don't need advanced features but want long battery life and lightweight design. I had mi band 6 and liked it a lot. But decided to buy galaxy watch 6 classic. While its a heavy and cool watch battery life is short. Rotating be...
Xiaomi never fail to impress thier fans 'n' come up with new business



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2026 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use

"
70,2026-09-05,"When looking at stock market tickers, it is easy to fall into the trap of judging a company by its absolute dollar price rather than what is actually being p..."
71,2026-09-05,"Some motorcycle brands die. Others simply refuse to stay dead. Bultaco belongs firmly in the latter camp. The legendary Spanish marque disappeared from the motorcycle scene decades ago, leaving behind a trail of lightweight two-strokes, racing trophies and enough cult following to keep its name alive long after the factory doors had closed.
Now, after years of fits, false starts and attempts to resurrect the badge, Bultaco is back in the motorcycle conversation once again. Only this time, the comeback looks a little more serious.
The historic Barcelona-born brand is staging a return to the market, bringing with it a name that still carries plenty of weight among enthusiasts who remember Bultaco's glory days. And here’s a bit of a throwback to some of the younger readers.
Bultaco's story began in 1958, when Francisco “Paco” Bultó walked away from Montesa after its management decided to pull back from racing. Bultó gathered a group of like-minded engineers, and thus Bultaco was born. The first bike, the Tralla 101, arrived in 1959, and within weeks Bultaco was racing at Barcelona's Montjuïc circuit, taking seven of the first 10 places.
That pretty much established the company's philosophy: build motorcycles, race the hell out of them, and let the results do the marketing. And race it did. Bultaco eventually became synonymous with lightweight two-stroke competition machines, particularly the Sherpa T trials bike, Pursang motocrosser, and Matador enduro, while going on to collect multiple World Trials titles, including the 1973 World Motocross Championship Grand Prix.
And now, the company’s staging its comeback with a very gutsy motorcycle: the Rally GT 300, a small-bore adventure bike.
Co-developed with Catalan-based brand Leonart Motors, the bike comes powered by a liquid-cooled 292cc single-cylinder motor that puts out 28 hp at 9,500 rpm and 18.4 lb-ft (25 Nm) of torque. That motor is paired with a six‑speed gearbox and a multidisc oil‑bath clutch.
It sits in a perimeter frame that’s suspended on an inverted front fork and a rear monoshock, with the whole thing tipping the scales at 331 lb (150 kg). It rolls on a 19-inch front wheel and a 17-inch rear, a setup that makes the Rally GT 300 equally at home in the city as it would be off-road, as opposed to prioritizing backcountry roads solely.
It comes with disc brakes front and back, and ABS as well. It offers a seat height of 34.8 inches (883 mm), a ground clearance of 10.2 inches (260 mm), and a fuel tank capacity of 4.2 gallons (16 liters).
The ADV comes standard with an integrated DashCam, which automatically records for documentation and safety purposes in five-minute loops. But it also doubles up as an actioncam, considering you can store recordings from your rides directly to your phone as well.
There’s a 5-inch TFT display that clearly shows speed, RPM, gear position, fuel level, and other important data. You get full-LED lighting, a rally-style bench seat, and an upswept exhaust to round off the stock features.
The Rally GT 300 has been announced for the Spanish market by Leonart and Bultaco, with prices starting at €3,999. That’s roughly US$4,700, depending on exchange rates.
And there’s a big reason why Bultaco has managed to pull off this pricing. The big red dragon. Yup, the bike will be manufactured in China even though it's designed and engineered in its home country, Spain.
Though not everything is as straightforward as it seems. The Rally GT 300 might not exactly be a brand-new bike. Take a look at Leonart Motors’ own 300 Rally. That bike has existed for a while, and it traces its origin back to Chongqing Andes Motorcycle Manufacturing in China.
But here’s the truth: reviving a motorcycle brand the old-fashioned way would require things like engineering, materials, suppliers, factories, homologation, electronics, and distribution to be straightened out. And that’s before you’d even think of the money you’d need. Now, compare that to the infrastructure that already exists in China thanks to its sophisticated supply chains and massive motorcycle production capacity.
Suddenly, the choice becomes obvious, does it not?
But the Rally GT 300 is not the only motorcycle Bultaco is coming back with. The Spanish brand has also announced the revival of one of its most cherished race bikes, the TSS350.
Originally from the 60s, the cafe-racer-styled bike is set to be revived as a limited-edition track-only model. It will come with a single-cylinder, 350cc two-stroke motor producing an impressive 60 hp. It will host a few modern upgrades, including an electronic ignition and a six-speed, cassette-type gearbox.
Of course, details on this model are still scant, but we know it’s currently undergoing testing at Jerez, with only 29 units being planned to be built.
Whether Bultaco’s latest revival can turn nostalgia into a genuinely sustainable motorcycle business remains to be seen. But one thing is certain: Bultaco has once again managed to crawl out of the grave.
Source: Bultaco
Sign up for our FREE daily New Atlas newsletter!"
72,2026-09-05,Gabelli Investment Management Firm recently released its “Global Content & Connectivity Fund” second-quarter 2026 investor letter. A copy of the letter can b...
73,2026-09-05,Adobe Inc. (NASDAQ:ADBE) is strengthening its position in agentic artificial intelligence as the company looks to expand its marketing intelligence and workf...
74,2026-09-05,"Warning: This article contains spoilers for ""Dark Matter"" Season 2, Episode 2, ""A Perfect World.""
If you think the housing market is bad these days, imagine uprooting your entire family and traveling to a whole new alternate reality just to find a place to live. ""Dark Matter"" may not have any more source material to work from in Season 2, as series creator Blake Crouch is now moving beyond the pages of his original novel of the same name. Yet, it remains as laser-focused as ever, even as Season 2, Episode 2, ""A Perfect World,"" makes a fascinating (if inadvertent) connection to a very different Apple TV sci-fi show.
In retrospect, maybe we should've seen this coming. Jason Dessen (Joel Edgerton) and his family have gone right back to square one as world-less refugees forced to find a new reality to call their own. This brings them crashing into some less-than-ideal places, including what's essentially a surveillance state that's even more dystopian than our own world already is. Obviously, this is bad news for a family that needs to stay incognito. Not only are other versions of Jason desperate to hunt them down, but there's also the threat of the shady government agent Mitchel MacNamara (Chris Diamantopoulos).
So, where in the multiverse could the Dessens possibly go? Well, how about a world straight out of ""For All Mankind?"" Okay, so the parallels aren't quite that simple, but the similarities are awfully striking. Like ""Dark Matter,"" this particular streaming series is all about what-ifs — specifically, what if the Soviets beat the United States to the Moon? And while, in that case, it accelerated humanity's advancement into the stars, ""Dark Matter"" proposes a world where the Moon landing never happened ... and neither did the technological leaps that came with it.
Whatever device you happen to be using while reading these words, imagine a world where that wasn't even possible. ""Dark Matter"" has jumped headfirst into some seriously unsettling territory on many occasions before, but none can rival its most nightmarish one yet: a scenario where computers were never invented. Spooky, I know.
In one of the season's funnier and more lighthearted moments, Jason and his family of runaways come to the realization that they may have hit the jackpot. Apparently, John F. Kennedy lost the tightly-contested 1960 presidential race to Richard Nixon in this reality. Nixon would then go on to do Nixon things, including defunding NASA and preventing the Moon landing — and, implicitly, perhaps the space race as a whole — from ever happening. Of course, that means humanity was never incentivized to come up with the cutting-edge advancements needed to make such leaps in science, including microchips and microprocessors. Goodbye computers, hello tech-free bliss!
This should feel like awfully familiar territory for any fans of ""For All Mankind,"" another show that has had quite a propensity to throw alternate-timeline twists at us in fun and clever ways. Now, of course, ""For All Mankind"" doesn't do away with the Moon landing entirely. Rather, it changes which nation was the first to make it there. But, hopefully, you can forgive us for almost immediately clocking this as a reference (however inadvertent it may be) to a fellow Apple TV series that sci-fi nerds love. Now, let's fire up a ""Dark Matter"" spin-off series set in the Cold War where Jason and his family are busy doing cool spy stuff ... or just watch ""Star City"" again.
New episodes of ""Dark Matter"" premiere on Apple TV every Friday."
75,2026-09-05,"Most Widely Read Newspaper
File: Dangote Refinery
Kindly share this story:
The Securities and Exchange Commission has approved the commencement of the Initial Public Offering of Dangote Petroleum Refinery and Petrochemicals FZE, paving the way for the company to raise approximately N2.15tn from the Nigerian capital market.
According to a statement by the Dangote Group on Friday, the approval was conveyed in a letter to the Lead Issuing House, Vetiva Advisory Services Limited, and signed by the Director of the Securities and Investment Services Department of the SEC, Abdulkadir Abbas.
According to the statement, the proposed offer comprises 4.1 billion ordinary shares at N525 per share, which could raise approximately N2.15tn if fully subscribed.
The SEC has also registered the company’s existing 120.13 billion ordinary shares. The statement said the regulatory approval had cleared the refinery’s draft offer documents and authorised the company to proceed with its completion board meeting and signing ceremony. 
“The regulatory approval clears the refinery’s draft offer documents and authorises the company to proceed with its completion board meeting and signing ceremony, marking a significant milestone in the IPO process,” the statement said.
It added that the SEC clearance would create an opportunity for investors to participate in the ownership of the refinery while deepening the Nigerian capital market.
“The SEC’s clearance represents another major step in the evolution of Dangote Petroleum Refinery, opening investment opportunities in one of Africa’s most strategic industrial assets and further strengthening Nigeria’s capital market,” the statement said.          Related News  FMCG firms slash finance costs by N21bn  Equities market closes week with N405bn gain  Dangote Refinery shares priced at ₦525 as SEC approves IPO   
Located in Ibeju-Lekki, Lagos, the Dangote Refinery and Petrochemicals Complex occupies approximately 2,635 hectares and houses an integrated refining and petrochemicals facility.
The complex currently has a refining capacity of 700,000 barrels per day, alongside a 900,000-tonnes-per-annum polypropylene plant. It is powered by a dedicated 435-megawatt power plant.
At full production, the refinery is designed to satisfy Nigeria’s domestic demand for refined petroleum products while generating substantial volumes for export markets. The facility is also undergoing expansion expected to increase its capacity to 1.4 million barrels per day, which would make it the world’s largest refinery.
The refinery is supported by a marine facility designed to optimise logistics and freight efficiency, while its infrastructure includes five Single Point Moorings. The company said the facility incorporates advanced processing technology that meets World Bank, United States Environmental Protection Agency, European emission standards and Nigerian regulatory requirements.
Its integrated port infrastructure includes multiple quays capable of handling Panamax vessels, liquid cargo shipments and roll-on/roll-off operations. The refinery also has 177 storage tanks with a combined capacity of 4.742 billion litres.
With the SEC approval, the proposed IPO represents a major step in Dangote refinery’s plan to broaden investor participation in the company and raise fresh capital through the Nigerian capital market.
 
            
According to a statement by the Dangote Group on Friday, the approval was conveyed in a letter to the Lead Issuing House, Vetiva Advisory Services Limited, and signed by the Director of the Securities and Investment Services Department of the SEC, Abdulkadir Abbas.
According to the statement, the proposed offer comprises 4.1 billion ordinary shares at N525 per share, which could raise approximately N2.15tn if fully subscribed.
The SEC has also registered the company’s existing 120.13 billion ordinary shares. The statement said the regulatory approval had cleared the refinery’s draft offer documents and authorised the company to proceed with its completion board meeting and signing ceremony. 
“The regulatory approval clears the refinery’s draft offer documents and authorises the company to proceed with its completion board meeting and signing ceremony, marking a significant milestone in the IPO process,” the statement said.
It added that the SEC clearance would create an opportunity for investors to participate in the ownership of the refinery while deepening the Nigerian capital market.
“The SEC’s clearance represents another major step in the evolution of Dangote Petroleum Refinery, opening investment opportunities in one of Africa’s most strategic industrial assets and further strengthening Nigeria’s capital market,” the statement said.          Related News  FMCG firms slash finance costs by N21bn  Equities market closes week with N405bn gain  Dangote Refinery shares priced at ₦525 as SEC approves IPO   
Located in Ibeju-Lekki, Lagos, the Dangote Refinery and Petrochemicals Complex occupies approximately 2,635 hectares and houses an integrated refining and petrochemicals facility.
The complex currently has a refining capacity of 700,000 barrels per day, alongside a 900,000-tonnes-per-annum polypropylene plant. It is powered by a dedicated 435-megawatt power plant.
At full production, the refinery is designed to satisfy Nigeria’s domestic demand for refined petroleum products while generating substantial volumes for export markets. The facility is also undergoing expansion expected to increase its capacity to 1.4 million barrels per day, which would make it the world’s largest refinery.
The refinery is supported by a marine facility designed to optimise logistics and freight efficiency, while its infrastructure includes five Single Point Moorings. The company said the facility incorporates advanced processing technology that meets World Bank, United States Environmental Protection Agency, European emission standards and Nigerian regulatory requirements.
Its integrated port infrastructure includes multiple quays capable of handling Panamax vessels, liquid cargo shipments and roll-on/roll-off operations. The refinery also has 177 storage tanks with a combined capacity of 4.742 billion litres.
With the SEC approval, the proposed IPO represents a major step in Dangote refinery’s plan to broaden investor participation in the company and raise fresh capital through the Nigerian capital market.
 
            
According to the statement, the proposed offer comprises 4.1 billion ordinary shares at N525 per share, which could raise approximately N2.15tn if fully subscribed.
The SEC has also registered the company’s existing 120.13 billion ordinary shares. The statement said the regulatory approval had cleared the refinery’s draft offer documents and authorised the company to proceed with its completion board meeting and signing ceremony. 
“The regulatory approval clears the refinery’s draft offer documents and authorises the company to proceed with its completion board meeting and signing ceremony, marking a significant milestone in the IPO process,” the statement said.
It added that the SEC clearance would create an opportunity for investors to participate in the ownership of the refinery while deepening the Nigerian capital market.
“The SEC’s clearance represents another major step in the evolution of Dangote Petroleum Refinery, opening investment opportunities in one of Africa’s most strategic industrial assets and further strengthening Nigeria’s capital market,” the statement said.          Related News  FMCG firms slash finance costs by N21bn  Equities market closes week with N405bn gain  Dangote Refinery shares priced at ₦525 as SEC approves IPO   
Located in Ibeju-Lekki, Lagos, the Dangote Refinery and Petrochemicals Complex occupies approximately 2,635 hectares and houses an integrated refining and petrochemicals facility.
The complex currently has a refining capacity of 700,000 barrels per day, alongside a 900,000-tonnes-per-annum polypropylene plant. It is powered by a dedicated 435-megawatt power plant.
At full production, the refinery is designed to satisfy Nigeria’s domestic demand for refined petroleum products while generating substantial volumes for export markets. The facility is also undergoing expansion expected to increase its capacity to 1.4 million barrels per day, which would make it the world’s largest refinery.
The refinery is supported by a marine facility designed to optimise logistics and freight efficiency, while its infrastructure includes five Single Point Moorings. The company said the facility incorporates advanced processing technology that meets World Bank, United States Environmental Protection Agency, European emission standards and Nigerian regulatory requirements.
Its integrated port infrastructure includes multiple quays capable of handling Panamax vessels, liquid cargo shipments and roll-on/roll-off operations. The refinery also has 177 storage tanks with a combined capacity of 4.742 billion litres.
With the SEC approval, the proposed IPO represents a major step in Dangote refinery’s plan to broaden investor participation in the company and raise fresh capital through the Nigerian capital market.
 
            
The SEC has also registered the company’s existing 120.13 billion ordinary shares. The statement said the regulatory approval had cleared the refinery’s draft offer documents and authorised the company to proceed with its completion board meeting and signing ceremony. 
“The regulatory approval clears the refinery’s draft offer documents and authorises the company to proceed with its completion board meeting and signing ceremony, marking a significant milestone in the IPO process,” the statement said.
It added that the SEC clearance would create an opportunity for investors to participate in the ownership of the refinery while deepening the Nigerian capital market.
“The SEC’s clearance represents another major step in the evolution of Dangote Petroleum Refinery, opening investment opportunities in one of Africa’s most strategic industrial assets and further strengthening Nigeria’s capital market,” the statement said.          Related News  FMCG firms slash finance costs by N21bn  Equities market closes week with N405bn gain  Dangote Refinery shares priced at ₦525 as SEC approves IPO   
Located in Ibeju-Lekki, Lagos, the Dangote Refinery and Petrochemicals Complex occupies approximately 2,635 hectares and houses an integrated refining and petrochemicals facility.
The complex currently has a refining capacity of 700,000 barrels per day, alongside a 900,000-tonnes-per-annum polypropylene plant. It is powered by a dedicated 435-megawatt power plant.
At full production, the refinery is designed to satisfy Nigeria’s domestic demand for refined petroleum products while generating substantial volumes for export markets. The facility is also undergoing expansion expected to increase its capacity to 1.4 million barrels per day, which would make it the world’s largest refinery.
The refinery is supported by a marine facility designed to optimise logistics and freight efficiency, while its infrastructure includes five Single Point Moorings. The company said the facility incorporates advanced processing technology that meets World Bank, United States Environmental Protection Agency, European emission standards and Nigerian regulatory requirements.
Its integrated port infrastructure includes multiple quays capable of handling Panamax vessels, liquid cargo shipments and roll-on/roll-off operations. The refinery also has 177 storage tanks with a combined capacity of 4.742 billion litres.
With the SEC approval, the proposed IPO represents a major step in Dangote refinery’s plan to broaden investor participation in the company and raise fresh capital through the Nigerian capital market.
 
            
“The regulatory approval clears the refinery’s draft offer documents and authorises the company to proceed with its completion board meeting and signing ceremony, marking a significant milestone in the IPO process,” the statement said.
It added that the SEC clearance would create an opportunity for investors to participate in the ownership of the refinery while deepening the Nigerian capital market.
“The SEC’s clearance represents another major step in the evolution of Dangote Petroleum Refinery, opening investment opportunities in one of Africa’s most strategic industrial assets and further strengthening Nigeria’s capital market,” the statement said.          Related News  FMCG firms slash finance costs by N21bn  Equities market closes week with N405bn gain  Dangote Refinery shares priced at ₦525 as SEC approves IPO   
Located in Ibeju-Lekki, Lagos, the Dangote Refinery and Petrochemicals Complex occupies approximately 2,635 hectares and houses an integrated refining and petrochemicals facility.
The complex currently has a refining capacity of 700,000 barrels per day, alongside a 900,000-tonnes-per-annum polypropylene plant. It is powered by a dedicated 435-megawatt power plant.
At full production, the refinery is designed to satisfy Nigeria’s domestic demand for refined petroleum products while generating substantial volumes for export markets. The facility is also undergoing expansion expected to increase its capacity to 1.4 million barrels per day, which would make it the world’s largest refinery.
The refinery is supported by a marine facility designed to optimise logistics and freight efficiency, while its infrastructure includes five Single Point Moorings. The company said the facility incorporates advanced processing technology that meets World Bank, United States Environmental Protection Agency, European emission standards and Nigerian regulatory requirements.
Its integrated port infrastructure includes multiple quays capable of handling Panamax vessels, liquid cargo shipments and roll-on/roll-off operations. The refinery also has 177 storage tanks with a combined capacity of 4.742 billion litres.
With the SEC approval, the proposed IPO represents a major step in Dangote refinery’s plan to broaden investor participation in the company and raise fresh capital through the Nigerian capital market.
 
            
It added that the SEC clearance would create an opportunity for investors to participate in the ownership of the refinery while deepening the Nigerian capital market.
“The SEC’s clearance represents another major step in the evolution of Dangote Petroleum Refinery, opening investment opportunities in one of Africa’s most strategic industrial assets and further strengthening Nigeria’s capital market,” the statement said.          Related News  FMCG firms slash finance costs by N21bn  Equities market closes week with N405bn gain  Dangote Refinery shares priced at ₦525 as SEC approves IPO   
Located in Ibeju-Lekki, Lagos, the Dangote Refinery and Petrochemicals Complex occupies approximately 2,635 hectares and houses an integrated refining and petrochemicals facility.
The complex currently has a refining capacity of 700,000 barrels per day, alongside a 900,000-tonnes-per-annum polypropylene plant. It is powered by a dedicated 435-megawatt power plant.
At full production, the refinery is designed to satisfy Nigeria’s domestic demand for refined petroleum products while generating substantial volumes for export markets. The facility is also undergoing expansion expected to increase its capacity to 1.4 million barrels per day, which would make it the world’s largest refinery.
The refinery is supported by a marine facility designed to optimise logistics and freight efficiency, while its infrastructure includes five Single Point Moorings. The company said the facility incorporates advanced processing technology that meets World Bank, United States Environmental Protection Agency, European emission standards and Nigerian regulatory requirements.
Its integrated port infrastructure includes multiple quays capable of handling Panamax vessels, liquid cargo shipments and roll-on/roll-off operations. The refinery also has 177 storage tanks with a combined capacity of 4.742 billion litres.
With the SEC approval, the proposed IPO represents a major step in Dangote refinery’s plan to broaden investor participation in the company and raise fresh capital through the Nigerian capital market.
 
            
“The SEC’s clearance represents another major step in the evolution of Dangote Petroleum Refinery, opening investment opportunities in one of Africa’s most strategic industrial assets and further strengthening Nigeria’s capital market,” the statement said.          Related News  FMCG firms slash finance costs by N21bn  Equities market closes week with N405bn gain  Dangote Refinery shares priced at ₦525 as SEC approves IPO   
Located in Ibeju-Lekki, Lagos, the Dangote Refinery and Petrochemicals Complex occupies approximately 2,635 hectares and houses an integrated refining and petrochemicals facility.
The complex currently has a refining capacity of 700,000 barrels per day, alongside a 900,000-tonnes-per-annum polypropylene plant. It is powered by a dedicated 435-megawatt power plant.
At full production, the refinery is designed to satisfy Nigeria’s domestic demand for refined petroleum products while generating substantial volumes for export markets. The facility is also undergoing expansion expected to increase its capacity to 1.4 million barrels per day, which would make it the world’s largest refinery.
The refinery is supported by a marine facility designed to optimise logistics and freight efficiency, while its infrastructure includes five Single Point Moorings. The company said the facility incorporates advanced processing technology that meets World Bank, United States Environmental Protection Agency, European emission standards and Nigerian regulatory requirements.
Its integrated port infrastructure includes multiple quays capable of handling Panamax vessels, liquid cargo shipments and roll-on/roll-off operations. The refinery also has 177 storage tanks with a combined capacity of 4.742 billion litres.
With the SEC approval, the proposed IPO represents a major step in Dangote refinery’s plan to broaden investor participation in the company and raise fresh capital through the Nigerian capital market.
 
            
Located in Ibeju-Lekki, Lagos, the Dangote Refinery and Petrochemicals Complex occupies approximately 2,635 hectares and houses an integrated refining and petrochemicals facility.
The complex currently has a refining capacity of 700,000 barrels per day, alongside a 900,000-tonnes-per-annum polypropylene plant. It is powered by a dedicated 435-megawatt power plant.
At full production, the refinery is designed to satisfy Nigeria’s domestic demand for refined petroleum products while generating substantial volumes for export markets. The facility is also undergoing expansion expected to increase its capacity to 1.4 million barrels per day, which would make it the world’s largest refinery.
The refinery is supported by a marine facility designed to optimise logistics and freight efficiency, while its infrastructure includes five Single Point Moorings. The company said the facility incorporates advanced processing technology that meets World Bank, United States Environmental Protection Agency, European emission standards and Nigerian regulatory requirements.
Its integrated port infrastructure includes multiple quays capable of handling Panamax vessels, liquid cargo shipments and roll-on/roll-off operations. The refinery also has 177 storage tanks with a combined capacity of 4.742 billion litres.
With the SEC approval, the proposed IPO represents a major step in Dangote refinery’s plan to broaden investor participation in the company and raise fresh capital through the Nigerian capital market.
 
            
The complex currently has a refining capacity of 700,000 barrels per day, alongside a 900,000-tonnes-per-annum polypropylene plant. It is powered by a dedicated 435-megawatt power plant.
At full production, the refinery is designed to satisfy Nigeria’s domestic demand for refined petroleum products while generating substantial volumes for export markets. The facility is also undergoing expansion expected to increase its capacity to 1.4 million barrels per day, which would make it the world’s largest refinery.
The refinery is supported by a marine facility designed to optimise logistics and freight efficiency, while its infrastructure includes five Single Point Moorings. The company said the facility incorporates advanced processing technology that meets World Bank, United States Environmental Protection Agency, European emission standards and Nigerian regulatory requirements.
Its integrated port infrastructure includes multiple quays capable of handling Panamax vessels, liquid cargo shipments and roll-on/roll-off operations. The refinery also has 177 storage tanks with a combined capacity of 4.742 billion litres.
With the SEC approval, the proposed IPO represents a major step in Dangote refinery’s plan to broaden investor participation in the company and raise fresh capital through the Nigerian capital market.
 
            
At full production, the refinery is designed to satisfy Nigeria’s domestic demand for refined petroleum products while generating substantial volumes for export markets. The facility is also undergoing expansion expected to increase its capacity to 1.4 million barrels per day, which would make it the world’s largest refinery.
The refinery is supported by a marine facility designed to optimise logistics and freight efficiency, while its infrastructure includes five Single Point Moorings. The company said the facility incorporates advanced processing technology that meets World Bank, United States Environmental Protection Agency, European emission standards and Nigerian regulatory requirements.
Its integrated port infrastructure includes multiple quays capable of handling Panamax vessels, liquid cargo shipments and roll-on/roll-off operations. The refinery also has 177 storage tanks with a combined capacity of 4.742 billion litres.
With the SEC approval, the proposed IPO represents a major step in Dangote refinery’s plan to broaden investor participation in the company and raise fresh capital through the Nigerian capital market.
 
            
The refinery is supported by a marine facility designed to optimise logistics and freight efficiency, while its infrastructure includes five Single Point Moorings. The company said the facility incorporates advanced processing technology that meets World Bank, United States Environmental Protection Agency, European emission standards and Nigerian regulatory requirements.
Its integrated port infrastructure includes multiple quays capable of handling Panamax vessels, liquid cargo shipments and roll-on/roll-off operations. The refinery also has 177 storage tanks with a combined capacity of 4.742 billion litres.
With the SEC approval, the proposed IPO represents a major step in Dangote refinery’s plan to broaden investor participation in the company and raise fresh capital through the Nigerian capital market.
 
            
Its integrated port infrastructure includes multiple quays capable of handling Panamax vessels, liquid cargo shipments and roll-on/roll-off operations. The refinery also has 177 storage tanks with a combined capacity of 4.742 billion litres.
With the SEC approval, the proposed IPO represents a major step in Dangote refinery’s plan to broaden investor participation in the company and raise fresh capital through the Nigerian capital market.
 
            
With the SEC approval, the proposed IPO represents a major step in Dangote refinery’s plan to broaden investor participation in the company and raise fresh capital through the Nigerian capital market.
 
            
Dare Olawin is a journalist at Punch Newspapers with over a decade of reporting experience. He began his career as a community reporter and now covers the energy sector, including oil, gas, electricity, and renewables. Dare’s work reflects hands-on newsroom experience, professional development through workshops and conferences, and a strong commitment to accurate and insightful journalism.
Kindly share this story:
 All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH.
Contact:  [email protected]  



   ATTENTION NIGERIANS: You can now comfortably earn US Dollars when you acquire premium domains for as low as $3000 and profit $15,000-$35,000.
Ideal for professionals like Entrepreneurs, Doctors, Civil/Public servants, IT Experts, Accountants ETC.
        
                CLICK HERE TO START.
         

Stay informed and ahead of the curve! Follow The Punch Newspaper on WhatsApp for real-time updates, breaking news, and exclusive content. Don't miss a headline – join now!
Stay in the know—fast. Get instant alerts, breaking headlines, and exclusive stories with the Punch News App. Download now and never miss a beat.
Unlock the full print replica on any device - every page, every day. Subscribe now for instant e-edition access.

                        punchng.com © 1971- 2026 Punch Nigeria Limited"
76,2026-09-05,"A seven-figure land sale looked like a clean retirement windfall until a billing notice arrived two years after closing and connected back to a single decision made at the negotiating table.
Read More: Learn 7 ways to generate income with a $1,000,000+ portfolio (sponsor)
This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.
A retired man in his late sixties owns rural land that suddenly sits in the path of a data center developer. The offer runs into seven figures. He is ready to sell, but instead of taking every dollar at closing, he negotiates payments over several years.
That choice can look strange when a well-funded buyer is prepared to wire the entire amount. For someone already collecting Social Security and Medicare, however, spreading a qualifying gain across several tax years can keep one giant income spike from traveling through the rest of his retirement finances at once. Medicare may not react until two years later.
A large land-sale gain can affect the federal taxation of Social Security benefits. The IRS generally looks at one-half of Social Security benefits plus other income, including capital gains. Depending on total income and filing status, as much as 85% of benefits can be included in taxable income.
Medicare uses a different calculation with a delayed effect. The income-related monthly adjustment amount (IRMAA) for Part B and prescription-drug coverage is generally based on modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) from two years earlier. A large gain recognized in 2026 can therefore show up in Medicare premiums in 2028, using the thresholds and premium amounts in effect then.
The current numbers show how steep the difference can be. In 2026, a single filer with MAGI of $109,000 or less pays the standard Part B premium of $202.90 a month. At $500,000 or more, Part B reaches $689.90, plus a $91 monthly Part D surcharge on top of the person’s drug-plan premium. Married couples filing jointly reach the top tier at $750,000. That higher bill can arrive long after the closing table has been cleared.
Federal installment-sale rules generally allow a qualifying seller who receives at least one payment after the year of sale to recognize portions of the gain as principal payments arrive. Each payment typically includes three pieces: interest, a return of basis and taxable gain. For the landowner, that can turn one enormous gain year into several smaller ones. Depending on the size of the payments and his other income, the structure may reduce how often he crosses higher Medicare tiers and may soften the tax interaction with his Social Security benefits.
It does not make the gain disappear. Interest on the deferred payments is ordinary income, and the IRS can impute interest when a contract does not provide enough. Depreciation recapture, when applicable, generally must be recognized in the year of sale rather than spread across future installments. Very large installment obligations can carry additional federal interest rules as well, another reason a multimillion-dollar transaction deserves modeling before the contract is final.
The installment route is not automatically superior. Receiving everything at closing removes the risk that the developer fails to make future payments. It gives the seller immediate control of the proceeds and eliminates the need to manage a long-term note against one buyer. An installment sale asks him to trade some of that certainty for tax timing. The interest rate, security behind the note, payment schedule and financial strength of the developer therefore matter alongside the Medicare calculation.
There is also no guarantee that splitting a very large sale over several years keeps him below IRMAA. It may simply move him through lower tiers or reduce the number of years spent at the top.
The useful part is that he can compare both paths while the developer is still negotiating terms.
He does not have to turn down the data center deal to protect the rest of his retirement plan. Sometimes the useful choice is simply deciding how quickly to take the money. The developer may value the land in one lump sum. Medicare gives him a reason to think about it one year at a time.
Contact [email protected] for any questions or corrections.
Gerelyn Terzo is the author of dividend investing handbook ""Dividend Investing Strategies: How to Have Your Cake & Eat It Too."" A veteran financial journalist, she covers agri-finance for outlets like Global AgInvesting and the broader stock market and personal finance for 24/7 Wall Street. She began at CNBC and later helped launch Fox Business in New York. Gerelyn currently resides in Woodland Park, Colorado and dabbles in nature photography as a hobby.
The Sale That Raises Next Year’s Medicare Bill A married couple, both around 66 and on Medicare, owns a paid-off rental house bought decades ago. The tenants are fine, cash flow is steady, but…
Selling a vacation cabin after decades of summers can feel like a clean financial win, but a hidden federal mechanism waits in the background to collect its share two years after the closing table…
A man in his late sixties has spent decades running a bed-and-breakfast out of the same building he lives in. He has a longtime employee who knows every detail of the operation. Selling the…
A Big Payday With a Hidden Medicare Bill Attached Picture a 64-year-old business owner who has spent decades building something worth selling. A buyer is at the table with an offer around $900,000. He…
Selling an Iowa farm that was bought decades ago for a fraction of its current value sounds like a windfall, but one closing can trigger a cascade of tax consequences most farmers never see…
Selling a classic car at a profit seems simple enough until a letter arrives two years later with a bill you never saw coming. The IRS takes its share at closing, but Medicare has…
They sold a forgotten lake lot in under a week and celebrated a clean six-figure gain. Then a government agency they never thought about at the closing table sent its own invoice, nearly two…
Consider this: a 65-year-old single retiree with an $80,000 base income from a pension and partial 401(k) withdrawals sells a rental property in her Medicare enrollment year. The long-term capital gain from the deal…
A retired couple in their late 60s closes on the sale of a longtime rental property in 2024. After taxable gain and any depreciation recapture, their modified adjusted gross income for that tax year…

				This post may contain links from our sponsors and affiliates, and Flywheel Publishing may receive compensation for actions taken through them.				© 2026 24/7 Wall St.
			"
77,2026-09-05,"Carvana just posted its best quarter ever, yet the stock is down for the year."
78,2026-09-05,"RTX Corporation (NYSE:RTX) is increasingly benefiting from surging demand for missiles, air-defense systems, and other military equipment as geopolitical ten..."
79,2026-09-05,"This is the forum for daily political discussion on Seeking Alpha. A new version is published every market day.
Please don't leave political comments on other articles or posts on the site.
The comments below are not regulated with the same rigor as the rest of the site, and this is an 'enter at your own risk' area as discussion can get very heated. If you can't stand the heat... you know what they say...
More on Today's Markets:
Moderation Guidelines:
We remove comments under the following categories:
Regardless of which side of the political divide you find yourself, please be courteous and don't direct abuse at other users.
For any issue with regards to comments please email us at : moderation@seekingalpha.com.
Seeking Alpha's Disclosure: Past performance is no guarantee of future results. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. Any views or opinions expressed above may not reflect those of Seeking Alpha as a whole. Seeking Alpha is not a licensed securities dealer, broker or US investment adviser or investment bank. Our analysts are third party authors that include both professional investors and individual investors who may not be licensed or certified by any institute or regulatory body.
 

This article was written by"
80,2026-09-05,"Chris Camillo — the investor who’s turned a small stake into as much as $100M — says Tesla’s robotaxi and Cybercab story is already priced into the stock. We go through the actual numbers on a whiteboard and show why we think he’s missing several layers. FSD subscription revenue today, the Hardware 4 legacy fleet (6M+ vehicles), Cybercab unit economics, and where robotaxi money really comes from vs. where people assume it comes from.

In this video:
0:00 The Cybercab “non-event” and the Chris Camillo debate
1:00 Is Waymo or Tesla actually ahead right now?
2:20 FSD subscription revenue vs. Waymo’s robotaxi revenue
3:40 Hardware payback: how fast Tesla earns back the FSD hardware cost
5:20 The 6 million Hardware 4 cars nobody’s pricing in
7:20 Cybercab unit economics: $30K-$50K per vehicle, gross vs. net
10:00 Why we think this isn’t priced in — the real total
13:00 What IS actually priced in: institutional ownership, optionality
16:00 Optimus, semi, AI5 chips, and the next leg up
19:00 What’s coming next
We’re not saying Chris is wrong about everything — we agree part of the story is priced in. We disagree is how much.
The market is still not counting the FSD legacy fleet, Hardware 4 monetization, AI5/semiconductor business and if things do really completely get solved for FSD and for robotaxi then the revenue and growth will quickly scale to $20 billion of profit by end of 2027 and $200 billion+ of profit in 2029. This is a $10+ trillion valuation that would discount to $5 trillion or more when there is certainty.
Brian Wang is a Futurist Thought Leader and a popular Science blogger with 1 million readers per month. His blog Nextbigfuture.com is ranked #1 Science News Blog. It covers many disruptive technology and trends including Space, Robotics, Artificial Intelligence, Medicine, Anti-aging Biotechnology, and Nanotechnology.
Known for identifying cutting edge technologies, he is currently a Co-Founder of a startup and fundraiser for high potential early-stage companies. He is the Head of Research for Allocations for deep technology investments and an Angel Investor at Space Angels.
A frequent speaker at corporations, he has been a TEDx speaker, a Singularity University speaker and guest at numerous interviews for radio and podcasts.  He is open to public speaking and advising engagements.
Comment
 

"
81,2026-09-05,"Shahed Saleem’s exhibition presents colourful tapestries depicting fateful moments for British and European Muslims.
Save
Share
London, United Kingdom – Underneath a 536-year-old Islamic-inspired Spanish roof in east London hang three tapestries linking the city’s Muslim communities to Europe’s longstanding Muslim histories.
Among the works by artist Shahed Saleem, signs from the British Home Office’s 2013 “Hostile Environment” policy, urging undocumented immigrants to self-deport, are depicted along with images of Muslim shoppers in London’s diverse Queen’s Market and a portrait of Altab Ali, a young Bangladeshi man who was murdered in a city park in a racially motivated attack.




The collection, entitled I Was Born Here, is “a story of migration and of belonging”, said Saleem, who is also an architect, author and academic.
Sitting on pillows beneath the ceiling, he invited onlookers to view and discuss his exhibition.
Saleem contextualised the works against rising xenophobia, seen recently during the election wins of Reform UK, an anti-immigrant party, and racist riots in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
“While I was making the work, I was seeing the increasing racial politics, the hateful climate against … basically all people that represented migration and processes of immigration,” Saleem told Al Jazeera.
He was approached by the Victoria and Albert Museum team in 2024 to create an exhibit for their new Stratford location, the V&A East Storehouse, which responded to the local community and culture, and to the Torrijos ceiling. The elaborate carved and gilded wooden ceiling, which measures 6 by 6 metres (20 x 20 feet), originated from a palace in the central Spanish town of Torrijos.
What followed was hundreds of hours of building three enormous tapestries.
The first, named Home Office, depicts verbatim quotes from government signage displayed through diverse neighbourhoods in London. Back in 2013, intimidation tactics were evident in the language used: “106 ARRESTS LAST WEEK IN YOUR AREA”, “In the UK Illegally?” and “GO HOME OR FACE ARREST”. They are now woven on the fabric, against a backdrop of Alhambra patterns – Islamic geometric art rooted in medieval Spain.
A panelled tapestry, Altab Ali’s portrait, honours the textile worker who was stabbed to death in a racially motivated attack in 1978, when he was just 24.
There is also an image of the voyage of the Santa Maria, Christopher Columbus’s vehicle, funded by the Spanish monarchy, marking the beginning of Spain’s colonisation of the so-called “New World” in 1492.
In the 1400s, despite centuries of religious plurality throughout Spain, the Spanish Inquisition began violently targeting Jewish and Muslim communities.
“While this period is often celebrated as the dawn of Spain’s Golden Age, it also ushered in one of Europe’s most devastating programmes of religious and ethnic homogenisation,” said Tharik Hussain, historian, travel writer and author of Muslim Europe: A Journey in Search of a Fourteen Hundred Year History.
“Over the century that followed, and in those leading up to it, hundreds of thousands of European Muslims and Jews were forced into exile, compelled to convert or driven from their homes, while countless others endured persecution, imprisonment and death in an attempt to erase entire communities that had been indigenous to the peninsula for centuries.”
He said throughout history, “Christian Europe” has admired and at times preserved and celebrated the “artistic achievements of Europe’s Islamic civilisation”, but too often has marginalised, excluded and persecuted Muslim communities.
Reflecting on the exhibit, 26-year-old visitor Hana said, “Although the stories were rooted in the past, you can see that the themes remain alive in today’s public.
“There was something particularly ironic about [the roof] being presented alongside the tapestry’s representation of hostility and the uncomfortable realities of migration.”
She said the irony is in Europe’s longstanding fascination and orientalisation of Islamic art and people, alongside increasing Islamophobia. In the past year alone, Islamic art has sold for record-setting amounts in London’s auction houses, while anti-Muslim crimes terrorise communities.
 

 
For Saleem, histories are intentionally interwoven.
“Colonisation abroad and the creation of ethno-nationalism at home, these two components became constituent parts of the Modern European nation, which continues today,” he said.
Elsewhere in the exhibit, The Bell Hotel and the Britannia Hotel, both of which have been used to host asylum seekers, are depicted on a coat of arms. Last July, hundreds of far-right protesters attempted to storm The Bell Hotel in Epping, Essex, at least three of whom were found guilty of violent disorder this month.
Another tapestry is lively. A crowd of market-goers bustles throughout Newham’s Queen’s Market, an iconic publicly owned market that locals have recently fought to protect against corporate development.
“I felt that these are the people who are being very largely impacted by legislation and timing that we’re seeing,” Saleem told Al Jazeera. “But they also represent a multicultural [Britain] and a process of arriving, settling, creativity, labour and life, really. This piece shows the richness of the city which is threatened.”
For Imran Haque, 25, the exhibit is more than just an artistic and political commentary – it speaks to him and his family’s personal histories.
“I Was Born Here manifests the very real, tangible and honest truth that I, and thousands more British Muslims, were, in fact, born here,” he told Al Jazeera. In the 1970s, Haque’s mother and her friends, as young Bangladeshi newcomers to London, shopped for fabrics at the very same marketplace that Saleem sourced his textiles from.
Underpinning Saleem’s work is an undermining of ethnonationalist thinking that positions Muslim immigrants as foreign and non-British.
The histories of the Alhambra and the roof itself nod to Islam’s place in Europe for centuries, while the title of the exhibit, I Was Born Here, satirises a common phrase that Muslim and non-white Londoners are often forced to repeat.
“It’s something that we would have to use to justify our existence here, in England, to counter racist attacks,” Saleem explained to Al Jazeera. “It’s part [of] a parody of having to continuously claim one’s space in the palace where you actually belong.”
The works are the first thing the eye catches when entering the first floor of the Storehouse, taking up an enormous amount of space with its bright colours and sheer size.
This significance is not lost on onlookers like Haque, who said its prominence in the gallery “has allowed me to feel free to occupy space with my history and story”.
“Muslims are not a strange or foreign concept,” he said. “The religion has been known on these shores from the 16th century, and the pieces serve as a reminder that faith has no borders.”
I Was Born Here, to Saleem, is not just a political commentary or a series of artworks – it is an artefact. “We’re in a historical moment at this point in time so the work acts as a marker of that moment, as well,” says Saleem, viewing the works as documenting an unprecedented wave of Islamophobia and anti-migrant sentiment, and a historical revisionism that positions Europe as solely Christian. “When you come back and read the work in 100 years’ time, it will speak of all these things.”









Follow Al Jazeera English:"
82,2026-09-05,Tesla Inc. shares were down roughly 3% in premarket trading Friday following a Cybercab launch that The Wall Street Journal business columnist Tim Higgins sa...
83,2026-09-05,"
							Copyright © Nick Pratley. 2026 • All rights reserved.
					

Cedar WordPress Theme by EckoThemes.
Published with WordPress.

This was AI driven, and verified in a lab, 6 hours vs what would generally take weeks to months of work – why use your hands when you own a shovel or a post hole digger.
On the 3rd of September 2026, MikroTik quietly pushed RouterOS 7.23.4 (long-term), 7.24.2 (stable) and 6.49.21 (v6) all on the same day. Every one of them carried the same banner:
This is an important security update. Most configurations are not at risk, but upgrading is highly recommended. To give time to update your systems, we are not currently publishing detailed information.
Translation: “we found something nasty, we patched it, and we are not going to tell you what it is until enough of you have updated.” Fair enough. Except there is a delicious irony baked into that sentence. If you ship the fixed binaries to the entire planet, then the diff between old and new is the disclosure. The embargo protects the unpatched fleet, not the patched binary sitting on your download mirror.
So let us do what any operator running a fleet of these should do: pull both versions, reverse the delta, and work out what changed. This post is the full walk from static diff to reproduced code execution. There are three real bugs here, and two conditional chains. One is the low-exponent RSA signature forgery into the mtget overflow. The other—now matched to an active-exploitation support trace—is an SSH username of -2 reaching a legacy file-descriptor login transport, letting an authenticated read-only session supply its own full policy mask. That second path gives full RouterOS command execution and can in turn reach mtget. What I have not reproduced is a stock, credential-free way to make SSH accept literal user -2 in the first place; that boundary matters, and this revision keeps it explicit.
Every RouterOS release dumps a wall of “improve stability” bullet points. The trick with a silent security release is to find the entry that appears in all maintained branches on the same day, because a coordinated cross-branch backport is the fingerprint of a single serious fix. Diffing the changelogs, exactly one line qualifies:
Present in 7.23.4, 7.24.2 and 6.49.21. Absent from 7.23.3. That is our thread to pull.
RouterOS ships as NPK (“Nova Package”) files. I grabbed the x86 base package for the patched and the previous release, about 20MB each, no auth needed:
An NPK is a custom container: a 4-byte magic (1E F1 D0 BA), a run of TLV parts, a signature block, and the interesting bit, a squashfs payload. binwalk finds the filesystem for us:
Standard squashfs 4.0 with xz. Carve from offset 0x1000 and unsquash it. My host was missing unsquashfs, so a throwaway Alpine container did the honours:
RouterOS is not one monolithic daemon. It is a swarm of small “nova” processes under /nova/bin/ talking over an internal message bus, brokered by a master loader process. The SSH server lives in a bundle, and interestingly the client and server are the same binary:
A naive cmp of the two sshd binaries reports 170KB of differences, which is useless noise. Insert a few bytes near the top of .text and every address downstream shifts, so the whole file “changes”. The signal is not in the bytes, it is in the symbols. Stripped or not, the dynamic symbol table survives, and a diff of exported and imported symbols cuts straight to intent.
One trap worth mentioning: BusyBox sh in Alpine has no process substitution, so diff <(...) <(...) silently compares two empty streams and reports everything as identical. That will happily convince you nothing changed. Temp files and comm instead:
Run that across every changed ELF and the story falls out. Two shared libraries changed, and the same handful of symbols move together across a whole cluster of binaries:
The SSH-focused symbol diff exposes two pieces: a new validLoginParamInput on the terminal-login paths and a changed parseHashFromDerEncoded in the RSA path. A wider sweep of every changed ELF exposes the third: nova/bin/mtget adds snprintf and the error Filename too long. The important correction is that the validator is not cosmetic hardening: in interactive SSH it closes a trusted-argv/policy injection, while mtget is the independently reachable native-process memory-corruption primitive.
The new validLoginParamInput function accepts only a non-empty value which does not begin with - or a space, does not end with a space, and contains no control byte or DEL. My first pass correctly identified characteristic argv hardening, then stopped at the wrong process. The authentication backend, nova/bin/user, does not execute anything and is byte-identical between these releases. The sink is one process later: /nova/bin/login.
Those final two values are standalone positional arguments. The unchanged login parser has a legacy internal transport: if a positional begins with -, strip the dash, parse the rest with atoi, accept descriptors 0 through 32, read at most 4096 bytes from that descriptor, require a final NUL, and split the buffer into two NUL-delimited fields. It is how mepty can pass trusted login material through a pipe without exposing it in argv.
For an interactive SSH session, fds 0, 1 and 2 are duplicates of the PTY slave. Therefore an SSH username of -2 means “replace the trusted login positionals by reading stderr/PTY fd 2”. The second replacement field goes through strtoul(..., 10) and becomes the authorization policy mask. It is not a password and it is not a random per-session handle.
A PTY is normally in canonical mode. Sending 4096 NULs does not cleanly terminate the read; the line discipline continues waiting, and a later Enter makes the final byte a newline, which the parser rejects. The correct framing is two NUL-terminated fields followed by two terminal VEOF bytes (0x04 0x04): the first VEOF delivers the pending buffer without adding a byte, and the second makes the next read return EOF.
RouterOS normally refuses to create a local account named -2, so I used a disposable RADIUS responder restricted to that exact username to isolate the post-authentication boundary. SSH recorded the outer identity as -2, group read. After the fd-2 block above, RouterOS opened this console:
654958 is 0x9fe6e, RouterOS’s normalized full policy set. An all-ones 32-bit value is clamped to that same set. This was not merely an odd prompt: the outer read-only session performed write and policy actions. I then created and immediately removed the exact campaign-shaped account, producing:
That is the same unusual pair reported from an affected router: configuration changes attributed to ssh:-2@<address>, followed by an ops user in full. It is a strong behavioural match to this path, not just a shared string IOC.
This client is deliberately restricted to loopback or RFC1918 targets. Its default RouterOS command is read-only. The SSH layer must already accept literal username -2; in my lab that acceptance was supplied by the scoped RADIUS responder.
7.23.4 validates the stored SSH username before spawning the interactive login child. Literal -2 is rejected with invalid user input; no trusted fd parser and no RouterOS console follows. This is the direct fix.
The exploit still begins after SSH user authentication. In a clean local-auth lab, -2 was rejected with the correct admin password, an RSA key authorized to admin, numeric/dash aliases -0 through -3, arbitrary RSA and Ed25519 keys, an attacker-owned e=3 key, and a forged signature for the built-in Go Daddy e=3 CA key. SSH none, keyboard-interactive, embedded-NUL usernames and post-success username mutation also failed. The changed authentication backend is byte-identical. So this work confirms authenticated read-to-full command execution, but it does not manufacture a stock credential-free way for SSH to accept -2. If the field target did not use RADIUS/User Manager or another external AAA path, a separate initial-access primitive remains missing.
RouterOS 7.23.4 also contains explicit incident remediation in nova/bin/mode: it recognises an ops user in full, suspicious fetch/import scheduler entries and campaign domains, disables known-malicious configuration, logs what it found, and sets device mode to flagged=yes after reboot. That is consistent with the support report and with an incident-response patch, not generic stability work.
This is the interesting one. parseHashFromDerEncoded changed in every consumer that verifies an RSA signature:
Finding one routine on the verification path of SSH, IKE and TLS is excellent attack-surface discovery. It is not, by itself, proof that any of them is bypassable. Establishing direction matters: for ipsec the surrounding strings are AUTHENTICATION_FAILED, peer does not conform to RFC 5996 and can't verify peer's certificate, so it is verifying a remote peer during IKE_AUTH, which is attacker-supplied and inbound. For ssld it is certificate verification inside the TLS handshake, whose exploitability depends entirely on which direction and which config. For cloud it is mostly outbound verification of MikroTik’s own services. So the honest scope is: the same verifier sits under SSH, IPsec and TLS. Whether each is bypassable is a separate question per protocol.
Now the routine itself. It extracts the hash digest out of the DER DigestInfo inside a PKCS#1 v1.5 signature. It enters by checking the tag is 0x30 (SEQUENCE), which tells us the PKCS#1 padding has already been stripped upstream. So the full picture is two layers: the caller strips 00 01 FF..FF 00, then this routine parses what is left.
libucrypto exposes no one-shot RSA verify here. The SSH binary performs signature^e mod n, serialises the result to the modulus width, strips the PKCS#1 v1.5 envelope, and passes the remaining DigestInfo to parseHashFromDerEncoded. The actual 7.23.3 check is:
My previous revision said the loop required at least eight FF bytes. It does not. I re-read the instructions around 0x805cb95..0x805cbd9 and then tested the result: zero FF bytes are accepted. The shortest accepted prefix is therefore 00 01 00. That is materially weaker than standard EMSA-PKCS1-v1_5 and gives a low-exponent forgery much more room.
The old DER routine checks the outer SEQUENCE, the hash OID and the digest OCTET STRING, then returns the digest span. It never asks whether anything remains after that object. The SSH caller does compare the returned span byte-for-byte with the calculated digest, so the old missing digest-length check is redundant in this particular caller. The ignored tail is not redundant.
The 0x100 value is a parser sentinel, not a 256-byte RSA modulus check. The corresponding parser writes 0x100 at clean EOF and 0x101 on truncation. In plain English, 7.23.4 says: the expected digest must be exactly the expected length, and it must be the final thing in the encoded message.
I stopped here in the earlier revision because static analysis had reached its honest limit. The experiment is now done. I ran 7.23.3 and 7.23.4 CHR side by side in local Docker/QEMU, created the same low-privilege user on both, and imported the same 2048-bit RSA public key with exponent e=3. The client retained only the public key for signing purposes.
The forgery builds the prefix below, pads the low end of the 2048-bit integer with zeroes, and takes the integer cube root rounded up:
Because e=3, verification cubes the forged signature. The high-order checked prefix survives the rounding; the error lands in the low-order garbage which 7.23.3 ignores. No private-key operation occurs.
With paramiko==5.0.0, the results were unambiguous:
That is an end-to-end SSH authentication bypass for the stated precondition: a known RSA e=3 public key is already authorized for the target account. It is not “bring any e=3 key and become admin”, and it is not a general e=65537 break. Public keys are not secrets, but an attacker still needs the specific authorized key.
The wider ELF sweep found the piece I had initially waved away as a one-line sprintf hardening. In nova/bin/mtget, the vulnerable TFTP request builder is much worse: 7.23.3 copies the caller-controlled remote pathname into a fixed stack packet with an unbounded rep movsb, then appends mode and option strings after it.
7.23.4 replaces this with a remaining-capacity cursor, checked appends, snprintf, and a new user-visible error: Filename too long.
The pathname comes from an authenticated RouterOS command, not from the TFTP server:
That makes this a post-auth bug on its own, but it is reachable with the test policy. RouterOS’s built-in read group includes ssh,read,test and excludes write,policy. A supposedly read-only operator can reach the vulnerable process.
The same 700-byte pathname was sent to both builds. 7.23.4 returned failure: Filename too long. On 7.23.3, the command channel hung, RouterOS generated autosupout.rif for a service malfunction, and the router itself stayed alive. Decoding the support file locally produced:
A patterned run with 542 As followed by BBBB produced eip=0x42424241 and a stack beginning 42 43 43 43.... Saved EIP starts at remote-path offset 541. The binary is NX, but it has no stack canary, is non-PIE at 0x08048000, and uses partial RELRO. The post-return stack is controlled and stable in this x86 CHR process. That is a straightforward ROP primitive.
I did not pop a shell. The proof creates a disposable file named rop-sentinel through the normal CLI, then returns into mtget‘s fixed unlink@plt and deletes only that file. The next return address is deliberately invalid 0x42424242, making the completed call visible in the crash record.
The post-crash snapshot shows that the function call really executed:
RouterOS’s file count for rop-sentinel changed from 1 to 0. This is confirmed controlled code execution in mtget, not just a crash or a claimed “probably exploitable” overwrite.
The original RSA-to-mtget chain remains valid for its stated preconditions:
The newly closed incident-shaped path is:
The second chain reproduces the field audit fingerprint exactly, but the bracketed first step is not solved by the clean stock lab. Calling the whole campaign unauthenticated would outrun the evidence. Calling the patched username path mere log hardening would now be equally wrong.
The validator now has two separately demonstrated effects. On SSH PTYs it closes a trusted policy/argv injection which produces full RouterOS administrative command execution after authentication as -2. On MAC-Telnet it closes the hidden-API/argv selectors below, whose inner authentication and policy checks still hold. mtget remains the independently patched native-process ROP primitive.
I went back and ground through the MAC-Telnet path separately because mactel is one of the new callers of validLoginParamInput. The result is interesting, but it does not close another credential-free RCE chain.
In 7.23.3 the final length-delimited CP_USERNAME is passed unchanged as the last argument to /nova/bin/login. A leading dash is therefore parsed as a login option. Usernames such as -z, -c and -d, even with a wrong EC-SRP password, divert the expected failure path into a fresh Login: prompt. This is real pre-auth argv injection, but options needing another argv value cannot be completed: the username is the final argument, and CP_TERM_TYPE becomes TERM, not another argument.
The more useful selector is the exact seven-byte username 06 2f 6c 6f 67 69 6e, or b""\x06/login"". The leading byte is a RouterOS API word length. On 7.23.3 this selects the API-style login handler and returns !done =ret=<challenge> over MAC-Telnet. The identical packet is terminated by 7.23.4.
That last response is the boundary. Supplying the correct password to the inner /login request produced !done, after which /system/identity/print returned =name=CHR. A disposable user with the correct password but a group containing local,read,test,ssh and deliberately omitting api was rejected with std failure: not allowed (9). Changing the final username after a valid initial EC-SRP exchange also failed, and an all-zero/low-order client public key did not make the confirmation password-independent.
So the impact is a same-broadcast-domain hidden API transport that bypasses whether the IP API service is enabled, firewalled or address-restricted. It does not bypass the RouterOS password database or the account’s api policy. With valid credentials it can carry API commands and could reach the mtget stage if policy permits; without them, I did not obtain a console, API session or command execution. Calling this MAC-Telnet RCE would be wrong.
The 7.23.4 validator matches that result exactly. It rejects empty input, a leading dash or space, a trailing space, control bytes 00..1f, and 7f before opening the PTY. That blocks both the argv forms and x06/login.
The lesson, as always, is that silence is not secrecy. If you patch in public, you disclose in public, whether you write the advisory or not. Somebody is going to read the diff. Better it is you, on your own gear, before someone else does it on yours.
Stay patched, and go check your edge boxes. 🐟
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
 

"
84,2026-09-05,"An MCP toolbox lets a market-intelligence team connect an AI agent to the right research sources without building a custom connector for each one. The best setup combines discovery, page extraction, cited synthesis, workflow control, and a governed consumer-data source, because no single MCP server can deliver all five jobs well. 23% of organizations were scaling an agentic AI system in at least one function in McKinsey’s 2025 survey, yet most deployments remain limited to one or two functions. That gap makes dependable tool connections and data checks matter.
The Model Context Protocol has quietly become the plumbing of AI-driven research. Instead of wiring up a fragile custom integration for every data source, teams can connect an AI agent to standardized MCP servers, each exposing a focused capability that the agent can call in natural language. For market and consumer intelligence work, an analyst can move from live web search to page extraction, then use cited background research before checking verified consumer data in one workflow.
These tools do not compete head-to-head. A serious intelligence workflow needs several because each answers a different question. One tool may fetch raw pages from protected sites, while another finds related material or coordinates the handoff after a rate limit fails. Revuze fills a separate role: it supplies consumer feedback that has been cleaned, deduplicated, and structured into intelligence rather than raw chatter an agent must interpret alone.
MCP tools should own a clear job and pass usable output to the next step. We weighed each tool by the factors that determine whether an agent-driven intelligence workflow produces evidence your team can check:
Most MCP tools fetch or search the open web, then hand an agent unstructured material that still needs interpretation. Revuze addresses the other end of the workflow. Its MCP server exposes a validated consumer-signal layer, cleaned, deduplicated, and mapped into a unified taxonomy of markets, categories, products, and SKUs, so an agent can call verified intelligence rather than trying to sort messy feedback itself.
The gap it fills is specific. General-purpose large language models trained on unfiltered web data cannot reliably answer category-specific, SKU-level questions, and raw scraping can feed agents more unverified text. Revuze describes itself as the signal layer under the AI stack. In an MCP workflow, it collects consumer signals from reviews and social channels, then adds data from product-detail pages, search, surveys, returns, and customer-care records before cleaning and structuring the material.
It is also built for how teams deploy agentic AI. Beyond the open MCP integration layer, Revuze offers ready-made autonomous agents that monitor launches, detect product issues, and track competitors, plus Vee, a conversational assistant for natural-language questions powered by verified consumer data. The resulting data can support competitive intelligence work because teams can trace an AI recommendation back to structured category data instead of accepting an opaque summary.
Bright Data is the heavy-duty web-data MCP server for cases where information must be extracted from difficult or protected sites. Its server exposes search, scraping, and structured SERP retrieval. Tool groups can also limit the MCP tool context an agent receives, which matters when a research run needs only a narrow set of actions.
Firecrawl turns a known URL into clean, LLM-ready markdown through scrape, crawl, map, and extract operations. It fits competitor research well. Your team can ingest a product page, a changelog, or a pricing page without asking an agent to work through page furniture, cookie notices, and navigation text first.
Exa is a search engine built for AI systems. Its neural retrieval can find pages related to a query, URL, or topic even when the keywords do not match. That makes Exa useful for discovery, such as finding a competitor announcement, an analyst analysis, or a similar product category page that ordinary keyword search missed.
Perplexity’s Sonar MCP server gives an agent live web search and a synthesized answer with citations in one call. The server runs the search-and-summarize flow itself. It is useful for a broad background question, such as the recent state of a category, but it should not replace source checks for a SKU-level decision.
Tavily is a search MCP tuned for AI agents. It returns deduplicated results with snippets sized for an LLM context window, giving research workflows a cleaner starting point than a long list of near-identical links. It also supports page extraction and site mapping when a result deserves a deeper check.
Brave Search offers an official MCP server backed by an independent web index, so teams can get ranked links without depending on another search engine. Brave says its index covers more than 30 billion pages and receives over 100 million page updates each day, according to its Search API documentation. That breadth helps when market research depends on fresh news or smaller publisher sites.
n8n provides native MCP support as both client and server. It is the orchestration layer that coordinates a multi-step workflow across several tools, adding conditional logic and error handling that a simple API chain lacks. That matters when a crawl returns no page, a search call hits a rate limit, or an approval step must stop an agent before it publishes a finding.
n8n also gives teams a practical place to connect MCP tool use with existing business systems. If your organization is assessing MCP-enabled revenue workflows, this guide to GTM intelligence tools with MCP integration offers a related view of the stack.
An MCP intelligence stack is a workflow decision, not a single-tool purchase. Discovery finds what exists. Extraction pulls specific pages, while synthesis frames the background. Orchestration coordinates the steps, and a verified data layer supplies the ground truth. Forcing one tool to do every job produces shallow results that are harder to audit.
But the open web is only half the picture. For consumer intelligence, it is often the less dependable half. Reviews, social posts, and product pages can be noisy, duplicated, or inconsistent, and raw input can push an agent toward a confident but wrong answer. A verified consumer-data layer cleans and deduplicates those signals, then maps them to a consistent taxonomy of categories, brands, and SKUs.
That final layer changes the quality of the answer. The strongest MCP toolbox gives your team both speed and evidence: web tools find what is new, while governed consumer data explains what buyers are actually reporting at the product level.
The Model Context Protocol (MCP) is an open standard created by Anthropic that defines how AI agents connect to external tools and data through one interface instead of a custom integration for every source. Anthropic introduced MCP as a standard for secure, two-way connections between AI tools and data sources. For market intelligence, MCP lets an agent bring search, page extraction, synthesis, and verified data into one workflow without brittle, one-off data pipes.
Usually, you need several because the tools do different jobs. Search tools discover content, and extraction tools pull specific pages. Synthesis tools summarize cited sources, while orchestration tools control the steps. A verified data layer supplies dependable ground truth, so mature workflows often combine four or five servers that hand off cleanly.
A web-scraping MCP retrieves raw pages from the open web, which an agent must interpret, deduplicate, and validate. A verified-data MCP exposes information that has already been cleaned, deduplicated, and structured before the agent sees it. Raw data is not automatically AI-ready data, and unstructured input is a common source of confident but wrong answers.
General-purpose models are trained on broad, unfiltered web data, so they lack a validated, category-specific view of products and SKUs. They can sound authoritative while being wrong about a product issue or a competitor’s position. Reliable answers need a governed consumer-data layer that maps signals to a consistent taxonomy the model can draw from.
AI-ready consumer data is collected from several channels, then deduplicated, validated, and mapped into one shared taxonomy before an agent uses it. The taxonomy should identify categories, brands, products, and claims consistently. That structure lets an agent work from traceable intelligence and lets a human check the recommendation rather than trusting an opaque summary of messy feedback.
MCP tools connect to an MCP-compatible client, such as an internal copilot, a custom LLM application, or an assistant like Claude, through a standard interface. A team can then add live search, extraction, or a verified consumer layer without rebuilding an integration for each capability. The same governed data can support every approved agent and application across the organization.
Sign in to your account
 Remember me


"
85,2026-09-05,"OnePlus is giving up on the U.S. and U.K., completely pulling its products out of these regions. Even the two phones still listed on its website are out of stock, with no new models coming either. It's the end of the road for OnePlus hardware in the West, but thankfully, this doesn't mean the end of software support for the models still in customers' hands. This is particularly important since owners say OnePlus phones usually last quite a long time.
There are currently five OnePlus smartphones that will receive software support through 2029 and beyond, ranging from 2024's OnePlus 12, which will see support end in early 2029, to 2025's OnePlus 15R, which will see its software supported well into 2031. Basically, five to six years of support is expected, so don't needlessly trade in your OnePlus phone just yet.
Keep in mind that software support differs from hardware support, and parts can become more limited as stock dwindles. OnePlus has historically supported hardware for about as long as software, and the company said it would honor warranties and that current owners would ""continue to have access to repair and after-sales services"" when it announced its withdrawal from North America. However, in markets the company had exited previously, OnePlus owners reported problems with warranty coverage nonetheless.
So it's likely that software will be supported a little longer than hardware with these last few U.S. OnePlus phones. But there's another important distinction to remember with software: Support is split between a shorter four-year period for OS updates and a longer five- to six-year period for security updates. Basically, OnePlus has done its customers a solid despite its Western market exit, and plans to offer software support into 2029 and beyond for the handsets we've detailed below.
The oldest phone in the OnePlus lineup that will see its software supported into 2029 is the OnePlus 12. This device launched in 2024, with OnePlus promising a full four years of OS updates and five years of security updates. The OnePlus 12 is expected to receive OS updates up to Android 18, with its Android 17 update currently in testing and expected to officially launch in December 2026. This will leave one more OS upgrade for the following year, and then it'll receive security updates through the beginning of 2029, ending its full software support in January of that year.
While five years of security updates is shorter than Google's seven, you're still getting more support than the 12R — and really, the 12 series marked the last generation OnePlus offered five years of security updates, with every model afterward seeing a full six, which gets much closer to Google's lofty seven. Still, thanks to the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 packed inside, performance should keep going strong well into 2029, so the device won't feel outdated anytime soon. That's especially true since the OnePlus 12 packs 12 GB or 16 GB of LPDDR5X RAM, ensuring that multitasking remains as smooth as possible during a time when smartphones are limiting their RAM.
In other words, the OnePlus 12 will not only last for years to come thanks to the company's lengthy support, but also deliver strong performance with its powerful hardware, ensuring its updates are worth installing to keep the phone as secure as possible for as long as possible. Plus, the bootloader is easily unlocked, so you can extend the phone's life by installing a custom ROM once official support ends in 2029.
With the launch of the OnePlus 13 in early 2025, the company bumped up its software support, adding another year of security updates for a total of six — much closer to competitors like Google and Samsung. This is good news for OP owners, as they can expect security updates into 2031 (unified with the 13R, more on that below), ensuring this phone remains secure for five more years to come. This is another flagship killer, much like the 12, sporting a Snapdragon 8 Elite, which itself is capable of support for up to eight years.
While OnePlus didn't go whole hog, capping software support at six years, the confidence that Qualcomm shows with its Elite chip is encouraging, especially if you wish to install a custom ROM when OnePlus support finally ends, as this powerhouse should be able to handle the most demanding apps well into the future. Much like the 12, the 13 offers an easily unlocked bootloader, which means that flashing a custom ROM like LineageOS to extend software support beyond what OnePlus is offering will be a straightforward process.
Essentially, the OnePlus 13 is positioned to last users into the 2030s thanks to longer support from OnePlus, powerful hardware that won't experience serious degradation for many years to come, and a manageable bootloader. So if you enjoy taking matters into your own hands, the OnePlus 13 can easily outlast much of the competition, which has been one of the primary selling points of OnePlus phones since their inception and is paying dividends now that the company is leaving the market.
OnePlus corrected its biggest mistake with the 12R when it released the 13R in 2025, extending its software support to match the lengthened support for the 13. This means owners will get four years of OS upgrades and six years of security updates. The 13R packs a performant and respectable Snapdragon 8 Gen 3, same as the 12, which means 13R users can expect plenty of performance to cover their needs for the next five years until support ends. And since this phone, like every other OP model, offers an unlockable bootloader, non-official support can be extended with your choice of third-party ROM.
Another high point of the OnePlus 13R is its 6,000 mAh silicon-carbon battery, which is larger than other phones of its size and should help with longevity a bit. The 2,780-by-1,264 display (1.5K resolution) also leans into lengthy battery life, avoiding the power drain of a way more dense 2K display like in the OnePlus 13. The fact that the 13R's screen is also flat means it works great with screen protectors, unlike the more fiddly quad-curved display of the OnePlus 13.
Simply put, the hardware choices made for the OnePlus 13R allow it to shine as a longevity powerhouse. It's a perfect storm where performance meets efficiency, which is typical of the R line, taking the tech of the previous year and balancing it for affordability and longevity. The 13R is easily one of the best OnePlus phones you can still buy on Amazon — the phone will last you the next five years with official software support, and if you wish to eke out even more life with a custom ROM, you absolutely can thanks to a hardware design that was built to last.
As one of the most recent releases from the company in the States, the OnePlus 15 absolutely packs a wallop with its Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5, which is still the latest and top-end mobile chip from Qualcomm (not to be confused with the regular Snapdragon 8 Gen 5 used in the 15R). So even though the OnePlus 15 is almost a year old at this point, it's still considered one of the most powerful Android handsets. While there are 12 GB and 16 GB RAM models, the good news is that OP switched to LPDDR5X Ultra and LPDDR5X Ultra+, respectively, offering a higher silicon speed than previous models.
The phone also packs a giant 7,300 mAh silicon-carbon battery that offers over 24 hours of screen-on time and is expected to last up to six years before degrading to 70% of its initial capacity. The OnePlus 15 is also easier to log into, thanks to its 3D ultrasonic fingerprint sensor, fixing a major pain point of previous models. The 50-megapixel Hasselblad camera array is also no slouch, for those interested in photography on the go.
Since the phone isn't that old, there's plenty of software support left, with a total of four years of OS upgrades. You can expect the Android 16 system to see updates all the way to Android 20. Security updates will last you even longer at six years, meaning the phone will be secure until the tail end of 2031. Even then, you'll be free to jump to a community-made ROM and extend support thanks to the unlockable bootloader. Essentially, the OnePlus 15 is the most performant phone the company ever released in the U.S., and it still has years of software support to come.
Last but not least, there's the OnePlus 15R, which launched a month after the OnePlus 15. The 15R benefits from OnePlus' newer update policy guaranteeing four years of OS upgrades and six years of security patches. While some may wonder if there is any point in buying a OnePlus phone now, the 15R makes a good argument for itself with software that will be supported through the end of 2031. The phone shipped with Android 16 and is expected to receive OS updates up to Android 20. You get a Snapdragon 8 Gen 5, with this being the only phone sold in the U.S. to use the chip, which is basically a light version of the Elite. There's even a 7,400 mAh silicon-carbon battery (larger than the 15's) to power the 2,800-by-1,272 165 Hz OLED screen, which is flat and screen-protector friendly.
OnePlus also upgraded to higher protection with IP66, IP68, and IP69K ratings. This means the phone is virtually immune to water accidents. While the 50-megapixel camera is only a dual setup, it's a cost-cutting measure, much like the switch to an LTPS panel from an LTPO display, meaning the phone is designed more as a workhorse.
Now, a big reason the battery has to be so large is because that LTPS display lacks the ability to scale down to 1 Hz, meaning the phone has to brute-force its battery life by packing a larger cell to handle its fixed refresh rate. By balancing that power consumption with an over-engineered battery, a resilient chassis, and an unlockable bootloader, the 15R ensures that budget-conscious owners get maximum product survival. The OnePlus 15R stands as a fitting, no-nonsense final option for anyone looking to ride out a reliable handset all the way until 2031 or beyond."
86,2026-09-05,"Dell delivered a standout Q2, driven by surging AI server orders and a record AI-driven revenue backlog. Click to read more on DELL's upgrade to Buy."
87,2026-09-05,American Water Works ended Q2 with $1.4 billion in available liquidity and a debt-to-capital ratio still under its long-term target. Click to know about AWK.
88,2026-09-05,"On August 4, Dianthus Therapeutics (NASDAQ:DNTH) reported second-quarter 2026 results alongside a stack of pipeline updates that touched nearly every program..."
89,2026-09-05,"Progyny, Inc. offers fertility benefits management, growing eligible members to 7.2 million and posting steady revenue and EPS growth. Click for more on PGNY."
90,2026-09-05,"On August 25, EPAM Systems (NYSE:EPAM) announced a partnership with Wiz, the cloud and AI security platform now owned by Google Cloud, joining the Wiz Partne..."
91,2026-09-05,GameStop canceled $1.4 billion of its convertible notes.
92,2026-09-05,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
Sep 5, 2026 — 6:00 AM ET
News that the original Chromecast has just received an unexpected update is music to my ears. I’m a big fan of the simplicity of those early HDMI dongles, far more than I am of the overly verbose and often laggy Google TV. I suppose I’m still just attached to my earliest smart TV experience, flinging content at my TV from my phone rather than running the gauntlet of advertisements just to find my favorite show.
If it ain’t broken, don’t fix it, as they say, and my Chromecast (3rd gen) still sees occasional use. In fact, I’ve been using it a lot more in the past couple of years to placate two impatient youngsters.
It’s currently plugged into the back of my Android TV, which has built-in Chromecast capabilities of its own. That might seem incredibly redundant at first glance. The problem is, this affordable TCL TV isn’t the fastest set on the market, and its casting capabilities leave a lot to be desired. Sending video from my laptop or tablet browser results in audio sink issues and poor image quality, which soon makes the stream unwatchable.
Likewise, casting across from an Android app like Jellyfin or YouTube takes an age to load up the compatible TV app/service. My seemingly lower-end TV hardware has been over-encumbered by UI updates to the point where I yearn for a simpler, faster, and less bloated experience. I returned my more advanced and expensive Chromecast with Google TV for that very reason; it was just far too slow to actually get into watching anything. Unfortunately, I was unable to escape that accursed UI on my TV forever.
Thankfully, my Chromecast still gets on with the job without delay. Granted, the aging hardware occasionally suffers from heavy compression and buffering when streaming from a nearby laptop. I’ve never quite been able to figure out whether it’s a network or a casting issue, but I struggle to think it’s the former, given a solid 100 Mbps Wi-Fi connection in my living room. In any case, the phone-casting experience remains as good as ever, though some apps don’t pay as much attention to casting features as they used to. Still, where casting is supported, it’s often better than the TV app experience for booting up what you actually want to watch as quickly as possible.
There’s still something satisfyingly efficient about picking content from any number of apps on my phone and simply and quickly casting it across to my old Chromecast. No UI hangs, clunky TV remote search bars, or sluggish updates to worry about. Casting has always felt like a supremely natural extension of the smart home media experience, and for that reason alone, I doubt I’ll ever stop using it.
To borrow a phrase from Apple, it just works. In fact, it might be one of the few Google products to outlast its initial mission statement and still be more useful than its successors. So I salute you, original Chromecasts. May you have many more years of streaming left in you.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
93,2026-09-05,"Before last season, Swansea and Wrexham had not met in the league since 2002-03
Swansea City and Wrexham will meet in the league for the 33rd time this Saturday evening.
Rarely, if ever, can there have been a more eagerly anticipated encounter between two clubs who are rivals, of sorts, despite being from opposite corners of Wales.
The fixture which matters most to Swansea fans is against Cardiff City, their neighbours in the south of the country.
For Wrexham, meanwhile, local squabbles with Chester and Shrewsbury Town have traditionally been the games which have come with the greatest significance.
But Swansea against Wrexham has a derby feel too, even though the cities are more than 100 miles apart.
And this particular meeting comes with increased stakes because both clubs have eyes on the Premier League.
This video can not be played
Swansea City want 'best team in Wales' tag - Vigouroux
Wrexham ended last season as top dogs in Wales, with Phil Parkinson's side finishing seventh in the Championship and Vitor Matos' Swansea seven points worse off in 11th.
It was the first time since 2000-01 - when they came 10th in what is now League One - that Wrexham had finished a campaign as the best-placed Welsh side in the English pyramid.
After three successive promotions, Wrexham, who beat Swansea at home in March after losing the reverse fixture last December, narrowly missed out on a play-off chance in May.
But their best-in-Wales status was another sign of the extraordinary progress they have made since Hollywood stars Ryan Reynolds and Rob Mac took charge of the club in 2021.
Cardiff City's promotion from League One means that for only the third time, Wales' three heavyweight clubs are together in the second tier this season.
Given that the three teams have never competed together in the top flight - Swansea and Cardiff have met there in just one season, while Wrexham have not played at the highest level - a three-way Championship scrap is a big deal in Wales.
But to an extent the fight to be crowned the nation's leading team is a sideshow, with both Swansea and Wrexham chasing a greater prize.
Swansea beat Wrexham 2-1 at home last season before Wrexham won the return fixture 2-0
Most observers would regard Cardiff as outsiders to feature in the promotion race next spring as they look to re-establish themselves at second-tier level.
But the picture is different for Swansea and Wrexham, who both showed considerable ambition in the transfer market for the second year in a row this summer as they look to compete with the Championship's top sides.
These are very early days in the season, but the signs from Swansea have been encouraging, with a tally of 10 points from four games putting them on top of the table.
They have conceded only one league goal so far - the best record in the EFL - while Matos' team produced some of Swansea's best football in years during Tuesday's win over Watford.
The Swans are in buoyant mood, while Wrexham should make the journey south with renewed confidence following their midweek triumph at Millwall.
The Red Dragons endured a concerning start to the season, with chances going begging in their draws with Cardiff and Watford before they were deservedly beaten at home by a Birmingham City team who were under pressure to deliver a result.
But the mood at the Racecourse has lightened significantly thanks to that emphatic victory over a Millwall side who are widely tipped to compete for promotion once more this season.
Another away success this weekend would make this a huge week for Parkinson and his players.
A home win, by contrast, would add to the feeling that Matos' new-look team could end Swansea's run of five successive mid-table Championship finishes by securing a place in the newly extended play-offs.
Latest Swansea City news, analysis and fan views
Swansea on the way to reviving style - Matos 
Latest Wrexham news, analysis and fan views
Ryan Reynolds and Rob Mac were in the commentary box at the most recent Wrexham-Swansea fixture
The fact that Swansea against Wrexham has been selected for a Saturday evening live television slot says something about the interest in the game, which will be watched well beyond Wales' border.
There will be plenty looking on from the United States, for example, given the owners of the two clubs.
In the red corner are Reynolds and Mac, whose Welcome to Wrexham television series has turned what was a non-league football club into a global brand.
And in the white corner are Snoop Dogg, Luka Modric and Martha Stewart, all of whom have become co-owners at Swansea over the past 17 months.
The set-up at each club is different, with Reynolds and Mac the majority owners of Wrexham while Swansea's big names in the boardroom hold only minor stakes.
But the idea at Swansea, whose majority owners are American businessmen Brett Cravatt and Jason Cohen, is to ""do a Wrexham"" by raising their profile through the non-playing stars associated with the club.
Listen to the latest Swansea City interviews, news and discussion on BBC Sounds
Listen to the latest Wrexham interviews, news and discussion on BBC Sounds
American rapper Snoop Dogg became a Swansea co-owner in July 2025
The theory is that increased profile means increased income, which in turn allows more money to be spent on strengthening the team.
At this stage, it is difficult to judge what difference Snoop and Co have made.
But what is not in question is that for a second successive year, Swansea showed significant ambition in the transfer market.
Eight years after a golden period in their history ended with relegation from the Premier League, Swansea look like a club determined to have a serious go at getting back to the highest level.
For Wrexham, the goal is to join the elite for the first time, with their intent even more apparent based on the head-turning sums they have spent on transfers since promotion to the Championship in 2025.
We wait to discover whether either club has sufficient resources to mount a genuine push for the Premier League this season.
And while nothing will be decided in early September, there may be a few clues on offer this weekend.
Taylor crowns career in stylish Croke Park triumph
Fernandez and Ndiaye show signs of promise on Man City debuts
South Africa finish strongly to take 2-1 series lead against All Blacks
Go on an adventure with Paddington Bear, voiced by Ben Whishaw
Are microplastics changing our bodies and affecting our health?
Suranne Jones returns: A new case with even higher stakes
Meet Jim Swearingen, the creator of the Star Wars toys
Antonelli 'disrupting rules of fandom' in Ferrari's Italy
No Brits left in US Open singles - but are there reasons to be positive?
Williams sisters exit US Open but excite - what does future hold?
'My position now is as one of two 10s' - Kane breaks down his evolution
Superstar-led London City live up to hype as Man Utd suffer
The handcyclist and model grabbing every opportunity after paralysis
100 influencers invited to US Open spark debate on 'tennis etiquette' 
Sutton's predictions v Kasabian frontman Serge Pizzorno
Ranking the most game-changing transfers in Premier League history 
Breaking down Chelsea's staggering 39 summer exits
Weekly sports quiz: Which tennis star suffered a first-round US Open upset?
Have title contenders done enough in transfer window to challenge Arsenal?
Premier League breaks transfer record for second straight summer
He was dragged 60ft under a bus - now he's fighting for a UFC contract
Monza memories - Italian GP in pictures through the years
Copyright Â© 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking."
94,2026-09-05,
95,2026-09-05,"Jakub has been the editor-in-chief of BeInCrypto Poland for many years, authoring news articles, analyses, and features, as well as working as a translator. He coordinates the work of the Polish team, constantly monitoring the global and local cryptocurrency market. He has interviewed influential figures in the sector such as Benjamin Cowen, Rachel Conlan, Erald Ghoos and Adrian ‘CryptoBirb’ Zduńczyk.

His areas of interest include technical and on-chain analysis, investment strategies, and Bitcoin decentralisation and adoption. His interpersonal skills and extensive experience in people management and team leadership allow him to successfully participate in international Web3 events. He has been a speaker at conferences in Geneva, Naples, Monaco, Warsaw, and many other cities in Poland.

Jakub holds a PhD from the Catholic University of Lublin in Lublin, Poland, and a master's degree in sport science from the Academy of Physical Education in Katowice, Poland. He uses his unique combination of vitality and intellect in the service of the crypto community.


In addition, Jakub is a professor at an international university in Lublin, Poland, and the author of four books and over 20 scholarly articles. In his spare time, he coaches a team of young basketball players and participates in poker tournaments.
507 contributions
Investors are watching stocks and Bitcoin for the next major peak. Popular macro analyst Jason Pizzino thinks the first warning has already arrived from US housing.
His thesis uses an 18-year property cycle drawn from roughly 220 years of US sales data. The current cycle began around 2011–2012 and places the housing peak in 2025–26, with a possible trough around 2029–30.
“Once everyone’s in, you’re at the peak,” Pizzino said.
The latest data does not prove the cycle. But it does make the call harder to dismiss. US home prices rose 1.5% year-on-year in June, while falling in real terms for a 13th straight month. 
July new-home sales dropped 10.5%. The median price fell to $393,800, its lowest in five years. Builder confidence sits at 35, far below the neutral 50 line.
Pizzino’s key signal is D.R. Horton. The homebuilder peaked before the broader market during the last housing cycle. Its late-2024 peak, using the same pattern, points to a possible stock-market top around late 2026 or early 2027.
D.R. Horton closed Friday at $142.75. Pizzino says a break below roughly $130 would strengthen his case.
Stocks remain near records. The S&P 500 closed at 7,718.60 on Friday, about 1% below its August 13 record. Strong August jobs data also pushed market odds of a September Fed rate hike to around 60%.
Bitcoin trades near $79,700 today, up sharply from its July low around $57,700. It has also reclaimed its 200-day moving average.
Pizzino thinks Bitcoin can rally further, though with smaller returns. His rough scenario reaches about $120,000 from the July low. He sees $180,000 as much harder if credit keeps tightening.
Another analyst, Benjamin Cowen, is more cautious about treating the cycle as a trading signal.
“I buy index funds every single month… even if I think we’re going to have a correction,” said Cowen.
That may be the most useful takeaway. The cycle gives investors a warning zone, not an expiry date. Pizzino’s own advice is simpler: have a plan before the credit disappears.
“Trade the market you have,” Cowen said, “not the market you want.”
Daily Crypto Insights
Insights, news and analysis of the crypto market straight to your inbox
Disclaimer
BeInCrypto is committed to unbiased, transparent reporting. This news article aims to provide accurate, timely information. However, readers are advised to verify facts independently and consult with a professional before making any decisions based on this content. Please note that our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimers have been updated.
BE[IN]CRYPTO x Proof of Talk
Institutional 100 Awards
2026 Winners Revealed
Explore the Night in Photos"
96,2026-09-05,"We independently research, test, review, and recommend the best products—learn more about our process. If you buy something through our links, we may earn a commission.
AI is no longer simply helping consumers make decisions. It is becoming an active participant in what they discover, trust and buy. In this episode of JUST Branding, Jacob Cass and Matt Davies speak with Asha Parmar, founder of Élan Intelligence, about the changing relationship between brands, buyers and AI.
Asha explains how AI is compressing the traditional customer journey, influencing brand discovery and creating a new kind of AI enabled consumer. The conversation explores “machine equity”, the role of reviews and third party conversations, and why brands must now communicate clearly with both people and machines. They also tackle a bigger question: if consumers increasingly outsource their research, decisions and even personal reflection to AI, how will that affect identity, values and brand loyalty?

            sponsored message
You’ll learn: 
How to research AI behaviour within your category The next buyer choosing your brand might not be human. Is your brand ready?
Love the show? Please review us on Apple.
 

 


Brand Master Secrets helps you become a brand strategist and earn specialist fees. And in my opinion, this is the most comprehensive brand strategy course on the market.
The course gave me all the techniques and processes and more importantly… all the systems and tools I needed to build brand strategies for my clients.

            sponsored message
This is the consolidated “fast-track” version to becoming a brand strategist.
I wholeheartedly endorse this course for any designer who wants to become a brand strategist and earn specialist fees.
Check out the 15-minute video about the course, which lays out exactly what you get in the Brand Master Secrets.
 
 
 
Jacob Cass is a brand designer & strategist, educator, podcaster, business coach and the founder of JUST Creative, an award-winning branding & design consultancy that doubles as an industry-leading blog. Get in touch.
Comment
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
 


sponsored message
sponsored message
sponsored message
sponsored message
JACOB CASS Brand Designer & Strategist
Stand The Flock Out!™"
97,2026-09-05,VYM's composition seems to adapt well to the economic context on which the US economy continues to insist. Click for more on the VYM fund.
98,2026-09-05,"Apple’s MacBook Pro laptops are among some of the most capable on the market right now, but a laptop that good isn’t going to be cheap. That’s why any savings you can find are well worth taking advantage of, and this 16-inch MacBook Pro is now a massive $500 off.
This configuration would normally sell for almost $5,000, but you can get yours today for just $4,499 instead. You don’t need to do anything like enter a code or clip a coupon, but definitely consider placing your order soon. We don’t know how long this deal is going to last.

This 16-inch MacBook Pro comes with Apple’s M5 Max chip inside. That means you’ll get an 18-core CPU and a 40-core GPU, while this model also comes with a massive 48GB of unified memory and a 2TB SSD for storing all of your apps and files.

Like all of Apple’s latest laptops, this model comes with super-fast Wi-Fi 7 connectivity, and this deal is even available on both Silver and Space Black colors. Just make sure to pick your preferred color before you place your order. Remember that this deal could come to a close at any moment, too, so ordering now is definitely recommended.
Buy: Apple M5 Max 16-Inch MacBook Pro (48GB, 2TB): $4,499  | Original price: $4,999
You may also like to check out:
You can follow us on X, or Instagram, subscribe to our YouTube channel and even like our Facebook page to keep yourself updated on all the latest from Microsoft, Google, Apple, and the Web."
