,date,content
0,2026-04-03,"
                                              Every time Ben publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                                          
Enter your email


                                              By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
                                              Terms of Service and
                                              Privacy Policy.
                                            
A relatively obscure lawsuit over a disputed stake in SpaceX shares could help determine how billions of dollars in private-market gains are divvied up as the world's most valuable startup moves closer to going public.
The dispute dates back to 2020, when Trellis Software agreed to provide software to ClearList Holdings in exchange for a stake in the company, which was then building a platform to trade private-company shares. As ClearList pivoted toward investing in SpaceX, those holdings surged in value, turning the partnership into a high-stakes fight over ownership, according to filings.
Trellis alleges ClearList is now trying to push it out to capture the upside. ""They're trying to get rid of our interest entirely to preserve the entire upside for themselves,"" Josh Schiller, a lawyer for Trellis Software, said in an interview with Business Insider. ClearList, in court filings, disputes that claim, arguing Trellis failed to deliver on its software and obtained its stake through misrepresentations.
Schiller says assets linked to the dispute nearly doubled in a year, rising from about $434 million to $843 million, driven by SpaceX's soaring value.
The dispute comes at a time when companies like SpaceX and OpenAI rack up massive paper gains ahead of an IPO. SpaceX confidentially filed to go public on Wednesday, according to multiple reports, setting the stage for what could become one of the largest IPOs in history, with a potential valuation of $1.75 trillion.
Complex ownership structures, built through secondary share deals, side agreements, and investment vehicles, are now being stress-tested as valuations soar. Those investment structures, in which shares are not sold directly from the company but rather via secondary markets, can involve multiple layers of ownership and contractual rights. At stake is not just who owns what, but how enforceable those rights really are when billions of dollars are on the line.
The outcome could set a precedent for how minority investors are treated across the booming secondary market, where early backers are increasingly fighting to secure their share of the upside before companies finally go public.
""Imagine they own a piece of property and then all of a sudden they find oil on the land,"" said James Rubinowitz, a lecturer at Cardozo Law School, who reviewed the case for Business Insider. ""The industry will likely look at this because if ClearList is somehow able to squeeze out the minority holder, the entire industry will move to do the same.""
""The amount of money that stands to be made is so gigantic that there will be tons of litigation coming,"" said Rubinowitz.
In court filings, ClearList and its parent company, GTS, argue that Trellis never delivered the software it promised and obtained its ownership stake through misrepresentations. They accuse Trellis of ""blatant fraud"" and describe its software as a ""sham,"" alleging it failed to perform as promised and had to be replaced.
The company declined further comment beyond its filings. SpaceX did not respond to a request for comment.
ClearList has initiated arbitration seeking to nullify Trellis' stake, while Trellis has gone to Delaware court to block that effort.
ClearList is asking the court to dismiss or stay the case and compel arbitration, arguing that the parties agreed to resolve disputes through arbitration.
Timing could be critical. If SpaceX IPOs before the case is resolved, both sides could face pressure to settle.
""SpaceX might go public in the next 3 months,"" said Rubinowitz. ""Litigation will not wrap up at that time, so they're likely going to have to enter into settlement negotiations.
Rubinowitz said he is skeptical that ClearList will ultimately prevail, arguing that the company's legal strategy appears more opportunistic than strong on the merits. Based on the facts described in the complaint, he said it is difficult to see a clear path to winning outright and suggested the goal may be to pressure Trellis into accepting a reduced payout. Even a partial victory could be significant given the potential upside.
Still, he said, other companies might want to consider whether the monetary gain is worth the risk of sending a signal that you are eager to push out shareholders when investments soar.
""You're really shooting yourself in the foot in terms of reputation by pulling a move like this,"" he said.
Jump to"
1,2026-04-03,
2,2026-04-03,"Or try my new AI-powered search bot


								Type your email…							
 








 
Subscribe 

Have you thought about subscribing? It's free.
seths.blog/subscribe

TINA!
This is what Margaret Thatcher said about her draconian free market policies.
It’s an easy thing to tell ourselves about compliance to any dominant system. But it’s incomplete.
The complete sentence is, “There is no alternative unless we’re prepared to endure short-term discomfort as we push back against the dominant system.”
So the real question isn’t, “what’s the alternative?”
The question is: “Can we create the conditions to cause this system to change enough for us to do the long-term work we’re proud of?”
Systems don’t like to be disrupted. Persistent systems push us to believe TINA.

April 3, 2026
"
3,2026-04-03,
4,2026-04-03,"Amazon
Dbrand
Amazon (S26)
Amazon
A Samsung Galaxy S26 case is probably the first thing you're going to be shopping for once you decide on your new device. Whether you went with the S26, the S26 Plus, or the S26 Ultra, I've been testing out cases and screen protectors that'll help minimize the damage when you inevitably drop it.
You'll find my favorites (so far) below, ranging from rugged and durable cases to razor-thin minimalist options. Be sure to check out our related guides, including the Best Samsung Phones, the Best Folding Phones, and the Best Phones With a Headphone Jack.
How to Enable Qi2 Charging on Your Samsung Galaxy S26
Frustratingly, there's no native Qi2 support on the Samsung Galaxy S26 lineup, meaning a magnetic phone case is the only way you can take advantage of Qi2 charging speeds and other benefits. We recommend several magnetic cases in this guide.
A Note on Magnetic Accessories
It's important to note that due to Samsung's camera bump design, some MagSafe or otherwise magnetic accessories do not play well with the S26 lineup. I didn't have trouble with a PopSockets grip, but I did have trouble with most magnetic wallets I tried to use. Power banks are also hit or miss. Anything square or rectangular might give you some issues due to the camera bump design. This is a frustrating carryover from the Samsung S25 line.
How We Test Cases
WIRED historically has not performed drop tests because we don't have infinite test units. Drop tests are notoriously difficult to control outside of a lab environment, and “dummy” phones aren't usually an accurate exact representation of the phone we'd be aiming to test. However, I am working on standardizing a similar protocol. Remember that, while a case or screen protector can offer some protection, they aren't necessarily a guarantee against shattering a screen.
For now, I'm testing phone cases by assessing fit, comfort, overall look and feel, and checking out how precise and responsive any buttons or additional features are. Next up, I'll be testing additional cases from Zagg, Spigen, Casely, Otterbox, Mous, ESR, and other brands. I'll also be hunting down some magnetic accessories that work with the camera bump design of the S26 lineup.
Spigen
Amazon
This clear case from Spigen is affordable and looks dope. There are 10 different styles to choose from, but I like this classic semi-clear teardown look the best. The case is more thin than it is protective, but the printed-on graphics give you a little bit of texture to prevent your phone from feeling as slippery as it would without a case at all. My only minor complaint is that the volume buttons can feel a bit difficult to press—not at all impossible, but just not quite as readily responsive as the other cases I tried. It's still an option worth considering, especially if you want a minimal case with a neat design.
dbrand
Dbrand
We've been a fan of Dbrand's Ghost Case 2.0 since its revamp, and I like it for the S26 Ultra as well. The edges feel sturdy and grippy, no matter how my smaller hands are holding this bigger phone, but they aren't too obtrusive or bulky. The clear parts of the case are truly transparent without being magnets for dust or fingerprints. There's also an anti-yellowing guarantee; if your Ghost case turns yellow, Dbrand will replace it for free. The S Pen is easily accessible, and the buttons are easy to find with a satisfying clicky response.
This case is available with or without MagSafe. I recommend choosing the option with, because why wouldn't you give yourself the choice?
Pitaka
Amazon (S26)
Amazon (S26 Plus)
Amazon (S26 Ultra)
This aramid fiber case is best for those that want to prioritize thinness. It'll offer a little protection, but I wouldn't call it sturdy or particularly substantive. You'll be more protected from scuffs and scratches than you will from any heavy-duty damage. The woven shell has a bit of texture that makes it easier to grip, and it's got a ring of magnets for MagSafe accessories and Qi2 charging. Keep in mind that the buttons on your phone won't be protected at all. These cases also have Aaron buttons, named after Aaron Swartz. The customizable NFC buttons can be used in a myriad of ways, from opening specific apps to turning on a flashlight or starting a playlist. The shell-like case is prone to cracking if you remove it too quickly—go slowly!
Zagg
Amazon
I am usually a fan of minimalist cases that serve form over function. This rugged case isn't so overtly tactical that your sleek new flagship phone will start to feel more like a piece of military technology than a pocket-sized sidekick. It's a two-piece case—seat your phone in the lower half and snap on the frame to keep it secure. It's still thin and lightweight, with rigid plastic bumpers on the corners and a raised lip around the camera array. It has magnets built in for MagSafe accessories and Qi2 charging, and I also like the built-in kickstand that remains unobtrusive until you decide to use it. The buttons could be easier to press, but I've noticed this is the kind of trade-off you can expect if you want a case that's more protective than it is pretty.
Casetify
Casetify
Casetify has been caught stealing designs from other companies before. Do with that information what you will. There are dozens of designs to choose from for each of the S26 phones, ranging from simple designs to Instagram-worthy prints. There are options for built-in kickstands, too, and the majority of the cases are MagSafe and Qi2 compatible. My favorite is the mirror case, which looks unique and has one well for the camera array rather than cutouts that sit flush with each lens and sensor. There are also dozens of custom case options if you want to mix and match features or add in your own photos or text. These aren't the grippiest cases I've tried, but the button cutouts are precise, and I like that the cases feel substantial without adding too much bulk or weight.
dbrand
Dbrand
Dbrand's Prism 2.0 screen protectors are “idiot-proof.” It's the easiest installation experience I've ever had with a screen protector. You'll get two tempered glass protectors, plus a cleaning kit that includes alcohol wipes and a microfiber cloth. Unfortunately there are no dust removal stickers, which are commonly included in screen protector kits from other brands. You do get a squeegee though. Pop the applicator case on the top, pull the sticker, and your screen protector will be perfectly installed (and you can use the squeegee to get rid of any air bubbles that you may encounter).
When you add a new screen protector, you'll probably need to add your fingerprints again. Do this by navigating to Settings > Security and privacy > Screen lock and biometrics > Fingerprints > Add fingerprint. You may want to increase your display's touch sensitivity by going to Settings > Display > Touch sensitivity.
Spigen Tough Armor and Nano Pop MagFit Cases: These affordable cases both look and perform well for the price. The Nano Pop case was just a little too slippery for me, and the Tough Armor case kickstand was flimsier than I'd have liked. But if none of our other recommendations tickle your fancy, these options aren't the worst.
Dbrand Tank Case for $60: This case looks very tactical. If that's the look you're after, it's worth considering. For me, I found the back textures to be a little overstimulating and unpleasant. I wasn't ever able to forget about my phone case. The buttons are swappable, and there are camera covers to help ensure a cohesive aesthetic. The case is durable and sturdy, and it makes it easy to get a good grip on the phone. It just comes down to the kind of design you prefer.
Poetic Spartan, Revolution, and Guardian Cases: I thought all three of these cases were just fine. I liked the Revolution's built-in camera privacy cover, which also helped to protect the large camera array from bumps and bruises. But I wasn't a fan of the rest of the design—while the built-in kickstand is a neat feature, the entirety of the case was too bulky for my preferences. The Guardian was the thinnest, and I liked it for the most part although the black grippy edges were a little bulkier than I wanted them to be. I didn't like the Spartan case's built-in metal ring, tactical design, or rigid bumper corners. Overall, the Poetic cases I tried had appealing prices but their designs weren't my favorite. All three of these cases come with screen protectors, which work just fine (though you'll have to install them the old-fashioned way).
Spigen AluminaCore Screen Protectors (2-pack) for $19: Installation was easy, with a foolproof frame and a peel-off sticker that leaves the protector exactly where you want it. I had some initial issues with bubbles (that I was able to remove with the included squeegee) which is why these aren't my top pick. I do like that you get two in case of issues with installation, or as a replacement when you inevitably crack the first one.
Samsung Slim Magnet Case for $70: If this case cost $20, then sure. But it's $70 for an exceedingly thin plastic shell with a ring of magnets built in. The build feels flimsy, and the case feels slippery too. It's almost easier to grip the phone with no protection rather than to hold it with this case on it. There are simply too many other options on the market for this one to be worthy of a recommendation.
Power up with unlimited access to WIRED. Get best-in-class reporting and exclusive subscriber content that's too important to ignore. Subscribe Today.
Samsung Gs25+ Free With T-mobile for Business Supermobile
Squarespace Promo Code: 20% Off Annual Acuity Subscriptions
LG Promo Code: 20% Off Your First Order
10% Off Dell Coupon Code for New Customers
30% Samsung Coupon - Offer Program 2026
10% Off Canon Promo Code + Up to 30% Off
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2026 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
5,2026-04-03,"Today marks the 16th anniversary of when Apple released the first-generation iPad. After Steve Jobs announced the ‌iPad‌ on January 27, 2010, it launched a few months later on April 3, 2010.
Apple's original ‌iPad‌ looked like a larger version of the iPhone, featuring thick bezels, a 9.7-inch multitouch display with a 1,024 x 768 resolution, a Home Button, and a 30-pin dock connector. The ‌iPad‌ was the first device that Apple released with a custom-designed chip, the Apple A4.
The concept of a tablet device like the ‌iPad‌ actually predated the iPhone, and Apple had a prototype project in the works in 2004. Then-Apple CEO Steve Jobs wanted to prioritize the iPhone, so the ‌iPad‌ was put on hold until after the iPhone was established.
Apple priced the ‌iPad‌ at $499, and Jobs called it a ""magical and revolutionary device at an unbelievable price."" Like the iPhone, the ‌iPad‌ dominated the tablet space, and it still continues to do so today. Apple sold a million iPads in the first month, and while competitors like Microsoft and Samsung quickly came out with competing tablets of their own, the ‌iPad‌ has no match.
Apple has led the global tablet market for over a decade and no competitor comes close to matching its tablet market share. As of the fourth quarter of 2025, Apple's market share was 44.9 percent, with Samsung the next closest at 14.7 percent.
Apple has expanded its ‌iPad‌ lineup over the years, and we now have multiple sizes at multiple price points. The 11-inch ‌iPad‌ is available for those who want a low-cost option, while the 11-inch and 13-inch iPad Air are mid-range products with a Mac chip. The 8.3-inch iPad mini is available for those who want a smaller-sized tablet, and for those who want top-of-the-line performance with Apple's latest Mac chip, the 11-inch and 13-inch iPad Pro models are available.
Get weekly top MacRumors stories in your inbox.
Our comprehensive guide highlighting every major new addition in iOS 26, plus how-tos that walk you through using the new features.
Playlist Playground and concerts in Apple Music, new emoji characters, video podcasts, and more.
New features and lesser-known changes to check out if you're upgrading.
Apple's four new iPhones feature more differences between the latest models than ever before, so which one should you buy?
Updated with H2 chip for improved audio performance and new features.
Apple's updated pro-oriented desktop with M2 Max or M2 Ultra chip, tons of ports, and more.
Apple's annual developer conference where it will unveil iOS 27, macOS 27, and more.
Siri improvements, optimizations for future foldable iPhone, and more. June introduction at WWDC with fall release.
11 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
11 hours ago by Joe Rossignol
1 day ago by Tim Hardwick
1 day ago by Joe Rossignol
1 day ago by Joe Rossignol
 
MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPad, Mac, and other Apple platforms."
6,2026-04-03,"Amazon
Amazon
Amazon
Walmart
Games Are Only as good as the controller you use to play them. As anyone who's ever struggled with stick drift or connectivity issues knows, a bad controller can make the best games feel awful. Fortunately, we're living in a golden age of controller designs. Comfort is a priority even for first-party controllers, and third parties are bringing new features like magnetic sensors and fancy lighting to the party. We've tried a bunch over the years, and these are the best game controllers we've come across, official and unofficial, for the Nintendo Switch and Switch 2, PS5, Xbox Series X/S, and PC.
Almost all of our picks have PC support, but because the console makers don't always play nice with each other, you'll need to choose compatibility with one or the other based on what system you have under your TV. We also have picks that are specifically compatible with Android and Nintendo Switch, as well as a few oddities like racing wheels and mobile-specific controllers.
Check out our other gaming guides, including Best Gaming Headsets, Best Keyboards, Best Gaming Mice, Best Mobile Game Controllers, Best Gaming Laptops, and Best Handheld Gaming Consoles.
Updated April 2026: We've added the GameSir G7 SE and G7 Pro, Raizer Raiju V3 Pro, PowerA Fusion Pro, Switch Pro Controller 2, updated additional information about choosing a controller, and removed some picks that are no longer available.
Connectivity and Platform Limitations
While most modern controllers operate wirelessly, there are some caveats to ditching the cables. The most common connection type found on devices is Bluetooth, but that can cause latency issues, so systems like Xbox Series X|S get around this by leveraging a proprietary 2.4GHz wireless connection. Controllers wanting to use that same connection either need to get permission from Xbox and pay for licensing, or have you plug a USB dongle into your console to connect directly to the controller.
Similarly, Nintendo, Sony, and Microsoft don't usually allow companies to officially license controllers that are also licensed for other consoles, and will usually require button layouts specific to the console. While this historically meant multiple versions of the same controller with slightly different buttons and connections, now manufacturers make individual models with different shapes and feature sets that are more recognizable to that console's users.
The exception to this rule is the humble gaming computer. Most modern controllers have some way to work with Windows 10 and 11, even if it requires being plugged in via USB. I have some dedicated picks that work best with gaming PCs, but if you have a console in addition to a desktop, you should pick the controller that works with the console you have as well.
Some controllers support Android and iOS via Bluetooth as well, but we have a roundup for mobile controllers specifically that will give you more options.
Joystick Drift
In recent years you may have heard about something called “stick drift” effecting controllers. Traditional analog joysticks use a physical connection between the joystick and the potentiometer to measure its location. Over time that connection can wear down, which causes the system to think the joystick is being tilted when it's in the center. Once stick drift has started, there's no turning back without replacing the sensor, or the whole controller.
Newer controllers have begun switch to two new sensor types, Hall Effect and TMR, which use magnets instead of a physical connection, preventing stick drift in the first place. It's a feature that you're actually more likely to find on third-party controllers at this point, and while they do sometimes carry a premium, there are budget-friendly controllers with magnetic joysticks. If you're spending more and want a product that lasts, it's worth looking for these upgraded options.
PowerA
Amazon
As someone who mostly plays on PC, but also owns an Xbox Series X, this is the controller I reach for 90% of the time. It has a lightweight but sturdy feel, with satisfying buttons and adjustable triggers. Like an increasing number of controllers on our list, it sports drift-resistant Hall Effect joysticks that have a stiff snap and excellent smoothness. With an included carrying case, USB dongle, and magnetic charging cradle, this feels like a much more premium product than the cost would imply.
Most controllers either opt for totally subdued looks, or try to be as gamer-coded as possible, but PowerA found a way to appeal to both crowds. With the lights on, the Fusion Pro Wireless is covered in sinewy, bone-ridden RGB gamer bait, but when you turn them off, the patterns are completely invisible, and it just looks like a plain black controller.
Sony
Amazon
Walmart
Best Buy
Target
It might be tempting to look for a third-party controller for your PS5, but there just isn’t one that beats Sony’s own DualSense. On top of its slick design that matches the eye-catching console, its packed with some of the most innovative features of any controller on the market.
The three-dimensional rumble gives you haptic feedback in different places on the controller based on what’s going on in your game. The adaptive triggers have adjustable tension, which developers can use to make it a little tougher to pull the triggers for moments that require more effort from your characters. This is an immersion-maker at moments like when Aloy in Horizon Forbidden West pries open ancient, rusted chests, or when Spider-Man rips rocks apart with his bare hands. –Simon Hill
GameSir
Amazon
GameSir may not be a household name, but the brand has been slowly claiming more spots on this list, thanks to feature-packed and high-quality controllers at excellent price points. The G7 Pro is no different, with an attractive white and semitranslucent look, sky-high polling rate, and magnetic TMR joysticks. It feels a little heavy in hand, but makes up for it with every feature you could imagine, from adjustable trigger locks to customizable rear buttons.
The G7 Pro includes a charging dock, USB dongle, swappable D-pads, and a cable guard at the top in case you need to plug in. While the USB wireless connection for Windows work excellently, you'll have to use the wired connection for Xbox Series X|S and Xbox One, and Bluetooth for Android. That makes this a particularly good choice for desktop PC gamers who want a wireless option without sacrificing on performance.
Sony
Walmart
Amazon
Best Buy
The standard PS5 controller is already a beast, but the DualSense Edge takes it up several notches. It comes with a set of alternate control sticks of varying heights, which allow you to get more precision when accuracy is important. The L2 and R2 triggers have physical switches that adjust their actuation point so you can activate the button with less pressure.
On the rear, there's space for two additional paddles, which you can customize with any button you prefer. I find this particularly useful for playing games like Overwatch 2, where minimizing how much I have to move my fingers between buttons matters more. You can even set up custom profiles for different games. A pair of Function buttons just below the control sticks are used for shortcuts to swap profiles without digging through settings. The only thing to dislike is its price tag, but you get a lot for your money. –Simon Hill
Razer
Amazon
For the most serious PlayStation 5 owners who also play on their computer, I recommend checking out the Razer Raiju V3 Pro. It has a super premium feel in hand, with the latest in magnetic TMR joysticks. It has everything you'd want for tuning into a competitive mindset, like adjustable triggers, back buttons with the same switches as Razer mice, and a low latency 2.4GHz connection.
The big miss here is that you don't get the haptic feedback or vibration of any kind, which is great for both weight and serious performance, but means casual gamers miss out on the very cool integration only found on the DualSense controllers. –Simon Hill
Xbox/Microsoft
Amazon
Walmart
Best Buy
Microsoft
Microsoft's Elite Wireless Series 2 controller fills a similar role to Sony's DualSense Edge. It provides a ton more customizability for the discerning gamer. It has swappable control sticks with different heights for better precision. You can also adjust the tension of the control sticks if you, like me, tend to use way more force on your sticks than necessary. The D-pad has a slick, metal dish-style cover, but you can also swap it for a more traditional four-way D-pad cover if you prefer the old ways.
On the rear, you'll find tension switches for the two triggers. I usually prefer a longer actuation point, to prevent accidental button presses, but you can make it much shorter if you'd rather fire faster with less effort. There are also four slots for rear paddles, each of which can be customized to whichever button you prefer. It's also one of the few official Xbox controllers with a rechargeable battery. Microsoft still prefers using AA batteries, but for a controller this expensive, it's nice not to need a separate accessory to recharge. –Simon Hill
Nintendo
Amazon
Walmart
Target
Best Buy
First-party controllers are often quite good. They're usually well-built, feel comfortable, and do everything a controller should do. Still, it's rare for a first-party controller to feel as great as the Switch Pro Controller. It's responsive enough for long Donkey Kong Banana sessions, and sturdy enough that I'm happy to hand it off to a niece or nephew for some Mario Kart.
Nintendo made just a few small changes to the formula with the release of the Pro Controller 2 alongside the Switch 2, enough to make it worth picking these up if you're buying new. If you already have the original pro controller, and it isn't suffering from stick drift, there isn't any reason to upgrade. It does work with some other systems, but I wouldn't recommend it for dedicated play on just a PC.
Budget-Friendly Alternative: Given how minor the updates are, you can often find the original Pro Controller heavily discounted, which is great if you're just trying to fill out your set of four and won't be using them all the time. –Simon Hill
GameSir
Amazon
The GameSir G7 SE sports sensitive and drift-resistant hall effect sticks, customizable rear buttons, and swappable faceplates. With few frills and a focus on performance, this wallet-friendly controller has an audience of devout followers online for good reason.
The only real downside here is that the G7 SE doesn't sport any kind of wireless support, so you'll have to stay within wire's distance of anything you're plugged into. That makes this an excellent choice for desk-locked PC gamers looking for a simple, superb controller.

Amazon
Walmart
Best Buy
Backbone
If you want to play games on your phone—either locally or via a streaming subscription—you're gonna need way more buttons than your phone has. That's where the Backbone One comes into play. This sliding controller expands to fit (almost) any phone, even some still in their phone case. It plugs in via USB-C or Lightning connector (make sure you get the right model for your phone!), so there's no frustrating input lag or connectivity issues. There's a standard version that has a basic button layout, but you can also grab a PlayStation model that uses the platform's classic shape keys. There's no functional or price difference between the two, but the PlayStation model is objectively a little cooler. –Simon Hill
Microsoft
Best Buy
Microsoft
The Xbox Adaptive Controller is designed to offer a wide variety of options for gamers who may not be able to comfortably use a traditional gamepad. It essentially deconstructs all the inputs in a gamepad and lays them out in a way so anyone can create a controller layout that works for them.
Games are for everyone, and this controller offers an easier way for anyone to play Xbox and PC games. The Adaptive Controller is just the base station, though. You can also plug in buttons, switches, or foot pedals to customize your setup. –Simon Hill
Sony
Amazon
Best Buy
PlayStation Store
Sony’s palm-sized, turtle-shaped Access controller (8/10, WIRED Recommends) is a welcome addition to adaptive gaming. This customizable kit has swappable buttons, adjustable stick length and caps, and expandable inputs (four 3.5-mm ports), so folks can add compatible accessories.
The Access controller can be used flat on a table or tray, in your lap, or attached to an AMPS pattern mount. You can create up to 30 custom control profiles on your PS5 and store three on the Access controller itself (there’s a dedicated button for switching). It lacks Remote Play support, a touchpad, and haptics, but our reviewer mostly liked it, saying, “The Access Controller’s ingenuity solved my issues and opened gaming back up for me.” –Simon Hill
There are so many game controllers out there, but not all of them are good enough to make the list above. These are the other controllers we have tested recently.
Nacon Revolution 5 Pro: This highly customizable PS5 controller boasts Hall Effect sticks and triggers, programmable back paddles, and a great D-pad. You can tweak the weight, stick length and grips, and even the trigger actuation. It boasts a 10-hour battery life, and you can connect your headset via Bluetooth or plug-in. Unfortunately, it's expensive, and you don't get the haptic feedback or adaptive triggers that you'll find in Sony's excellent DualSense controllers.
Logitech G Pro Racing Wheel: WIRED editor Parker Hall raved about Logitech’s racing wheel accessory, and racing game fans with deep pockets will love it. It adds a layer of reality to your in-game driving with force feedback and vibrations that help you feel every surface. The gear shift paddles have Hall Effect sensors. There is also an OLED display that enables you to tweak settings without opening the app.
Nacon Revolution X Pro: This wired Xbox and PC controller comes with a long (around 10 feet), detachable, braided USB-C cable. Nacon offers an impressive level of customization, including interchangeable thumbsticks, programmable back buttons, and weights to help you get the feel you want. The Profile button lets you cycle through four presets, a switch toggles configurations, and it has a 3.5-mm headphone jack. You can tweak everything in the flaky Revolution X app for Xbox or PC. While it works well, I don’t love the cheap feel (even with adjusted weight), and the rear triggers are awkward. At full price, the Revolution X Pro is too expensive for a wired controller, but discounts are frequent.
GameSir Cyclone 2: The GameSir Cyclone 2 is super impressive for its price. Its layout is styled like an Xbox controller but with a few extra bells and whistles. It has two rear paddle buttons that can be customized and hair triggers with a physical switch inside each to swap between short and long actuation points. It also comes programmed with a ton of shortcuts to tweak things like vibration intensity, button layout, and control stick dead zones on the fly. For most gamers, the newer, upgraded G7 Pro will be worth the $25 price difference.
8BitDo Ultimate: This feature-packed controller from 8BitDo has lots to offer at a reasonable price. At first glance, it looks like an Xbox controller, but it has five central buttons on the front and a pair of rear paddles. It boasts a host of customization options to suit your play style. Using 8BitDo’s software, you can remap buttons, tweak the stick and trigger sensitivity, assign macros, and tune the vibration intensity. There's an updated version of this controller available and we'll update here when we get a chance to test it.
Wireless controllers are great, but you do have to remember to charge them. If you don’t want to mess with cables, a charging dock is the way. After testing several, we have some recommendations.
The official Sony charging station is the best for DualSense controllers. It is compact, charges two controllers, and frees up your PS5's ports. Slotting your controllers into place is a breeze, with successful docking marked by a click.
This stylish charging station is for wireless Xbox Series X|S or Xbox One controllers and comes with battery packs and replacement doors. The molded plastic makes it easy to slide your controllers into, and you can tap the top to change the lighting. The only drawback is that it is bulky.
This charging base can charge a Switch Pro controller and two Joy-Cons. It is simple to use, although you must insert a USB dongle into the Pro controller. I actually slightly prefer Power-A’s charging dock, which is more compact than the base, but it is out of stock at the moment. If you only need Joy-Con charging, try the HyperX Chargeplay Quad ($15).
Samsung Gs25+ Free With T-mobile for Business Supermobile
Squarespace Promo Code: 20% Off Annual Acuity Subscriptions
LG Promo Code: 20% Off Your First Order
10% Off Dell Coupon Code for New Customers
30% Samsung Coupon - Offer Program 2026
10% Off Canon Promo Code + Up to 30% Off
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2026 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices"
7,2026-04-03,"By Nora Eckert
DETROIT, April 3 (Reuters) - Popular car-shopping website Edmunds put a Chinese vehicle through a series of rigorous tests for the first time, and Editor-in-Chief Alistair Weaver came away with a notable impression: U.S. automakers have good reason for concern.
While Chinese ‌cars are effectively banned in the United States, Edmunds wanted to test one because of growing U.S. consumer interest in the affordable, feature-packed ‌vehicles. It got its hands on a Geely Galaxy M9 - an extended-range SUV hybrid starting at about $25,000 in China - and put the vehicle through its full battery of testing to measure ​driving range, acceleration, braking and other performance characteristics.
Many of the M9's features are ""ahead of the vehicles that we're driving in the U.S.,"" Weaver said after driving the vehicle around Edmunds' Los Angeles-based test track. ""The technology is terrific.""
A recent survey from Cox Automotive showed U.S. consumers are increasingly open to Chinese-brand vehicles, which are being kept out of the market by regulations, lawmaker opposition and tariffs around 100%. Some consumers are even scheming ways to get Chinese models over the border from ‌Mexico, where they're prevalent, or Canada, where their presence ⁠is likely to grow after Canada eased trade barriers.
Geely said it provided the vehicle to Edmunds to demonstrate its global technological capabilities rather than signal a push to break into the U.S. market. ""Geely continuously evaluates global markets, but our current ⁠commercial focus for the Galaxy M9 remains on China,"" a spokesperson said.
MATCHING PRICIER COMPETITORS
Edmunds got access to this vehicle after connecting with Geely executives at the CES trade show earlier this year, Weaver said. While new Chinese-brand cars can't be imported and sold, Edmunds can legally borrow the vehicle from Geely and drive it on U.S. ​roads.
Its ​staff drove the model around for about three weeks in everyday scenarios, like going to ​the grocery store, in addition to conducting a 227-point evaluation ‌of its performance and functionality.
It found that the three-row Galaxy M9 SUV rivals vehicles twice its price, such as the fully loaded Hyundai Palisade, Kia Telluride or Toyota Grand Highlander. While the model would undoubtedly be priced higher if it were available in the U.S., Edmunds said it would still be competitive at double its current $25,000 starting price in China.
The Galaxy M9 offers a 30-inch infotainment screen, which Edmunds found to be as responsive as those in a Tesla. On top of the core tech, the M9 offers frills common in Chinese vehicles: a built-in fridge, exterior speakers and a flip-down entertainment screen ‌for the second row.
The plug-in hybrid's estimated 808 miles of driving range surpasses projections ​from similar products slated to arrive soon from U.S. companies. Extended-range hybrids like the M9 ​have large batteries that power the vehicle like an EV and ​small gasoline engines that act primarily as generators to charge the battery. The M9 can travel about 100 miles on ‌electric power alone before the generator is needed, according to ​Edmunds' tests.
Chinese automakers have offered extended-range hybrids ​for years. Major automakers including Ford and Stellantis are planning to introduce them in the U.S. as an alternative to slower-selling EVs.
China's ultra-competitive car market has pressured automakers to roll out increasingly feature-packed models at low prices, said Tu Le, founder of consultancy Sino Auto Insights. If ​those options are kept out of the U.S. ‌market, especially as prices creep up, buyers will get frustrated, he said.
""We're seeing some of the most innovative products at the lowest ​prices, and consumers around the world are benefiting,"" Le said. ""To keep them out 100%, full stop, that's what's going to upset ​people.""
(Reporting by Nora Eckert in Detroit; Editing by Brian Thevenot and David Gaffen)
Fiat’s 1955 600 became the template for the modern city car: rear-engine practicality, Multipla spin-offs, and massive licensed production from SEAT to Zastava’s “Fića.” Italy built ~2.7M, Kragujevac 923k, and 600-based totals hit ~4.9M.
Dacia’s Mioveni plant has built its 100,000th Bigster about a year after production began. The compact SUV launched in 2025, logged 55k+ orders and 40k registrations by Sept 2025, and offers a 155-hp hybrid from £28,190 in the UK.
The 2026 BMW 550e packs a lot of versatility. Its thrift, comfortable, well-appointed, fun-to-drive, and more. But it's not exactly a looker.
Nyobolt’s prototype EV roadster shows ultrafast charging: 10–80% in 4:37 from a 35-kWh pack peaking near 350 kW. The company says its low-heat cells could suit cars, robots, and industry, with possible auto adoption in 2028–29.
GM says the next Silverado and Sierra will debut later this year with a sharper design, a more digital cabin, and likely Super Cruise upgrades—while keeping V8 options. Diesel remains uncertain, and a plug-in hybrid is only a possibility for now.
While more than a few of the Japanese automaker's vehicles are feeling the hurt, one is proving to be an enthusiast standout.
We return to our Wagoneer coverage today at a turning point in the greater automotive market. The introduction of the lower-priced Jeep Cherokee in 1974 allowed Jeep to push the Wagoneer into more luxurious territory, an effort cemented by the arrival of the Limited trim in 1978.5. A few months later all Jeep vehicles were restyled with a new front clip, bringing the lineup to a more cohesive and modern appearance for the ‘79 model year. But world events during 1979 would change the course of au
The most recent version of the car, the R35, went out of production last year.
The Mercedes-Benz EQS hasn't had the easiest of lives. It was met with a mixed reception when it was new, and it's also one of the slowest-selling cars the German automaker has ever produced. On paper, the car was groundbreaking and revolutionary, but people simply weren't convinced enough to go to ...
6D has released a new take on off-road goggles. Some questions do come to mind regarding the system, but we'll reserve judgement until we can get our hands on a set.
Built for trucks and SUVs, the EtenWolf Vortex S7 cordless inflator handles big tires with ease.
Reports say Audi’s Concept C production car may share key EV architecture with Porsche’s next 718. If Porsche delays or cancels the electric Boxster/Cayman, Audi could face higher costs or a pushed-back timeline. Audi called the claim speculation; target remains 2027.
Mazda is one of the brands that has successfully reinvented itself and gained a whole new type of following. From just being another Japanese brand, it transformed into offering more upscale models with even more premium designs and feel. The brand's patented Kodo design language has given the ...
Cadillac’s CT5 is getting more attention than usual, as 2026 is its last model year until the next generation’s redesign. While the next-generation CT5 will likely arrive in 2027, Cadillac has not yet announced its release date, placing even more present focus on the 2026 model. However, those ...
A Nissan exec says the GT-R's return is a matter of when, not if, and the next-gen car's price may surprise you.
Brembo’s carbon-ceramic brakes are packed with innovations Ducati unveiled the Superleggera V4 Centenario last week, highlighting its innovative use of carbon, specifically with the world’s first use of carbon ceramic brakes (CCB) on a street-legal motorcycle. Developed by Brembo, the Centenario’s brakes may be the closest thing you can get to MotoGP-tier tech on a street-legal motorcycle (Brembo also produces the brakes on the Aprilia X 250TH, but alas, it can only be used on the track). The sy
We’ve known for a while that Nissan is working on the next GT-R, even as earlier plans hinted at an all-electric future for the badge. That idea hasn’t completely disappeared, but it’s clearly not the full story anymore. Now, there’s a bit more clarity thanks to comments from Ponz Pandikuthira, ...
The modern look. Values are bolstered by the move toward hybrid-only high trims.
""Infiniti is committed to that vehicle (referencing the sports sedan)"" the boss of Infiniti said.
It's safe to say that Audi is one of the pioneers of the inline-five engine. Even though it wasn't the first, five-cylinders have become one of its hallmarks, especially back in the '80s. That said, the first inline-five was from Mercedes-Benz, but its development was led by Ferdinand Piëch of the ...
The inflators were imported into the United States by unknown importers, probably illegally, so NHTSA doesn't yet know how many vehicles could be affected.
Google announced an open-source operating system for Android Auto, which it says will run more key features in cars moving forward.
A one-of-a-kind 1930 Packard Speedster highlights early American performance innovation and luxury engineering.
Seven years ago, hybrids suffered terrible depreciation. Now they depreciate less than gas cars.
Even the Mazda Miata starts at more than $30k now; is there room in the market for cheap, fun cars?
EV and future tech
Classic and collector
Deals and buying guides
Ownership
Safety and recalls
Policy and environment
New vehicles and reviews
Auto shows
General
People and culture
Help
About us
About our ads
Licensing
Sitemap
Follow us on
© 2026 Yahoo. All rights reserved."
8,2026-04-03,"
PS5 
Sony officially raised the price of the PS5 on April 2. The cheapest model now has an MSRP starting at $600. But it’s actually not too late to get the console at the old discounted price of $400. That happens to be its original launch price, which is what a win looks like in 2026.
PlayStation Direct is still listing the Fortnite Flowering Chaos PS5 Bundle at the old sale price. It includes the version of the console without a disc drive and a bunch of PlayStation-exclusive cosmetics for Epic’s free-to-play battle royale. Sony even mentions that the bundle offers “savings of $200,” so this isn’t a weird glitch or something.
It’s possible Sony is trying to sell through existing inventory of the bundle before reverting to the new $600 price. Other online and physical retailers might be in a similar boat, though GameStop lists the same bundle at the same price and it’s already “out of stock.”
This might be the last, best, brief window for anyone who’s still looking to upgrade to PS5 ahead of the launch of Grand Theft Auto 6 later this year, or Marvel’s Wolverine if you’re just a comic book nerd who doesn’t care about super-luxurious open-world narrative games. The game’s not coming to PC at launch and no Switch 2 port has been announced.
You’re only alternative would be to pick up an Xbox Series S, which is also currently priced at $400 thanks to the ongoing RAM shortages and Trump trade war taxes. But that console is significantly weaker than the PS5/Xbox Series X and GTA 6 will likely have noticeable performance drawbacks on the cheaper Microsoft hardware.
Otherwise, with prices continuing to skyrocket and next-gen hardware just around the corner, your best bet might just be to wait until Sony releases the PS6.
Donât miss the latest reviews, news and tips. Sign up for our free newsletter.

          Sucker Punch also explained how it built an online co-op game within a big single-player RPG
        

          Aggressive price drops kept console gaming affordable, once
        

          Sony's super expensive console is in a weird spot right now ahead of its big price increase and GTA 6's launch
        

          Bungie's new shooter can be a painful experience, but the victories will stick with me forever
        

          The popular roguelike action game starring sexy gods is finally coming to more platforms, and to Game Pass
        

          Sony has yet to confirm a reported shift in its strategy around exclusives
        
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2026 KOTAKU USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
9,2026-04-03,"
                                              Every time Dan publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                                          
Enter your email


                                              By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
                                              Terms of Service and
                                              Privacy Policy.
                                            
OpenAI wants to control the narrative. Literally.
The AI giant bought TBPN, the tech industry's hottest talk show, in a deal so shocking that one of its hosts joked it wasn't a belated April Fool's joke.
A good chunk of you might be asking, ""TBP what?"" You're not wrong for wondering. As popular as the weekday, three-hour show is, it's also intensely focused on tech. (That's on purpose. John Coogan, one of the cohosts, recently talked about TBPN being intentionally niche.)
Within that specific group, it is huge. Dubbed ""SportsCenter"" for Silicon Valley, it's basically a must-watch for tech bros. Hence why people are freaking out about one of the biggest tech startups buying one of the industry's most popular shows.
BI's Peter Kafka has some great analysis on why the deal makes sense. For a company that's thinking in trillions of dollars, spending a few hundred million (terms weren't disclosed, but that's the number being floated) to nab your industry's most influential show makes a lot of sense.
And it's not just getting a show. It's a direct line to the people shaping the industry it's looking to dominate.
(We've also got some more takes on the news from other smart people around the interwebs.)
Questions are swirling about whether this OpenAI-version of TBPN can retain its magic.
TBPN hosts Coogan and Jordi Hays have said they will maintain editorial independence from OpenAI. But TBPN will also assist OpenAI with marketing and communications outside the show, potentially blurring the lines between coverage and promotion.
Still, it's not like TBPN is looking to break big scoops or investigations like ""60 Minutes."" Coogan and Hays are both former tech founders who are unabashedly pro-tech. That formula has helped them court the biggest names in the industry, and is unlikely to change under the new regime.
What will be interesting to see is how many of those big names are willing to come on now that the show is backed by their competition. Will Mark Zuckerberg welcome TBPN back to Meta's headquarters now that his rival Sam Altman is signing their checks? What about executives from Anthropic or Google?
OpenAI competitors will need to ask themselves: Is reaching the audience TBPN holds worth helping a rival you're actively fighting for market share?
What does seem inevitable is that we're about to get A LOT of TBPN copycats, writes BI's Sydney Bradley, Dan Whateley, and Lucia Moses.
Livestreaming talk shows were already on the rise. OpenAI shelling out for TBPN only adds fuel to that fire. And in an industry known for imitation, other AI giants might snap up their own version of TBPN.
An influx of new shows could just water down the market, though. SportsCenter was largely successful because it was the only place to watch sports highlights. That changed with social media, and was the beginning of the end of SportsCenter's era of dominance.
TBPN may be at the center of tech conversation right now. The question is how long any one show can stay there.
Jump to"
10,2026-04-03,"
                                    Every time Katie publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                                
Enter your email


                                    By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
                                    Terms of Service and
                                    Privacy Policy.
                                  
Courtney Sullivan, a lawyer in Scottsdale, Arizona, was tasked with a mission: Her nieces in Texas wanted NeeDoh squishies, but their dad (her brother) discovered they were sold out everywhere he looked. 
Luckily, Sullivan found some in a local store and mailed them over state lines to her nieces.
NeeDohs, colorful rubbery balls and cubes of varying textures, have gone viral on social media — and the demand is outpacing supply. It's caused a mini-Labubu effect: Kids (and parents and aunts) are desperate to find them in stores, while knock-offs flourish and resellers jack up prices on the real thing.
""Literally, within the first nine weeks of the year, we'd sold through the whole year's inventory,"" Paul Weingard, CEO of Schylling, the maker of NeeDoh, told Business Insider. ""No company can plan for that. It's been fantastic, overwhelming demand that just well outstrips our ability to replenish.""
Schylling, based in North Andover, Massachusetts, specializes in vintage or classic toys — things like wooden paddles with a rubber ball on a string, View-Masters, Big Wheels, and Lava Lamps — along with other, more modern toys. They launched NeeDoh in 2017, when fidget toys, slime, ASMR videos, and squishies were already popular with kids.
Since then, NeeDoh has been growing its sales by about two times a year, says Weingard (who declined to give exact sales numbers). The recent viral surge, which he estimates is about six times last year's growth, has made NeeDoh the 52-year-old company's best seller of all time.
Still, having a hit toy is great, but it can be complicated: Pop Mart, the maker of Labubu, saw its stock drop by 30% after it published an earnings report revealing that the furry dolls, which have started to fall out of favor, accounted for most of its sales.
Miguel Montano, a youth pastor in San Antonio, told Business Insider that NeeDohs are indeed a hit, like the hits he's seen before.
""My older high school students talk about them, but it's the freshman middle schoolers who are obsessed with them,"" he said. ""It's just another fad — Labubu, Funko Pops, whatever is in. There's an almost mindless gravitation to it."" Montano isn't above the lure, though — he bought two NeeDohs for himself at a hefty markup from a reseller.
Weingard told Business Insider that sales of NeeDoh had been steadily rising, but really blew up this past holiday season when an advent calendar-style multi-pack went viral on social media, kicking off a craze for the sensory toys. While the ""Nice Cube"" is their top seller, holiday multi-packs are also driving sales. An Easter-themed pack of 10 squishies is selling for around $200 from resellers on Walmart.com.
I myself have been a victim of overpriced resellers. I paid $18 at a store that sells viral products at a local mall for a nobby gumdrop-shaped NeeDoh that my kid had been wishing for for weeks. The squishy's regular retail price is only $6. After playing with it a little, I can admit it does have a hard-to-describe satisfying squish factor, and I've found myself absent-mindedly playing with it at my desk during the workday.
But the difficulty of finding these in stores is frustrating to both kids and adults. Just this week, I saw a desperate plea in my local parents' Facebook group asking for any leads for stores that had NeeDohs in stock. Answers flooded in with various sightings. On Reddit, the NeeDoh subreddit has 10,000 weekly visitors, where people discuss where to buy them and post photos of their collections. On TikTok, I've been seeing ads in the TikTok Shop for products that look suspiciously like NeeDoh packaging but with a different name.
Sullivan, the aunt in Arizona, was thrilled to be able to supply her teenage nieces with the hard-to-find toys. ""I grew up in the thick of the Cabbage Patch Kid craze, so he knew I'd be all over the challenge of the hunt. Unfortunately, my success has caused my husband to become interested in NeeDohs. He already took a Super Ripple for himself and has pre-reserved my next Nice Berg.""
Weingard told Business Insider that Schylling is ramping up production as much as it can. (There was an unfortunately timed stop in production in February, right as the products were blowing up online, when factories in China, which make the NeeDoh, shut down for the Lunar New Year holiday.) He said they hope to fully meet demand by the summer.
""It's incomparable to anything else we've ever done in terms of the popularity and demand,"" Weingard said. ""It's certainly challenging in a respect. We never designed NeeDoh to be a viral craze; it wasn't intentional. We imagined it more in keeping with the other products in our line. We wanted to create a contemporary classic, something that would be in our line for a generation or more.""
Jump to"
11,2026-04-03,"
                                    Every time Alistair publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                                
Enter your email


                                    By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
                                    Terms of Service and
                                    Privacy Policy.
                                  
The US jobs report on Friday was surprisingly strong. That's not the only part of the job market that's doing better than expected.
Tech job openings have rebounded sharply in 2026, challenging the popular narrative that AI is wiping out engineering roles.
Data from TrueUp, a tech hiring analytics firm, shows more than 67,000 software engineering job openings, the highest level in over three years. Listings have roughly doubled since a trough in mid-2023.
The most striking number for me: So far this year, the number of open roles has jumped about 30%. TrueUp tracks jobs at tech companies (rather than all types of businesses that may need tech workers), so the impact of AI should be felt even more strongly in this data.
""A lot of the 'AI is replacing engineers' narrative isn't grounded in job posting data — at least not so far,"" Amit Taylor, founder of TrueUp, told me this week.
Check out this chart, which shows open software engineering roles globally. The chart starts in late 2022, when ChatGPT emerged and started the generative AI revolution. The line goes the opposite way you would expect, given all the hand-wringing over AI lately.
The recovery follows a steep correction in 2022 and early 2023, when tech companies slashed hiring after over-expanding during the pandemic boom. Rising interest rates and a shift toward profitability forced companies to freeze hiring and cut staff. Now, hiring is rebounding as firms invest heavily in AI, which, ironically, requires large numbers of engineers.
TrueUp's dataset tracks more than 260,000 open roles across 9,000 tech companies, focusing on startups and public tech firms rather than the broader economy. Within that universe, demand for software engineers remains strong, while AI-related roles are ""exploding,"" Taylor said.
So why does the situation feel so dire for some candidates, especially recent graduates? There are still entry-level tech jobs, but the pool of available talent is much bigger now.
""Way more people have pursued computer science,"" TrueUp founder Amit Taylor told me this week. ""The jobs haven't disappeared, but competition for them is dramatically higher than it was even five years ago.""
How might the tech job market evolve, as AI weaves itself through the economy?
""Maybe AI compresses some roles entirely. Or maybe it makes great engineers so leveraged that companies fight even harder over them,"" Taylor said. ""Right now, the demand for top talent is strong, but maybe that continues for a while until things suddenly flip.""
Sign up for BI's Tech Memo newsletter here. Reach out to me via email at abarr@businessinsider.com.
Jump to"
12,2026-04-03,"
			        April 3, 2026 10:00am by
			        Barry Ritholtz 

 
 
The world of investing has changed over the first 30 years of my career. Perhaps the biggest surprise has been the gradual shift from traditional market-based pursuit of alpha to what can be best described as “Organizational Alpha.”
Today, I want to share key examples how this evolution has manifested itself at our firm, Ritholtz Wealth Management.
From Portfolio Management to Full-Service Wealth Planning
In the early days, the core offering was portfolio management — globally diversified, low-cost, disciplined. That hasn’t changed. What has changed is everything we built around it.
Investors need more than just a good portfolio and someone to occasionally talk them off the ledge when volatility surges; they need someone to coordinate their entire financial landscape — investments, taxes, estate plans, insurance, equity compensation, retirement plans, and charitable giving.
This comprehensive approach has resulted from a deep understanding of client goals. Maximizing investment returns is only one part of that journey.
Orchestrating Tax Planning and Wealth Management
Many advisors treat tax planning as an afterthought. We witness so many errors, oversights, and missed opportunities from CPAs who fail to orchestrate investments and tax planning. After reviewing thousands of client tax filings, we realized we needed to make this a central function, and Ritholtz Tax was born.
Tax planning and preparation are now critical parts of our service model and among the most meaningful ways we can improve client outcomes.
It’s not just about preparing taxes (though that is very important). It’s understanding the entirety of a client’s tax situation that informs how we deploy tax loss harvesting, estate planning, and gifting strategies. Every Ritholtz Tax client gets a pro-forma tax analysis completed during the tax year, so our tax-focused investment strategies have the time they need to deliver results to manage tax bills. Waiting until the tax year is over is simply too late.
Behavioral Management
This is the single most important point of failure for most investors.
I was lucky to stumble down the behavioral finance rabbit hole in the 1990s on a trading desk. As a firm, we became known as one of the earliest adopters this by combining BeFi with a data-based approach to managing client wealth.
Avoiding mistakes is so much more important than stock-picking or market-timing for your long-term success. Whether it’s “Liberation day” market jitters or volatility caused by spiking oil prices, our clients depend on us to help process current events and understand the impact they may have on a long-term financial plan.
Corporate Retirement Plans
Our dedicated 401(k) team works with business owners and executives on plan development, design, and deployment. A well-structured retirement plan is one of the most powerful tools a company has — for recruiting, retention, and the long-term financial health of its employees.
Reach out to the team to learn about the impact of  the “mega backdoor Roth” on your long-term savings.
Concentrated Positions
When clients come to us with large, concentrated stock positions, they need more than just advice to “Diversify!” They need a thoughtful, long-term, tax-aware plan to reduce risk without causing an unnecessary tax event. Our team of advisors and tax pros work together to develop a custom strategy that balances diversification with the real-world tax consequences of unwinding those positions.
Diversifying concentrated positions without subjecting clients to substantial tax hits has become significantly easier with the introduction of long/short equity strategies.
Custom Indexing Through Canvas (Equity)
We were among the first adopters of O’Shaughnessy Asset Management’s direct indexing platform, Canvas (now part of Franklin Templeton). Today, we have over a billion dollars on the platform. Why? Because the results speak for themselves — clients on Canvas have experienced an average after-tax boost of ~80 basis points since inception, driven primarily by systematic tax-loss harvesting. We have a meaningful level of client assets in direct indexing strategies, and we expect that number to grow significantly in the years ahead.
Bespoke Fixed Income Strategies
The investment management industry has historically allocated to fixed income categories without much regard to the clients’ individual needs.
The relative attractiveness of municipal bonds, treasuries, and corporate bonds varies dramatically based on your specific circumstances. One investor’s optimal max after tax yield will be different than another’s.
We work with Canopy Capital to maintain a consistent exposure to a client’s individually optimized bond allocation, with the additional benefit of tax loss harvesting. Their fixed income portfolio management software is a custom solution driven by your income, your federal tax bracket, and your state and city tax levels.
Long/Short Portfolios 
For clients looking to offset substantial capital gains taxes, we manage leveraged long-short equity portfolios through AQR and OSAM. These are systematic, tax‑aware strategies designed to harvest ongoing, usable tax losses while deferring taxable gains. These maintain moderate net market exposure, allowing the investor to compound more pre‑tax gains and pay less tax along the way — especially after a taxable liquidity event (selling a business, building, a highly appreciated home, or concentrated stock holding).
Employee Stock Option Plan Management
We work with many clients whose wealth has come from company stock: not only founders’ shares and employee stock options, but RSAs, RSUs, NSOs, and ISOs. The key to successfully navigating this alphabet soup of equity is to approach it from both a diversification and tax planning perspective.1
Trust & Estate Planning
Estate planning is one of those things we all know we need, but too many of us put off. Our in-house estate planning attorney and team work to make sure your documents reflect your intent, your family is protected, and nothing gets overlooked.
Whether it’s straightforward succession planning or complex multi-generational wealth transfer, we view it as a vital part of the ongoing advisory relationship — not just a one-time discussion.
Private Investments
More and more people come to us with private investments – that’s why we added a full-time dedicated analyst to cover alts, including private debt, credit, hedge funds, and venture capital.
As our client base has grown in both size and sophistication, so did the demand for access to private markets. But as I noted earlier this month in Ill-Liquidity Premium, the median alternative fund is not worth the fees, illiquidity, and complexity.
We approach privates the same way we approach everything else — with a well-founded focus on what actually adds value after fees.
Non-Profit and Institutional Management
We partner with nonprofit organizations to navigate the unique complexities of institutional management. Our team serves as both a governing and managing fiduciary, handling investment policy development, design, and deployment. We also assist with major giving strategies, leveraging our in-house tax and estate planning professionals to help organizations facilitate planned giving and complex charitable contributions.
Financial Literacy — It’s in Our DNA
Education has been part of this firm’s identity since before the firm existed. Between The Big Picture, A Wealth of Common Sense, The Compound, Animal Spirits, Masters in Business, At the Money, and the dozens of other media channels our team contributes to, we reach millions of people every week. We believe that informed clients make better decisions, and better decisions lead to better outcomes. Financial literacy isn’t a marketing strategy for us — it’s a core value.
The Evolution of Ritholtz Wealth Management
When we started Ritholtz Wealth Management in 2013, the vision was straightforward: build a firm grounded in evidence-based investing, behavioral finance, and radical transparency. Two partners, $60 million in assets, and a shared conviction that Wall Street’s traditional model was broken.
Thirteen years later, we manage over $7.6 billion in client assets for 1000s of families. But growth in AUM only tells part of the story. The real evolution has been in what we do for the people who trust us with their finances.
What Comes Next          
The evolution of RWM has always been driven by one question: What else do our clients need? Every capability we’ve added — tax, estate, privates, direct indexing, retirement plans, non-profit services — started with that question. We expect the next decade to bring just as much change as the last, and we plan to keep building.
~~~
Speak With Us
Do you need a financial QB to manage all aspects of your financial life? If so, reach out. To learn about how RWM works with clients, reach out to us at Info AT RitholtzWealth.com, with the subject line “QB.”
If you live anywhere near the Bay Area, come speak to us at our upcoming event in San Francisco during the week 0of April 14-17th. Email us: Info AT RitholtzWealth.com, with the subject line “San Francisco.”
 
 
Previously:
Announcing: Ritholtz Wealth Management (September 16, 2013)
Introducing RWM’s Educator / 403(b) Division (December 4, 2015)
Inverting Wall Street’s Research Business Model (March 14, 2016)
What is Organizational Alpha? (February 7, 2017)
What is Your Value Proposition? (May 30, 2017)
Our Exorbitant Privilege (June 19, 2018)
What Should You Be Paying for Investment Advice? (April 9, 2019)
10 Things I Have Learned Launching RWM (September 16, 2019)
Accessing Losses via Direct Indexing (April 14, 2021)
Tax Alpha (April 14, 2022)
Lessons from Our Origin Story (September 17, 2021)
RWM Makes Barron’s Top 100 RIA Firms! (September 15, 2025)
 
 
__________
1.  We also eat our own cooking when it comes to Employee stock ownership: From day one, we built our firm as a partnership. Every year, new partners are offered the opportunity to purchase equity. Today, 29 employee-owners sit on the cap table — co-founders, financial advisors, and key personnel. Nobody was handed free stock options; everyone invested. This structure is the backbone of our succession plan and our commitment to remaining 100% independent.
The advisory firms that last are the ones where employees who do the work have real skin in the game.
 
This content, which contains security-related opinions and/or information, is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon in any manner as professional advice, or an endorsement of any practices, products or services. There can be no guarantees or assurances that the views expressed here will be applicable for any particular facts or circumstances, and should not be relied upon in any manner. You should consult your own advisers as to legal, business, tax, and other related matters concerning any investment.  The commentary in this “post” (including any related blog, podcasts, videos, and social media)  reflects the personal opinions, viewpoints, and analyses of the Ritholtz Wealth Management employees providing such comments, and should not be regarded the views of Ritholtz Wealth Management LLC. or its respective affiliates or as a description of advisory services provided by Ritholtz Wealth Management or performance returns of any Ritholtz Wealth Management Investments client.   References to any securities or digital assets, or performance data, are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute an investment recommendation or offer to provide investment advisory services. Charts and graphs provided within are for informational purposes solely and should not be relied upon when making any investment decision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The content speaks only as of the date indicated. Any projections, estimates, forecasts, targets, prospects, and/or opinions expressed in these materials are subject to change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by others.   The Compound Media, Inc., an affiliate of Ritholtz Wealth Management, receives payment from various entities for advertisements in affiliated podcasts, blogs and emails. Inclusion of such advertisements does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by the Content Creator or by Ritholtz Wealth Management or any of its employees. Investments in securities involve the risk of loss. For additional advertisement disclaimers see here: https://www.ritholtzwealth.com/advertising-disclaimers  Please see disclosures here: https://ritholtzwealth.com/blog-disclosures/
Previous Post

Read More 
Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry daily.




How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy
Learn More...



    © 2026    The Big Picture  
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks.




Subscribe
"
13,2026-04-03,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
17 hours ago

RAM prices have kept climbing for much of this year, shocking the supply chain and forcing brands across product categories to pass on the rising costs to consumers or even outright kill some products. While it’s easy to see the skyrocketing prices of components in PCs, it’s much harder for consumers to notice the price increases on phones. If you’ve been wondering just how bad RAMageddon will pinch you on your next phone purchase, we finally have some credible numbers to relate to.
Xiaomi Group President Mr. Lu Weibing took to Weibo to inform consumers about the recent memory price increase.
According to Mr. Weibing, prices for the same RAM and storage configuration have risen nearly 4x in a year. For instance, the popular 12GB RAM and 512GB storage configuration seen on flagships has increased in price by CNY 1,500 (~$218), while the even higher-end 16GB RAM and 1TB storage version has seen an “even more outrageous” increase.
Don’t want to miss the best from Android Authority?
The context for Mr. Weibing’s statement is to rationalize the price increase that Xiaomi’s Redmi sub-brand has to undertake in its home market, China. Still, the general economics of the increase apply to all manufacturers selling in all regions of the world. You can easily envisage a $100-$200 price increase for Android flagships sporting that RAM and memory configuration, and even those numbers are on the conservative side.
So why haven’t all Android brands raised their prices yet? The answer is the inventory in hand. Manufacturing and assembly contracts for phone components are finalized and signed months and years in advance of a phone reaching a consumer’s hands. As a result, there’s a natural lag in price fluctuations as phone makers churn through their existing inventory before they are forced to pass on the increased prices on newer stock to consumers.
We’ve already seen some phone makers raise prices, and as older (cheaper) stock runs out, newer phones will inevitably be more expensive, to the point where some of your favorite phones may stop feeling like bargains.
If your current phone works well, your wallet will thank you for holding onto it for a little longer. If you’re already due for a phone upgrade, buy it right away and don’t hold on for longer because phones will only get more expensive this year.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
14,2026-04-03,"If you've been keeping tabs on GPU news lately, you've likely noticed that things have been eeriely quiet on Nvidia's end, and that's not by accident. The GeForce RTX 50 Super series, which had been widely expected to arrive at CES 2026 with a significant VRAM bump across the lineup, has been delayed indefinitely, with Nvidia quietly notifying its board partners rather than making any kind of public announcement. The current RTX 50 series will reportedly remain Nvidia's only consumer gaming offering until the next-generation RTX 60 series arrives, which isn't expected until the second half of 2027 at the earliest.
For enthusiasts who had been holding out for those refreshed cards, this stings. The Super lineup was supposed to be the mid-generation course correction that the RTX 50 series badly needed: more VRAM for similar prices would've made a lot of these cards make a lot more sense. I prefer to take a ""glass half full"" perspective on the situation, as a year without any new Nvidia hardware might be exactly what the PC space needs.
Nvidia's RTX 50 series isn't for me, but I have 3 alternatives to consider 
 Nvidia's Super series delay has a very clear cause: The GDDR7 memory used on these cards is in critically short supply, with the AI industry absorbing an enormous share of available DRAM production. The wafers used in the production of HBM memory for AI are made from the same silicon that would otherwise be used for GDDR7, DDR5, and so on.
The planned Super lineup was built around increasing VRAM capacity by around 50%, which would have meant cards like the RTX 5070 Super were rumored to be shipping with 18GB, and both the RTX 5070 Ti Super and RTX 5080 Super carrying 24GB. These specs are actually exciting on paper, but they're also why it's just not possible to ship these cards.
There's also a very distinct lack of competition from AMD and Intel for these cards—that's not to say that the RX 9000 series or B580 weren't competitive, but cards that have upwards of 18GB of VRAM just aren't in the same ballpark as anything the Red or Blue team are currently offering in consumer GPUs, and this lack of direct competition means there's no fire under Nvidia to try and find a creative way to get these cards out of the door.
These GPUs can no longer bring it in modern titles
 While a GPU upgrade certainly wouldn't hurt you, chances are, you're probably not due for one anyway. The vast majority of users will be perfectly content running their RTX 30 or RX 7000 series GPUs for another generation, and if you're on something newer, the reasons to upgrade continue to become less compelling as you move up the generation ladder.
An RTX 3080 or RX 7800 XT still handles the majority of games at 1440p without breaking a sweat, and that's before you factor in the software side of things. DLSS and FSR have arguably done more for playable performance in the last two years than raw silicon improvements, making last-gen cards way more capable over a longer span of time than they otherwise would've been. A pause in new hardware releases is an opportunity to reassess whether you actually need to upgrade, or whether you've just been conditioned to feel like you do.
I'm finally leaving team Green altogether in favor of AMD's new Radeon RX 9070 XT, and I'm not looking back.

The RTX 50 series launch wasn't exactly a confidence-inspiring moment for Nvidia, either. Stock was constrained for months, prices ran well above MSRP at retail, and the VRAM situation on several mid-range models made these cards feel like more of the same rather than something actually exciting.
This sets up an interesting dynamic for whenever new cards do eventually arrive. Potential buyers that have gone without for an extra year are becoming much more used to stretching their GPUs further with upscaling tech and slightly lower settings, and with all the headaches of this previous launch, the bar for something worth buying has raised significantly. A future RTX 60 series card that shows up with more VRAM than expected, at a price that doesn't require a second mortgage, would genuinely move people, and it's not like Nvidia is incapable of delivering such a card. They've done it before with the GTX 1080 Ti, and again with the RTX 3080. Maybe the RTX 6080 is where the value proposition is undeniable once more.
The GPU giant's Super refresh RTX 50-series has also reportedly been delayed
 Even setting aside the Super series delay, the stock picture for current-generation Nvidia cards is not healthy. Reports from supply chain sources suggest Nvidia plans to cut production of its current GPU lineup by up to 30 to 40 percent in the coming year, with AIB partners already receiving word that certain models will be affected first.
If the stock issues continue to play a role into future GPU launches, a great card with a good MSRP still won't be enough to move the needle, and we've seen that with the RX 9070 XT. At its MSRP price, it's a knockout, but it has been next to impossible to get one at that price, so the ""true cost"" of a card like that makes it a much less compelling value.
Despite some promising rumors of elevated stock and reasonable pricing, Nvidia still haven't done enough to make the 5060 worth buying.
It would be easy to frame Nvidia's quiet 2026 purely as bad news, and for enthusiasts looking specifically for a 50-series refresh, it's definitely grim. Zooming out gives you a much more positive picture of the current gaming GPU situation, though. Consumers get time to actually use the hardware they have, evaluate what they really need from an upgrade, and let the supply chain work through its current chaos. Nvidia, for its part, gets a moment of reckoning: the enthusiast market isn't infinitely patient, and the next time a new GPU generation arrives, hopefully they'll throw them a bone in some fashion.
We want to hear from you! Share your opinions in the thread below and remember to keep it respectful.
Your comment has not been saved
This thread is open for discussion.
Be the first to post your thoughts.
"
15,2026-04-03,"The auto industry is under siege on multiple fronts — tariffs, supply chain shocks, the associated rising costs, competition from China, and uneven demand for EVs.
So when I walked into the New York Auto Show this week — my third consecutive year at the expo — I expected executives to have a wide array of answers to the industry's myriad challenges.
Instead, they all said the same thing: They're responding to these pressures with a trunk full of AI.
That bet could dramatically change how automakers design, build, and sell vehicles. Most importantly, it could collapse a product's development timeline and make companies more agile.
For decades, developing a new vehicle typically took four to six years from design to production. That timeline is now too slow as companies try to respond more quickly to fickle demand and global disruptions.
Nissan executives, for example, said they're aiming to cut development time dramatically — targeting 36 months for a new powertrain and about 30 months for vehicles built on the same platform.
""Lead time to development time, all said and told, is a couple of years,"" Eric Ledieu, the vice president of Infiniti America, Nissan's luxury arm, told Business Insider. ""Trying to get that cycle shortened is really our ambition.""
Executives from Hyundai said it's doing the same, though it declined to share an exact timeline.
""The people that are using AI today, it will make them more efficient and effective,"" Randy Parker, CEO of Hyundai Motor North America, told me. ""The quicker that you lean in, the quicker you can embrace it. I think it will help you be more efficient and get to market a lot faster.""
Toyota, Ford, and GM executives are all humming a similar tune. Behind the show's flashy product launches — a sleek Corvette concept from Chevy, a rugged new Hyundai SUV, EVs from Kia and Subaru — the executives all discussed their desire to find ways to move more efficiently.
Everything on the Javitz Center's showroom floor, it seemed, flowed from that effort.
One way to move faster is to work together.
It typically costs $1 billion or more to bring a new car to market. Increasingly, automakers are deciding they won't do it alone.
Toyota and Subaru have partnered on EVs and now sell — or are preparing to launch — four closely related models. Nissan's Rogue Plug-In Hybrid is a rebadged version of the Mitsubishi Outlander. Ram's ProMaster City cargo van shares key components with the Fiat Scudo sold in Europe.
""The other big trend I see that's a huge shock to this industry is a need for consolidation,"" Ponz Pandikuthira, Nissan and Infiniti's chief product and planning officer, said.
Pandikuthira said the Rogue Hybrid's ties to Mitsubishi were partly due to the new compressed timelines.
""The costs are going up so much,"" he added. ""It doesn't have to be a merger or some giant partner. We just have to do joint projects.""
He added that automakers producing fewer than 5 million to 8 million vehicles a year may struggle to survive on their own.
For years, US automakers have steadily walked away from sedans, betting instead on higher-margin SUVs and trucks. Now, that calculus may be shifting.
With consumer costs still rising, several executives said they're reconsidering smaller, more affordable vehicles — including sedans — to reach buyers who have been priced out of the market.
There are also practical reasons. Sedans tend to be more aerodynamic than SUVs, making them a better fit for EVs, for which efficiency is critical.
And there may be a cultural shift, too.
""I think the younger generation wants a little bit of differentiation,"" Ledieu said, adding that SUVs and crossovers are ""what mom and dad drive.""
One of the most visible design trends at the auto show was the rise of LED light bars — thin strips of light stretching across the front or rear of a vehicle.
And now, some new cars (including the Genesis G90 Winback concept and the redesigned VW Atlas) have two.
They've been around for a few years, but they're no longer just a concept-car gimmick. They're showing up across entire lineups.
Lincoln and Lucid feature them on nearly every model. Hyundai, Ford, GM, and Toyota have adopted them widely as well.
What was once a futuristic flourish is quickly becoming standard.
Presenting at the New York Auto Show doesn't come cheap. Multiple executives told Business Insider they're spending seven (and sometimes eight) figures to exhibit at the event.
That cost is changing how and where automakers choose to reveal their biggest vehicles.
Infiniti unveiled its coming 2027 QX65 SUV at a stand-alone event with former NFL stars Julian Edelman and Rob Gronkowski days before media previews began. Volkswagen showed off its redesigned 2027 Atlas at a warehouse a day before the Javitz Center opened to the press.
Even newcomers are opting out. Slate, the EV truck startup backed by Jeff Bezos, showed off its vehicle at a small shop about a mile from the convention center.
""Auto shows used to be the only place you reveal a car,"" Ledieu said. ""Now, you're revealing them in all kinds of different places.""
Other executives said they still see a payoff from the show, even after complaining about the cost.
Amid all the talk of supply chains, geopolitical risk, and the industry's uncertain future, I slipped in one lighter question during six of my interviews:
If you could take home any car from the show floor — and not one from your company — what would it be?
Bentley was the clear favorite. Four executives picked the luxury brand, including two who singled out the Flying Spur sedan.
All asked for anonymity when naming a rival.
A few other standouts made the cut, too: Chevy's mid-engine Corvette and Hyundai's body-on-frame Boulder concept each earned a nod.
Jump to"
16,2026-04-03,"
            All products featured here are independently selected by our editors and writers. If you buy something through links on our site, Gizmodo may earn an affiliate commission.
          

                Reading time 6 minutes
      
Over-ear wireless headphones aren’t for everyone, but if you’re looking for killer sound and top-tier active noise cancellation (ANC), it’s often worth adding a bit of bulk to your personal audio experience. The problem is, where does one even start? There are lots of pairs in the world, and dropping upwards of $300 on wireless headphones is probably a daunting prospect for most.
As Gizmodo’s resident wireless headphones reviewer, I can tell you Apple and Bose aren’t bad places to start if you have the budgetâand it’s not just because of name-brand pedigree. Apple’s new AirPods Max 2 and Bose’s QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen) both have strengths, but with a significant difference in price point, there are some pros and cons to keep in mind. So, which pair of ANC deserves your hard-earned cash? Let’s break it down.
See AirPods Max 2 at Amazon
See Bose QuietComfort Ultra 2nd Gen at Amazon
Looks are probably one of the biggest differences between these two pairs of wireless headphones. While Bose’s QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen) are fairly benign in the design department, the AirPods Max 2 (which are unchanged from the original look) definitely have a large footprint on your head.
There’s no getting around it: AirPods Max 2 are big, and unlike the QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen), the earcups are metal, which gives them some weightâApple’s pair is 386g compared to Bose’s, which is about 264g. That’s a big difference. The ear cushions are also notably different, with Bose opting for memory foam pads covered by fake leather and Apple using a mesh cover with memory foam inside. Both are removable and replaceable.
There are functional design differences, too. The AirPods Max 2, for instance, have Apple’s “Digital Crown,” which is a scroll wheel on the top of the right earcup that can be spun to lower or increase volume or pressed down to play/pause or skip tracks. There’s also a pill-shaped button on the top-right earcup for switching between noise-cancellation modes.
The QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen), on the other hand, have a standard button on the right earcup for track skipping and play/pause and switching between noise cancellation modes, and then a touch-sensitive pad on the right earcup for controlling volume.
While I like Apple’s Digital Crown over Bose’s button combination, the AirPods Max design is a bit much for me. I personally vibe with something that’s lighter and less weight on my head. Though Apple does a good job of trying to mitigate the weight of the AirPods MaxÂ 2 with a mesh, lightweight headband, if I had to pick one pair to wear consistently, it would be Bose’s, even despite Apple’s slightly nicer buttons.
Let me start by saying that both pairs are known for their sound quality, so there isn’t a wrong choice here necessarilyânotice I wrote “necessarily.” That’s because while the $450 QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen) sound good, the AirPods Max 2 sound excellent. Sure, $550 is an astronomical sum to spend on a pair of wireless headphones, even for people willing to swallow the Apple premium, but there’s no denying that the AirPods Max 2 are some of the best-sounding over-ear wireless headphones I’ve put on my head. Period.
As a refresher, I compared the two wireless headphones back-to-back by listening to Pink Floyd’s “Fearless” all the way through, and the AirPods Max 2 do indeed outshine the Bose ANC headphones. The soundstage is bigger, and each frequency range just feels a little better represented. And for $100 more than the QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen), they ought to excel in the sound department. On top of that, the AirPods Max 2 also improve on the already great-sounding AirPods Max from 2024. I don’t know that you need to rush out and get AirPods Max 2 if you already have an older pair, but if sound is your biggest metric on a pair of headphones, it’s worth considering the Apple premium this time.
I think we can all acknowledge that while AirPods Max are known for having great sound, ANC, and transparency, the build is not a major selling point for most. The AirPods Max 2, like prior generations, are bulky, and while I wouldn’t call them uncomfortable, they just have a presence on your head. Bose’s QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen), on the other hand, are lightweight and form-fitting. They’re still wireless headphones, so they’re noticeable when you wear them, but nowhere near the same obnoxiousness as AirPods Max 2.
Bose puts comfort right in the name, in this case, and the inclusion feels earned. If you’re looking for a pair of wireless headphones that are fairly lightweight, comfy, and can be worn all day without fatiguing your head, then the QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen) are definitely the winner in this race.
Another benefit of over-ear wireless headphones is that they typically have longer battery life, and while neither of these pairs is breaking any records, they’re solid by most people’s standards. The QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen) do have a notable edge here, getting 30 hours with ANC on as opposed to AirPods Max 2, which get 20 hours with ANC activated.
Features, however, are a different story. Both pairs have spatial audio, adaptive ANC, and transparency modes, but Apple pulls ahead in some of these categories and expands the feature set beyond what Bose’s wireless headphones can do. One area where AirPods Max 2 are still excellent is transparency. QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen) have “Aware Mode,” which is solid, but the AirPods Max 2, like previous generations, still have the best transparency in town. Things just sound loads more natural.
On top of that, the AirPods Max 2 have some stuff that the QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen) don’t, such as Live Translation, which uses Apple Intelligence to translate languages in real time, and Conversation Awareness, which automatically quiets music when you speak so you can have a conversation without removing your headphones.
Because both have an edge in their respective departments, I’m going to have to call this one a tie, though, depending on what you value in a pair of wireless headphones, your opinion will differ.
In this case, I’ve saved the most competitive category for last. While I’ve been championing the Bose QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen) as my favorite pair of ANC headphones since I first reviewed them in October 2025, they appear to have finally met a more-than-worthy competitor in the AirPods Max 2. ANC was one of the biggest selling points of Apple’s newest pair of wireless headphones (they’re allegedly 1.5x better at noise-cancelling than the previous generation), and after using them myself, I can tell you that it’s not just marketing.
The AirPods Max 2 rival the QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen) in the ANC department, and sometimes maybe even feel a little bit better. Both wireless headphones are beasts against super noisy environments like the subway, and while I haven’t tested the AirPods Max 2 on a plane, I wouldn’t think twice about relying on them to drown out crying babies and the like. Having used the QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen) on a plane, I can tell you for certain that they’re formidable.
Ultimately, though, without frequency charts and specialized equipment at my disposal, the ANC competition may be too close to call. The bottom line is that if you’re looking to cancel a ton of noise, you’ll most likely be pleased with either pair.
These are two of the best pairs of wireless headphones I’ve tried in recent memory, and if you’re in the market for something premium that comes with great sound and great ANC, you can’t go wrong. With that said, Apple’s AirPods Max 2âdespite being ridiculously expensiveâhave a notable edge in one of the most important categories (if not theÂ most important category) a pair ofwirelessÂ  headphones can excel in: sound.
For $100 more, you’ll get ANC that rivals the Bose QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen) with a significant sound improvement and more features. If you can forgive the heft and the price, the AirPods Max 2 are a winner, even if the haters tell you you’re just an Apple fanboy. For those without budget constraints, the AirPods Max 2 are the way to go, and for everyone else, Bose’s QuietComfort Ultra Headphones (2nd Gen) are a premium option that you won’t have to take out a home loan for.
See AirPods Max 2 at Amazon
See Bose QuietComfort Ultra 2nd Gen at Amazon
Explore more on these topics

  Share this story


        Subscribe and interact with our community, get up to date with our customised Newsletters and much more.
      

          Wednesdayâs security update for iOS 18 users is an unusual move by Apple
        

          It was a very packed month for new Apple products, but we also got some notable new gadgets from Sonos, Nintendo, Asus ROG, and even Ikea.
        

          Iran says it will target Apple, Google, and Microsoft, among others.
        

          The AirPods Max 2 might feel familiar, but they take two of the most important things about wireless headphones and knock them out of the park.
        

          Vibe coding apps reportedly keep running afoul of an App Store guideline called ""Guideline 2.5.2.""
        

          Just make sure you have quality editing software that can handle 360 video.
        
Â©2026 GIZMODO USA LLC.
All rights reserved."
17,2026-04-03,"
                                              Every time Aditi publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                                          
Enter your email


                                              By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
                                              Terms of Service and
                                              Privacy Policy.
                                            
An executive of one of Pop Mart's biggest competitors said there is a recipe for making a ""golden"" character like Labubu.
Miniso, a Chinese lifestyle company, is the force behind Top Toy, a company that makes blind boxes. Its intellectual property characters include YoYo, a little figure with a tilted head, as well as IP collaborations with Sanrio, Disney, and Chiikawa.
Robin Liu, Miniso's marketing chief, said IPs like Labubu have driven a rise in interest in collectibles.
""To win many fans or achieve commercial success, an IP must have strong recognizability and uniqueness — not look generic,"" Liu told Business Insider. ""Look at Pop Mart: Molly's pout, Labubu's nine teeth, Cry Baby's big tears. All have clear characteristics.""
""Strong recognizability from the start is crucial, like a singer's voice being memorable,"" Liu said.
He said IPs often have short life cycles of three to five months, but some elements help extend their relevance. These include frequent launches of new collections within the IP and maintaining a degree of scarcity in the secondhand market.
""For our own IP YoYo, the initial launches sold strongly and many channels requested more supply, but IP managers may hold back to maintain scarcity and secondhand premiums,"" Liu said. ""We won't overproduce just because sales are hot. We may wait for the next generation with new themes and designs to keep products fresh.""
And lastly, he said, conducting physical pop-ups was important to get the word out about the product and let customers see it. Miniso has several concept stores called Miniso Land in China and around the world.
Top Toy is a growing business for Miniso. In its latest quarter, the toy spinoff earned sales of $80.7 million, an increase of 111% from the same period the year before. Miniso's total quarterly sales were about $814.3 million.
As of September, Miniso had 7,830 stores globally, with over 3,400 located outside China.
The company relies on a fast product development pipeline. Every week, staff go through 10,000 prototypes, narrowing it down to a list of the top 100 products to roll out into the market, Liu said.
Collectables like Labubu have skyrocketed in popularity in recent years, as Gen Z veers away from big-ticket items toward small luxury purchases.
Labubu has enjoyed more than a year of viral success, with its toys being highly popular among ""kidults"" — adult toy collectors, who buy them as emotional support objects. Liu said Miniso was working to keep this consumer group hooked.
""We predict big-toy markets — adult collectibles and children's toys — both have large growth potential, with adult collectibles expected to grow faster,"" he said.
Other toys, such as Jellycat, Smiskis, and Sonny Angels, have experienced similar demand. Particularly hot in the toy industry are blind boxes, which are toys sold in packaging that keeps the toy hidden, adding an element of surprise during unboxing.
Miniso is now looking to expand its business in the US. It already has about 350 stores in the country, Liu said, and the plan is to expand beyond 500 stores.
Jump to"
18,2026-04-03,"
                                              Every time Pete publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                                          
Enter your email


                                              By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
                                              Terms of Service and
                                              Privacy Policy.
                                            
Jet fuel prices have surged faster than oil since the Iran war began, meaning the next flight you book will likely be more expensive than you're used to.
After labor, fuel costs are typically airlines' largest expenditure. Plus, unlike their European counterparts, major US carriers do not use financial derivatives to hedge against fuel prices, leaving them more exposed to volatility.
Data shared by S&P Global Platts with Business Insider shows how jet fuel prices are outpacing oil prices, causing a big headache for airlines.
The S&P data tracks two key benchmarks for jet fuel: Jet CIF NWE Cargo, which reflects the price of fuel delivered by ship into northwestern Europe, and Jet Kero 54 USGC Prompt Pipeline, for fuel moving through the US from the Gulf Coast.
Since February 27, the day before the war started, they have risen 120% and 82%, respectively.
Meanwhile, Brent Crude oil futures have increased about 50% over the same period, to over $100 a barrel.
This widening crack spread — the difference between the crude oil and the refined jet fuel — shows why the war poses huge risks for aviation.
S&P's data also shows that Spot Dated Brent, the physical benchmark for immediate oil delivery, has doubled in price to $141 a barrel.
Airlines have responded with a spate of measures, but some are more affected than others.
""This will be the first time with a pretty sudden fuel shock that we as an industry will go through it with no one with fuel hedges,"" Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian said at a JP Morgan conference last month, referring to US airlines.
Delta also owns an oil refinery in Pennsylvania. However, Bastian said: ""It's not going to cover the crack entirely, but gives us a fairly significant hedge.""
On Friday, United Airlines hiked bag fees by $10, after JetBlue raised them on Monday.
At the same conference last month, United CEO Scott Kirby said the airline aims this year to ""fully offset the increase in fuel prices.""
Kirby suggested that strong demand this year means that United might be able to raise airfares without losing too many customers.
Deutsche Bank data from Monday shows the average US cross-country flight costs about 50% more than a year ago, when booked 21 days in advance. 
In Europe, most airlines use financial derivatives to hedge against fuel costs. For example, Ryanair has locked in 80% of its jet fuel at a lower price until next March, CEO Michael O'Leary told Sky News on Wednesday. The budget airline boss also said bookings were healthy because more Europeans were choosing Spring vacations closer to home.
But the Lufthansa Group, Europe's biggest by revenue, said Tuesday it was considering canceling unprofitable routes and retiring some older airplanes ahead of schedule, citing the ""highly volatile"" geopolitical environment and ""market fluctuations.""
""Demand for travel remains high, even though ticket price increases have already been implemented,"" it added.
Scandinavian Airlines, which last year suspended its hedging program, said it would cancel about 1,000 flights this month due to ""a sharp rise in jet fuel prices.""
Jump to"
19,2026-04-03,"
                                              Every time Ellen publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                                          
Enter your email


                                              By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
                                              Terms of Service and
                                              Privacy Policy.
                                            
From the coming SpaceX IPO excitement to Nvidia's foray into space computing, data centers in space have become the tech industry's new favorite talking point.
The space economy could become a $1.8 trillion opportunity by 2035, according to consulting firm McKinsey and Company. At the same time, while some major companies are ready to spend billions launching GPU-loaded satellites into orbit, not everyone on this planet is buying in yet.
Tech leaders like SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, and Google CEO Sundar Pichai are framing data centers in space as a cost-effective solution to AI's insatiable appetite for resources, such as land and power.
""Global electricity demand for AI simply cannot be met with terrestrial solutions, even in the near term, without imposing hardship on communities and the environment,"" Musk wrote in a February post on SpaceX's website.
Proponents of data centers in space make a simple case. Space data centers can get free power from the sun and don't have to pay for real estate — and best of all, both resources are unlimited.
""I mean, space is called 'space' for a reason,"" Musk wrote on the company site, adding in a laughing-crying emoji.
Critics wary of data centers in space say the endeavor is far more technically complicated, cumbersome, and expensive than it might appear. OpenAI CEO Sam Altman has also called the idea ""ridiculous.""
""It's a very wild idea,"" said Kathleen Curlee, a space economy research analyst at Georgetown's Center for Security and Emerging Technology.
""You could put a data center in space. It is not physically impossible,"" said Matthew Buckley, a theoretical physicist and associate professor at Rutgers University's department of physics and astronomy.
""I just don't see why you would,"" he added.
Musk isn't alone in his dreams of orbital data centers. Google's Project Suncatcher aims to deploy an AI data center in low Earth orbit by 2027.
Last month, Blue Origin, the space technology company founded by Bezos, asked the federal government for permission to launch a network of 50,000 solar-powered data center satellites into orbit.
In its application, Blue Origin wrote that moving data centers into space would help ease the pressure on US communities and natural resources from energy- and ""water-intensive compute.""
Earlier this month, Nvidia launched hardware for data centers in space. The company's CEO Jensen Huang said in February that the economics of data centers in space ""will improve.""
Investors can't seem to get enough of data centers in space either.
Seattle-based space data center startup Starcloud announced this week that it had reached a $1.1 billion valuation following a $170 million Series A round led by Benchmark and EQT Ventures.
Starcloud reached unicorn status faster than any other startup to ever come out of Y Combinator, the company said in a press release.
Robinhood cofounder Baiju Bhatt, who became a billionaire when the stock-trading app went public in 2021, began investing in space data centers in 2024. The Wall Street Journal reported that his space solar power company, Aetherflux, is raising a new round of funding at a $2 billion valuation.
Scientists cited a litany of obstacles that space-based data centers face.
Buckley, the theoretical physicist, estimated that every data center launched into space would require 450 football fields of solar panels to power it.
That alone could cost $10 billion per data center, he estimated, on top of an additional $10 billion to launch it into orbit — and that's not counting the cost of maintaining the data center in space.
Data center maintenance in space is a lot more complicated than maintenance on Earth, Curlee said.
""There's the issue of space debris — they could get hit with a fleck of paint,"" and sustain damage or go offline, she said.
Because of this, space data centers aren't meant to last very long — maybe a maximum of five years.
""At the end of the day, the amount it would take to get data centers into space isn't justifiable,"" she said. ""This is a long-term goal being presented as if it could be achieved in a couple of years.""
Jump to"
20,2026-04-03,
21,2026-04-03,"Samsung, Google, OnePlus, and Garmin are probably going to be your top choices if you're looking at a new smartwatch. However, there are solid alternatives at more affordable prices, like Motorola's Moto Watch Fit.
Not only does this watch look good, but it's also packed with robust features as well. The huge reason why this one is even being mentioned, though, is that it costs just $100. That's 50% off its usual retail price, which makes it an absolute steal. 
This watch features a large 1.9-inch AMOLED screen and the ability to track your health and wellness metrics. Perhaps the most impressive part is that this watch can last up to 16 days on a single charge. 
That's not something you'll get with a lot of smartwatches on the market right now. Of course, it's able to achieve this because it runs its own proprietary software. So, you won't be getting any apps from the Google Play Store here. 
However, we think that this watch can do everything you need it to. It can track up to 100 different activities, while also keeping you connected with notifications on the wrist. It's not the most exciting option, but it's a good option for just $100. 
Track your adventures with built-in GPS and enjoy up to 16 days of battery life on the stylish Moto Watch Fit, featuring a vibrant 1.9"" OLED display in a durable, water-resistant aluminum frame. "
22,2026-04-03,"Aldi is one of my go-to places to buy groceries as a solo shopper on a tight budget.
I also try to eat fairly nutritious meals and lots of fresh produce whenever I can. Fortunately, the German retailer's offerings help me do so without spending too much.
Here are some of my favorite Aldi buys as someone shopping for one.
Living in a city, I'm usually on the go or taking meetings at different spots. Sometimes that means sacrificing lunch at a normal time.
I love being able to take a small jar of cashews with me to grab at any point during the day when I'm not somewhere with any healthy options.
Cashews are typically quite pricey, but I can get this whole bag for under $10.
I absolutely love getting a Fresh Express chopped salad kit at Aldi for a workday lunch. I can take the whole bag with me and make a salad for both myself and a coworker with ease.
A bag costs just $3.65 and can feed two people, making it a well-priced lunch. 
I like taking the time to cook a couple more quality meals over the weekend, so I'll pick up some salmon, which is frequently under $10 per pound at Aldi.
I like tossing it with olive oil, lemon, and spices, then cooking it in the oven. The cost is reasonable, it's easy to make quickly, and it's delicious with some veggies.
I can usually get two or three meals out of what I buy, or I can have dinner with a friend. 
I can get these ginger shots for only $2, and they help me start my day off with a nice boost. Ginger, one of the key ingredients, is said to boost immune-system function and support digestion.
These small shots taste delicious, and they fit easily in my bag if I need to take them on the go.
This bag of pasta is one of my favorite items at Aldi, and it pairs well with so many different sauces.
At only about $2 per bag, I squeeze a lot of budget-friendly meals out of these.
One of my go-to lunches during the workweek is a ham-and-cheese sandwich. It's easy to put together quickly between meetings when I'm working from home.
Having low-cost sandwiches in my regular lunch rotation helps me stay within my monthly grocery budget.
This bread from Aldi is to die for. I slice it off as I go and warm it in the oven right before eating.
It takes my sandwiches to another level and can be a tasty breakfast option with butter and jam or an essential component of the meal for pasta night.
It's a steal at less than $5 a loaf.
To keep my meals varied, I alternate between ham and turkey sandwiches throughout the week.
Specially Selected Black Forest ham is delicious and is also nice to have on hand if I'm feeling a grilled ham-and-cheese sandwich in the colder months.
Healthy yet tasty snacks are hard to come by. I love grabbing some sugar snaps when I need a little something in my stomach and extra nutrients in my body. 
Plus, this snack is mess-free if you want to take it on the go. 
This is my go-to when my stomach is growling between lunch and dinner, and I need something healthy that actually sounds good. I eat a few scoops of this and drizzle some honey on top.
It feels like a bottomless snack because I eat this often, and yet it always seems there's more in the container. 
It's definitely a great value for something that fills me up, but is a lighter choice than many other snacks.
The extra-large Mama Cozzi's frozen pizza is giant and generously loaded with all my favorite toppings, like pepperoni and peppers. It either gives me leftovers for days or feeds a group when I have friends over.
I definitely get a lot for my dime on this one, since a whole pie is about $8.
These sweet-potato chips are lighter than normal chips and so delicious. 
They've been one of my favorite Aldi snacks for years and are the perfect side to my weekday sandwiches. Sometimes when I shop, I'll grab two bags since I go through them quickly.
I always keep a container of grape tomatoes on hand because I use them for so many things. I'll grab them to eat with hummus, make a pasta sauce, toss them in a salad, or just eat them solo as a snack.
They make it easy for me to incorporate fresh produce into my diet.
When I can find the waffle-cut sweet-potato fries from Season's Choice, I stock up. I can't believe how great these fries taste for the price — I've gotten 16-ounce bags for about $3.
I'll put these frozen fries in the oven for a quick side to a casual lunch or dinner. One bag lasts me a while.
I love a good salad for any meal, especially during the summer. I keep a range of salad dressings, produce, and toppings on hand so I can switch up the flavor.
Romaine gives my salads the perfect amount of texture and crunch, regardless of the type I'm making. I always have this in my fridge.
Strawberries never go to waste in my home because I have so many things I can make with them. 
I use them in my banana smoothies and overnight oats. Sometimes, I just slice up the berries and drizzle them with honey.
During the summer, I can get a 1-pound carton for about $2 or $3.  
Click to keep reading Aldi diaries like this one.
This story was originally published on August 16, 2021, and most recently updated on April 3, 2026.
Jump to

            Every time a new Aldi Diaries story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
        
Enter your email


            By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
            Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy.
          "
23,2026-04-03,"Craig Mundie, a former Microsoft executive, said artificial intelligence is no longer just a tool — it's becoming something closer to an independent intelligence, with consequences that could reshape society.
Across a series of interviews with Business Insider, Mundie and four other former leaders from OpenAI, Google, DeepMind, and the White House described a future where AI systems grow more capable, more autonomous, and harder to control.
Their warnings converge on the idea that this technology is advancing faster than society can manage it.
Within the coming years, they said, AI could transform labor markets, concentrate power, and introduce new risks — from cyberattacks to autonomous weapons — while also offering breakthroughs in medicine and education.
Ultimately, the outcome — for better or worse — depends on how humans choose to deploy it, they say.
Mo Gawdat, a former chief business officer at Google, said AI could replace jobs in less than five years, starting with intellectual work and eventually extending to physical labor.
""You will have AI's agency in the real world, where they actually can carry things and move things and replace every job,"" Gawdat said. ""The intellectual jobs and then the blue-collar jobs.""
Camille Stewart Gloster, who served as the White House deputy national cyber director from 2022 to 2024, said companies are already restructuring work. Tasks like early research and document review are shrinking, reshaping what entry-level roles look like.
She described the labor market shifting from a pyramid shape with many entry-level roles to a diamond shape with more roles concentrated in the middle tiers.
That transition could leave workers behind. Stewart Gloster said some companies are cutting jobs before understanding what skills they will need next, calling the move premature.
Daniel Kokotajlo, a former OpenAI researcher, said the shift may not be gradual. Instead, AI systems could ""come smashing through all at once,"" automating large parts of the economy in a short period.
Ramana Kumar, a former DeepMind research scientist, said modern AI systems are designed to be convincing, not necessarily truthful. That makes them useful, but also risky.
Kokotajlo added that even today's systems lack reliable controls, noting they can produce misleading information despite being trained not to.
The concern grows as systems gain autonomy.
Future AI could integrate vast amounts of information in ways humans cannot, giving it a unique advantage in solving complex problems, Mundie said.
That capability could unlock major advances. Mundie pointed to healthcare as one of the most immediate areas of impact, where AI could determine the root cause of diseases by analyzing entire systems of the human body rather than narrow specialties.
""You don't have to ask the same question to 10 specialists,"" Mundie said. ""The machine does that for you.""
Still, the same power creates new vulnerabilities. Stewart Gloster warned that generative AI can scale cyber threats, making phishing attacks more convincing and easier to produce.
""They can also use generative AI to find out a lot about you and really tailor their communications very quickly to cause you harm and to get information from you,"" Steward Gloster said.
Several experts pointed to competition between companies and countries as a key driver of risk.
AI labs and governments are racing to build more powerful systems quickly, which could lead to widespread deployment of superintelligent AI before safety measures are in place, Kokotajlo said.
""I think that this race pressure will cause the leaders of these countries and the leaders of these companies to aggressively deploy their superintelligences into the economy and also into the military,"" he said.
Another concern is concentration of power, Kumar said. The organizations that control data centers and models could hold disproportionate influence over how AI is used and deployed.
That dynamic makes regulation difficult. Stewart Gloster — who advises policymakers, industry leaders, and global organizations on matters of technology, cybersecurity, and national security — added that governments are still figuring out what rules are needed, while companies themselves are uncertain about the skills and systems they should prioritize.
Despite the risks, the experts described potential benefits that could reshape daily life.
In particular, AI could act as a constant tutor, making education more accessible, Mundie said. It could also accelerate scientific discovery, climate research, and medical treatment.
Some envision a future where work becomes less central.
Kumar said AI could reduce the need for long hours, freeing people to spend time elsewhere — though that would require changes to how income and economic systems function.
Ultimately, Gawdat framed the outcome as a choice: Applied well, AI could lead to a more abundant society; applied poorly, it could deepen inequality, erode trust, and concentrate power.
""The technologies are oftentimes neutral,"" Mundie said. ""It's what people do with them that makes the difference.""
AI may become the most powerful system humans have built. What happens next depends less on the machines themselves and more on the people shaping them.
Jump to"
24,2026-04-03,"
                                    Every time Alistair publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                                
Enter your email


                                    By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
                                    Terms of Service and
                                    Privacy Policy.
                                  
Parker Jones, a Cal Poly software engineering student, didn't set out to challenge his professors. Now, that's effectively what he's doing.
After interviewing more than 50 fellow students about how they use AI tools like ChatGPT, Jones came away with a clear conclusion: students are moving faster than the faculty meant to teach them.
What he found on campus sharply contrasts with the dominant narrative pushed by universities and, often, professors themselves.
While headlines fixate on cheating and misuse, Jones found that most students use AI in more mundane, practical ways, such as a ""24/7 office hours"" assistant. They ask follow-up questions, clarify confusing lectures, organize assignments, and refine their thinking. It's less about shortcuts and more about staying in the flow of learning, according to findings he published recently on OpenAI's ChatGPT for Education blog.
Yet despite how widespread and normalized this behavior has become, many professors remain hesitant, silent, or openly skeptical, says Jones, a former member of OpenAI's student lab program, which brings undergraduates together to discuss how they're using ChatGPT.
""The most common thing is not addressing it,"" he told me in a recent interview.
When AI does come up, it's often framed negatively. That disconnect creates a strange dynamic where students rely heavily on tools they feel they're not supposed to talk about, he said.
For Jones, institutional inertia is the real problem, rather than AI misuse. He expected computer science professors, in particular, to lead the charge. Instead, he found many lagging behind, waiting for clearer rules or more research before integrating AI into their teaching.
""There's a sort of tendency in the academia space to wait and get things right. And I think that's well intended,"" he said. ""I think it's also causing us to miss the moment.""
Cal Poly spokesman Matt Lazier said the college offers an AI and machine learning concentration within its computer science and software engineering major, supported by expanding initiatives from the Noyce School of Applied Computing.
These include a coming Nvidia-powered Advanced AI Factory and a new data science bachelor's program launching in Fall 2027. Events like PolyPrompt also reinforce hands-on AI learning.
AI is also integrated across disciplines, co-curricular programs, and other efforts, providing students with broad, practical exposure to AI technologies, ethics, and real-world applications, he added.
Still, Jones's concerns were echoed recently in another interview I did, this time with Kiran Maya Sheikh, who graduated in June 2025 from UC Irvine with a degree in computer science. She said she was taught programming languages and other software development and deployment skills, but AI tools were not on the curriculum.
Other recent graduates have previously spoken with Business Insider about unique challenges they face in the tech job market, such as AI upending the workplace.
""With AI in particular, I felt like I graduated a bit too early,"" Sheikh told me.
With limited official curriculum support, students are teaching themselves and each other how to use new AI tools, Jones said. He described how he introduced AI coding tools, such as OpenAI's Codex, to classmates during a senior project, dramatically improving their output.
That kind of bottom-up adoption is happening across campuses, largely without formal guidance, he told me.
Jones isn't arguing for abandoning fundamentals or blindly embracing AI. In fact, many students he spoke with are cautious about overreliance on AI. But he believes universities should meet students where they are: already using these tools, already experimenting, already adapting.
His message to professors is simple: catch up, or at least join the conversation. Right now, students are navigating one of the biggest technological shifts in education largely on their own.
Sign up for BI's Tech Memo newsletter here. Reach out to me via email at abarr@businessinsider.com.
Jump to"
25,2026-04-03,"
                                              Every time Melia publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
                                          
Enter your email


                                              By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
                                              Terms of Service and
                                              Privacy Policy.
                                            
The billable hour has long powered Big Law's profits. Now, one law firm leader says artificial intelligence is putting that model under pressure.
Law firms are spending heavily on new tech as clients demand legal work faster and at lower cost. As software takes over more routine tasks, Michael Gerstenzang, the former longtime managing partner of Cleary Gottlieb, told Business Insider that firms will gradually move away from billing by the hour and toward pricing based more on speed and results.
The shift could also erode Big Law's traditional advantages of scale and staffing, he noted, opening the door for smaller, tech-savvy firms to compete.
""Clients aren't going to continue to pay first and second year associates these very high rates for due diligence,"" Gerstenzang said, if rival firms can do it better and cheaper with software.
In January, Gerstenzang ended a nine-year run as managing partner of Cleary Gottlieb, a white-shoe law firm of 1,100 lawyers. Through three terms at the helm, he guided the firm to over $1.7 billion in gross revenue and spun out a subsidiary that uses technology to handle routine legal work. His new role as a senior partner puts him closer to his firm's tech and innovation initiatives.
For decades, elite corporate law firms have relied on armies of associates and the billable hour to sustain high profit margins. The model bases pricing on a number of factors, including the hours logged to get the job done. ""It creates a kind of incentive for inefficiency,"" Gerstenzang said.
He sees AI as the force most likely to change that. Routine work like M&A due diligence, he said, can be done better with software that can comb through data rooms and search for substance, not just keywords. He explains that his firm's tech-driven subsidiary, ClearyX, performs this work for about half the cost of traditional junior associates.
More importantly, he said the work is higher quality because, as he put it, ""technology doesn't get tired, doesn't get distracted.""
Cleary Gottlieb rolled out software from Legora, a fast-growing legal-tech startup, firmwide last year. The company's software can help lawyers review documents, compare contracts, perform research, and draft briefs. Cleary Gottlieb has also purchased a smaller number of rival Harvey's software licenses, among other tools for specialized practice areas.
Ultimately, clients want problems solved, and risks managed, and the hours a lawyer spends at a desk are no longer the right measuring stick for that output.
Gerstenzang believes the traditional billable hour will be replaced by a new market norm that emphasizes actual outcomes. Cleary Gottlieb is already using fixed fees and a subscription model for certain types of work. And while there is a lot of industry hand-wringing about what exactly replaces the hourly model, he dismissed the panic. ""It's not like the laws of physics,"" he said.
Law firms, he noted, that don't figure out how to execute the routine work better, faster, and cheaper using technology will find clients simply take that work elsewhere. He's seen it before.
In his second or third year as managing partner, a private equity firm and ""serial acquirer"" that routinely hired Cleary Gottlieb told the firm it was taking its due diligence work to a smaller, cheaper shop. Worried that other firms would siphon more work over time, Gerstenzang pitched his executive committee an idea: ""Let's imagine the business that puts Cleary Gottlieb out of business, and then let's build that.""
Cleary X is a non-law firm entity that offers lower-cost due diligence and contract review. Since its launch in 2022, it's grown to about 40 people who have worked on hundreds of corporate matters. The team uses a mix of off-the-shelf tools and custom software.
Building on that momentum, early last year, Cleary Gottlieb bought a small software developer, Springbok AI — a rare move for a law firm. The ""acqui-hire,"" as Gerstenzang put it, added 10 data scientists and engineers to its staff.
For years, scale has been a major advantage in corporate law. The biggest firms could throw huge teams of lawyers at deals and justify the cost. But as software absorbs more of that labor, Gerstenzang said, smaller firms may be able to compete for work that once belonged almost entirely to the giants.
He pointed to litigation as a preview. Over the last two decades, technology has helped litigation boutiques challenge much larger firms by reducing the need for expensive law libraries and other overhead. He thinks corporate law could be next.
""We're going to have some new players that are not behemoths, but are the Davids versus the Goliaths,"" he said, ""and they're going to be very successful.""
Have a tip? Contact this reporter via email at mrussell@businessinsider.com or Signal at @MeliaRussell.01. Use a personal email address and a non-work device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.
Jump to"
26,2026-04-03,"In November 2019, my husband and I were looking to buy a house bigger and better than our starter home. Our first place had been a beloved space to start our family, but with three young sons, we'd outgrown it.
After navigating the hot housing market in our Cincinnati suburb, we ended up with a four-bedroom home in a family-friendly neighborhood and 2.5% rate on a 30-year mortgage.
We had no idea we'd likely never see such a sweet rate again, or how lucky we'd been to have moved to a bigger space right before the pandemic would leave us stuck at home for months on end with a bunch of little kids.
We also didn't know our family wouldn't always be that size, and we'd think about moving again a few years later.
Unfortunately, our once-in-a-lifetime rate has left us feeling stuck. Now, we're working with what we've got.
For a few years, we were quite happy in our house — but then three kids became four, which became five. Eventually, we had seven people and the dog living in this space.
By the time we began looking to move into a place with more space, rates had risen back from the historic lows. We've yet to see a rate comparable to what we got in 2019.
Rates for a 30-year mortgage fell below 6% earlier this year for the first time since the fall of 2022, but that's still too high for us. 
Every few months, my husband and I check the interest rates again, calculate what a mortgage for a slightly bigger house, maybe one with a pool, would look like.
Then, we look at each other with big eyes — to add a few bedrooms and, most importantly, forgo our sweetest of sweet interest rate, we'd look at doubling our mortgage from about $2,300 a month to over $4,000.
If the rates were even close to what we'd paid in 2019, we'd likely be able to justify moving and budget for the monthly payment on a bigger space. For now, we just can't do it.
So, instead of Zillow, we turn back to our own space to see how we could make the most of it.
A few years ago, we glanced around a ""bonus room"" upstairs, and back to the two bickering preteens trying to kick each other out of their shared room, and had an answer.
We added a bedroom, which wasn't as expensive as I'd feared because we only needed to install a fourth wall and a closet.
For a while, we lived in peace with everyone able to spread out a bit more. Then, the backup was the laundry mountain, which largely hung out on the couch since it didn't fit into the tiny laundry ""room.""
So, we glanced around at an extra little garage that held a few bikes and lots of junk, cleaned it out, and converted it to an epic laundry room.
There are now two washers, two dryers, lots of counter space, and lockers for each kid to have a ""drop zone."" This room alone would make me reconsider ever wanting to move, regardless of our interest-rate dilemma. I love it.
Once we got momentum from those two bigger remodels, we looked to smaller spaces. The bottom of the coat closet? Great for a kid with a blanket who wants a ""hideout"" where they can read or play on an iPad in peace, away from siblings.
The basement? A large playroom where we can shut the door and not worry too much if a kickball hits the unfinished walls.
I never knew that a mortgage rate would be the reason we considered a place our forever home, but that's exactly what happened.
Though we've become quite savvy at using every corner — and I do mean every corner — there are days when it still feels like we could use more space.
For example, the home office needs much more room for my business projects, another pair of kids complains about sharing a room every few years, and we struggle to create enough seating whenever we host a get-together. 
However, it's character-building and a bonding experience to figure out how to live together, deal with a sibling who's too close by, and handle other small inconveniences for financial safety.
Unless anything major changes with mortgage rates or our budget, we'll continue making this space work for us. 
Jump to"
27,2026-04-03,"""It's got good bones,"" the seller said, as if he had to sell it to me.
He didn't. We both knew I was already in love with the house.
For some, a kitchen that hasn't been touched since 1948 would be a total gut renovation, but I'm enamored by the pale green cabinetry, original wallpaper still intact, and hardwood floors that need little more than a good waxing. The seller and I stood in the living room while my husband refereed the kids' fight over bedrooms, and I pictured mornings with coffee on the sunporch. It's a forever home material, and we can almost afford it.
Almost.
When the seller accepted my verbal offer, my heart leaped into my throat. I looked him in the eye and said, with complete confidence, ""We'll make it happen.""
The truth was, I had absolutely no idea how we'd pay for it.
Early in our marriage, my husband had a stable career making six figures, with benefits and health insurance. His income gave me the freedom to build a life as a freelance writer and writing coach. A generous gift from his father helped us buy our first home.
Then, almost at the same time I sold a book, my husband was let go from his job, and our roles reversed overnight. He picked up consulting projects when they came along, but for the most part, we survived on my earnings. Some months worked beautifully. Others, we waited anxiously for invoices to clear while maxing out credit cards on groceries and gas.
Financial insecurity chips away at the image I have of us: educated adults who know how to pay bills, file taxes, and make responsible choices. When the numbers stop working, I'm thrust back into childhood — years of food scarcity and housing instability, living in my grandmother's basement, dreaming of a real home that never materialized.
About a year ago, we made a move that seemed, at least temporarily, like a solution. We relocated to Nyack to be closer to my son's private school. Instead of selling our family home, we turned it into an Airbnb. It was a surprisingly good financial decision. Over the course of the year, we earned about $50,000 — enough to cover our bills and keep everything moving forward.
Living in temporary housing took a toll on us, and Airbnb income was unpredictable. This past winter, bookings were slow. Once again, our credit cards were approaching their limits. We decided to sell our family home and downsize.
Around this same time, our town began cracking down on short-term rentals, shutting down the business that had kept us afloat. That's when we dipped into our retirement account. We pulled $20,000 from our IRA — something we had somehow managed to avoid until then.
We used the money to pay off the credit cards and catch up on the mortgage.
My biggest fear is letting our children down and putting them through what I experienced as a kid. When financial troubles arise, a quiet panic creeps in. A voice whispers, you're not doing life right. You're supposed to be more stable by now. Retirement savings are supposed to be sacred. The adult thing to do is leave them alone and let them grow.
But the adult thing is also keeping oneself and one's children housed and fed.
Having an IRA to draw from feels both humbling and miraculous. Like the second financial gift from my father-in-law, or the winter I was awarded a generous grant for writers with medical expenses, it reminds me that survival is always a mix of luck, strategy, and stubborn work.
I didn't doubt our house would sell quickly. But even with that equity, the best we could afford in Nyack was at the bottom of the market. Our sublet was up June 1, and we didn't have money to throw away on another rental. We were searching for the cheapest house in a competitive town, on a tight timeline. Sitting down with a real estate agent, going over our numbers, I realized the math wasn't mathing. Fighting back tears, I said, ""I feel like my luck has run out.""
The real estate agent listened quietly and said something simple: ""I don't think luck runs out.""
I decided to believe her.
Then this house appeared.
For years, I thought stability meant never needing help, never touching retirement, never falling behind. But that's not how most lives work. Stability, it turns out, is patched together from whatever holds: a gift from a parent, a well-paying freelance assignment, a house that ""has good bones,"" a sentimental seller more interested in finding someone to love it than taking the highest offer.
By the grace of something—timing, stubbornness, creative accounting—we managed to qualify for a mortgage. Our neighbors generously offered us a bridge loan to use as the deposit. When the seller wouldn't accept an offer contingent on the sale of our house, our IRA came to the rescue: in real estate, an IRA or 401(k) counts as ""liquid assets"" if you're willing to liquidate them, and so we were able to use those funds toward the down payment.
By the time you read this, I hope to be in contract. But if this house doesn't work out, something else will. I don't know how, but we always find a way.
Jump to"
28,2026-04-03,"In Taiwan, Panasonic's Deco Lite series of light switches are ubiquitous.

They're so ubiquitous that Taiwanese manufacturer Switch Papa finds them boring. They've thus designed this Piko line of switches that fit over the Deco Lite, switching them back to lever-style rather than rocker-style.



The installation method is low-tech, and sticker-based, no wiring required:
 
While the company initially came out with the plastic design you see above, they've announced they're expanding into wood:
 






The wooden switches will, they say, be on the market ""shortly."" 

Test it out; it only takes a single click to unsubscribe
We partner with teams to deliver fresh thinking and award winning products for passionate audiences....
Proportion is a boutique design agency delivering concept-driven brands & environments that are wort...
RKS is an award-winning global product design firm and innovation consultancy specializing in indust...
MILIVOJA is an industrial design, engineering, and prototyping company.

It introduces a rather inno...
Aruliden is a global design agency born in 2006. We are a collection of people who care deeply about...
Y Studios is an award-winning Industrial Design and Research consultancy in San Francisco with exten...
Hardware product design is a high risk business - unless you have a design partner who has done it s...

Don't have an account? Join Now
Create a Core77 Account
Already have an account? Sign In

        By creating a Core77 account you confirm that you accept the Terms of Use

Please enter your email and we will send an email to reset your password.
Test it out; it only takes a single click to unsubscribe"
29,2026-04-03,"""AMD GPUs provide more value to the average gamer"" — for years, this has been the consensus among reviewers and the larger online community. And it makes sense. AMD does offer more performance and VRAM per dollar than Nvidia in general. Except for high-end shoppers who have no choice but to buy Nvidia, AMD GPUs have been the better choice for the vast majority of gamers. With the latest RX 90 series cards, AMD has even made strides in ray tracing performance, and its FSR stack now handily competes with DLSS. Old complaints with respect to drivers and thermals have also been resolved, but Nvidia still enjoys the lion's share of the market. 15 years ago, AMD sold almost 50% of the GPUs on the market; today, that figure has dropped to a mere 5%. Gamers continue to favor Team Green overwhelmingly, but what exactly are the reasons behind it?
NVIDIA's ecosystem became about much more than silicon, years ago.
Whatever your opinions about Nvidia, you can't deny that the company enjoys much greater top-of-the-mind recall than AMD when it comes to gaming GPUs. This dominant mindshare has been built over decades of superiority in terms of performance, features, and reliability. Nvidia is a juggernaut, and has access to greater resources, higher marketing budgets, and tighter integration with game developers (GameWorks). It can afford large-scale marketing campaigns, sponsor many more titles, and throw its weight around the industry in general. And it's not just marketing that's behind Team Green's leadership in the GPU space, whether consumer or enterprise.
Between the two GPU brands, Nvidia was the first mover, at least on the 3D graphics scene. From launching the ""world's first GPU"" and the CUDA architecture for parallel programming to the iconic Pascal lineup, and bringing real-time ray tracing to games with the Turing GPUs, Nvidia has been at the cutting edge of GPU computing. ATI, and later AMD, have always been chasing Nvidia, except occasionally in the 2000s when its GPUs surpassed those of Nvidia's in performance. Due to Nvidia's image as being the needle mover in the GPU industry, its landmark campaigns like #RTXOn, and long periods of little competition, it has managed to make itself synonymous with GPUs.
The enthusiast crowd may pore over performance-per-dollar charts for days, but the average consumer makes their decision based on what they already know. Nvidia is the default option for the majority of customers. They will even go out of their way to buy an inferior card just because the box says ""Nvidia"" instead of ""AMD."" Nvidia's massive success in the data center market has also helped its image in the consumer market, convincing gamers that it is indeed ""the way it's meant to be played"".
AMD isn't as far behind as Nvidia fans make it seem
There was a time, specifically during the Vega and the RX 5000 era, when AMD's driver stability lagged way behind that of Nvidia. Many users faced black screens, crashes, and limited performance on their AMD GPUs that were directly linked to unstable drivers. Then, there were the infamous complaints about AMD's overheating GPUs with the Radeon R9 and Vega series. Thermal efficiency officially left the chat, as these GPUs frequently hovered near 100℃ during load. All of this used to happen a decade ago, but AMD's reputation as the producer of unreliable ""room heaters"" proved hard to shake, even after the company all but resolved both issues with its modern graphics cards.
This reputation keeps a huge section of gamers from returning to AMD after experiencing these issues first-hand. Others rely on word-of-mouth from friends and fellow users online who warn them against buying AMD GPUs. Despite claims of unstable drivers being a thing of the past, wrong advice repeated over and over keeps new users from choosing AMD over Nvidia. To be fair, AMD's more recent reputation of ""never missing an opportunity to miss an opportunity"" is somewhat valid. The company has repeatedly failed to capitalize on market gaps and favorable conditions, snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. It hasn't priced its recent offerings well enough for gamers to switch, and has inexplicably launched key competitive features. These recent fumbles make it harder for the average gamer to ignore even the outdated claims against AMD's GPUs, pushing them to the relative safety of Nvidia cards.
AMD already has a worthy candidate for local AI, but most people don't know it
Nvidia debuted its Deep Learning Super Sampling (DLSS) technology alongside its RTX 2000 series graphics cards in 2018. What was initially an upscaling technique to compensate for the performance penalty on the first-gen RTX cards, evolved to encompass a host of other techniques like frame generation, ray reconstruction, and anti-aliasing (DLAA). AMD took three more years to come up with its own upscaler in the form of FidelityFX Super Resolution (FSR) in 2021, which, for the longest time, remained firmly behind DLSS in terms of image quality and performance. Even with the launch of FSR 3 in late 2023, which brought frame generation into the mix, AMD's software stack was universally panned for being a generation behind that of Nvidia's. 
FSR 3.1 in mid-2024 was the first major update from AMD that looked truly promising. It massively improved temporal stability and reduced artifacts like shimmering and flickering that plagued FSR 3 and previous versions. It also decoupled frame generation from upscaling, allowing gamers to use the two techniques independently. However, DLSS 3 remained superior in image quality and performance. Even when FSR 4 all but closed the gap with DLSS 4, Nvidia's DLSS 4.5 pulled ahead once again, especially in ray-traced scenarios. The newest addition to AMD's upscaler, i.e., FSR Redstone, is a great leap forward, matching DLSS 4.5 in image quality. However, its ray regeneration performance still feels a generation behind that of Nvidia's.
Nvidia's first-mover advantage, consistent development of new features, and universal game adoption have ensured DLSS keeps the lead against AMD's FSR technology. AMD has finally integrated ML-powered frame generation, ray regeneration, and radiance caching with FSR Redstone, but it's too soon to say whether this version will finally beat DLSS. AMD's reluctance to support older-generation GPUs and the lack of game support right now are major blockers to the broad adoption of its FSR suite. 
FSR Redstone's second showing has been... unimpressive
There was a time when AMD and Nvidia shared the GPU market evenly, and Team Red held around a 30% market share for many years after that. However, since 2020, AMD has been on a steady decline, as Nvidia GPUs continue to rule the charts. Today, 95% of all GPU sales belong to Nvidia, and AMD struggles to communicate its value proposition to old and new PC gamers alike. That said, AMD can absolutely make a comeback if it gets its act together. The industry needs more competition, not less, and AMD is key to that future.
We want to hear from you! Share your opinions in the thread below and remember to keep it respectful.
Your comment has not been saved
This thread is open for discussion.
Be the first to post your thoughts.
"
30,2026-04-03,"  No fees, cancel anytime 

Log In
or

Sign Up
or


Reset your password
Enter your email address or username and we’ll send you a link to reset your password
Check your inbox
 An email with a link to reset your password was sent to the email address associated with your account 
Provide email
Please enter your email to complete registration

Activate to continue
Your account isn't active yet. We've emailed you an activation link. Please check your inbox and click the link to activate your account


The Bored Panda iOS app is live! Fight boredom with iPhones and iPads here.
 Join 1.2 million Panda readers who get the best art, memes, and fun stories every week! 
P.S. It's 100% free, unsubscribe anytime.
You're on the list! Expect to receive your first email very soon!
 Get our best stories, memes and art every week. Join a thriving community and brighten your day! 
We value your inbox – it's 100% free, and you can unsubscribe anytime with one click.
 Warning: Don’t open them in a funeral unless you want to laugh uncontrollably 
We value your inbox – it's 100% free, and you can unsubscribe anytime with one click.
We value your inbox – it's 100% free, and you can unsubscribe anytime with one click.
 Discover trivia, brain teasers, and quirky quizzes — fresh every week! 
We value your inbox – it's free and you can unsubscribe anytime with one click.
  
 39 
2
Link copied!
Share
Link copied!
Share
 Not your original work? Add source 
The job market is a brutal place. The listings read like wish lists, applications vanish into thin air, and the ones that do go through lead to a never-ending stream of test tasks.

But it’s not like all of your problems end when you get hired, either. From awkward onboarding to confusing expectations and office politics, every position comes with its own unique set of challenges.
So to reassure you that the struggle is not just real but also universal, we’ve rounded up some of our favorite memes from the subreddits r/InterviewMan and r/InterviewWoman. Oftentimes, the only way to survive it all is to embrace the absurd.
This post may include affiliate links.
       
   FarChampionship9569  ,   x.com    Report  
The truth can be painful! 😭
       
   kicker-gerunds5  ,   x.com    Report  
Yup. My employer gets me for 40 hours per week, Monday-Friday. Otherwise, it's MY time
       
   villa-dodges  ,   x.com    Report  
That's cold.
       
   zines_unrea  ,   x.com    Report  
No... we're hard at work *scrolls more BP*
       
   anotherare  ,   x.com    Report  
I love this comment so much! I do the same!
       
   cafecar    Report  
There's some truth to the joke, but except in technical fields, the importance of the degree is less about the subjects you took than showing your ambition and capacity for learning. Or, in other cases, the likelihood of your bringing fresh ideas to planning office parties.
       
   Jazzlike-Apple4969    Report  
Ooh, well done.
       
   Gullible-Wealth-8107    Report  
In mu ;last job, I would have had that guy on retainer.
       
   big_insoles_5e  ,   x.com    Report  
What a great time to be american! /s
       
   goalie_tripe    Report  
And whenever I read ""must be able to work with tight deadlines"" That just tells me the company excels in poor planning.
       
   reruns_skein    Report  
Actually, I think is more like Paying $0 extra to retain good employees and paying $50K extra to hire a new employee.
       
   lanolin-jackpot57    Report  
If you get any job, you'll be exploited no matter what.
       
   braggett    Report  
The pic is an AI recreation of a scene from Office Space? Office Space is a good film btw, look it up.
       
   QuietMap4403    Report  
#2: ”You’re overqualified (read: we should pay you more)!” Seen this happen! Once even with my own case some 30 years ago!😡
       
   goalie_tripe    Report  
I used to joke that my house is just to keep my belongings
Never miss a story that brings joy to the world. Follow on Google News
       
   Super_Initial_6368  ,   x.com    Report  
""Art Vandelay, Vandelay Industries""
       
   ResearcherOk9446    Report  
"".. for exactly the same reasons.""
       
   tender-lager-32    Report  
The game that spawned the LeBron meme was insane.
       
   StrongPollution2085    Report  
Oh nooo!
       
   meek-breve1a    Report  
Yes, I’m legally entitled to it.
       
   EdJakubowski1    Report  
He was probably on the faculty of Trump University before his current ""employment"".
       
   Visual-Hat-3119    Report  
""You have 367 stalkers this week.""
       
   Simple-Tough1203    Report  
       
   AffectionateLaw3573    Report  
""One look? ONE LOOK?!!!"" Haha love that movie!
       
   VedaSchroeder1    Report  
What do they even EXPECT to hear as a reply to this? Breaking down in tears and apologizing profusely for being a worthless human being who's commited the cardinal sin of not dedicating every single day of their life to working?
       
   portent-wreaths-7k    Report  
But think how fulfilled you'll feel when you retire poor
       
   SouthernPolicy1798    Report  
it is: your salary will be competiting with your expenses.
       
   Downtown-Opposite987  ,   x.com    Report  
       
   Asleep-Resist1764    Report  
Because they aren't hiring.
       
   purses-40-engaged    Report  
The rich keep getting richer. Where are they getting the money from? Keeping our wages low.
       
   acidity_woolen17  ,   x.com    Report  
I can't answer that right now. Let's put a pin in it, and circle back to it later.
       
   TiaAbernathy    Report  
Try seeing 26 year old kids with 2 years experience with Senior in their title. It is a serious lesson in 'titles are meaningless ego stroking'.
       
   BeyondCommercial4266    Report  
Auto-tailroed, huh?
       
   goalie_tripe    Report  
""There's a labor shortage!"" = ""No highly skilled laborers will work for us for the salary we want to pay""
       
   73clips-firer    Report  
Linkedin wackos be like ""A week ago, my three-years-old son asked me for a lollipop. I told him life doesn't just hand out free stuff, that he has to hustle and grind for anything he wants. So he ended up doing all the housework for a week. After that, I didn't give him the lollipop, saying that his lesson in work ethics is much more valuable than that. He started crying and hugged me, thanking profusely for the important life lesson.""
       
   Forsaken-Discount659    Report  
       
   lenapaulmvv    Report  
A politician doesn't need a degree, so why expect one from a psychologist.
       
   Big-Pea1678    Report  
I said I could do it, not that I could do it well.
       
   largese    Report  
You scare the s**t out of our customers.
       
   Gullible-Wealth-8107    Report  
This comment is hidden. Click here to view.
Why would someone with a PhD apply at fast food chains?
       
   zines_unrea    Report  
       
   portent-wreaths-7k    Report  
       
   AffectionateLaw3573    Report  
""Had to update my CV and look for job offers at other companies.""
       
   Ill_Doughnut_517    Report  
There literally aren’t even that many jobs in my area in total, never mind jobs a particular person might be qualified for.
       
   Dependent_Bite9077    Report  
 Follow us on Flipboard.com/@boredpanda! 
  
Add Your Photo To This List
Please use high-res photos without watermarks
Ooops! Your image is too large, maximum file size is 8 MB.
 Not your original work? Add source 

Ooops! Your image is too large, maximum file size is 8 MB.
Error occurred when generating embed. Please check link and try again.
 39 
2
 39 
2
Link copied!
Share
Link copied!
Share
 Author,  BoredPanda staff 
 I'm a visual editor at Bored Panda. I kickstart my day with a mug of coffee bigger than my head, ready to tackle Photoshop. I navigate through the digital jungle with finesse, fueled by bamboo breaks and caffeine kicks. When the workday winds down, you might catch me devouring bamboo snacks while binging on the latest TV show, gaming or I could be out in nature, soaking up the tranquility and communing with my inner panda. 
 Author,  BoredPanda staff 
 I'm a visual editor at Bored Panda. I kickstart my day with a mug of coffee bigger than my head, ready to tackle Photoshop. I navigate through the digital jungle with finesse, fueled by bamboo breaks and caffeine kicks. When the workday winds down, you might catch me devouring bamboo snacks while binging on the latest TV show, gaming or I could be out in nature, soaking up the tranquility and communing with my inner panda. 
 Writer,  Senior Writer 
 Rokas is a writer at Bored Panda with a BA in Communication. After working for a sculptor, he fell in love with visual storytelling and enjoys covering everything from TV shows (any Sopranos fans out there?) to photography. Throughout his years in Bored Panda, over 300 million people have read the posts he's written, which is probably more than he could count to. 
 Writer,  Senior Writer 
 Rokas is a writer at Bored Panda with a BA in Communication. After working for a sculptor, he fell in love with visual storytelling and enjoys covering everything from TV shows (any Sopranos fans out there?) to photography. Throughout his years in Bored Panda, over 300 million people have read the posts he's written, which is probably more than he could count to. 
Being retired is AWESOME!! 🤣
How to make the internet hate you in four words. /s
Being retired is AWESOME!! 🤣
How to make the internet hate you in four words. /s
"
31,2026-04-03,"Attackers drained $285 million from Drift Protocol, Solana's largest perpetual futures exchange, on April 1, 2026. TRM Labs estimates the drain took roughly 12 minutes. The exploit targeted governance, not smart contract code.
TRM Labs assessed the hack was ""likely perpetrated by North Korean hackers"" based on on-chain staging patterns. Elliptic independently assessed the behaviour as consistent with previous DPRK-backed operations.
A malicious actor gained unauthorized access to Drift Protocol through a novel attack involving durable nonces, resulting in a rapid takeover of Drift's Security Council administrative powers.
The preparation began on March 11 with a 10 ETH withdrawal from Tornado Cash. The funds were used to deploy CarbonVote Token (CVT), a completely fictitious asset with approximately 750 million units minted. The attacker seeded a small liquidity pool on Raydium with a few thousand dollars. Wash trading built an artificial price history near $1.



Related:

            Resolv hack: one compromised AWS key minted $80 million in unbacked stablecoins
        




Related:

            Resolv hack: one compromised AWS key minted $80 million in unbacked stablecoins
        

Drift's oracles picked up the manufactured price. CVT began to look like legitimate collateral.
Between March 23 and March 30, the attacker created multiple ""durable nonce"" accounts. Durable nonces are a legitimate Solana feature that allows transactions to be pre-signed and executed later without expiring. The attacker used social engineering to induce Drift Security Council multisig signers into pre-signing transactions that appeared routine but carried hidden authorisations.
Drift migrated its Security Council on March 27 to a new 2-of-5 threshold with zero timelock. That eliminated the delay that would have allowed detection before admin actions took effect.
April 1 was execution day. The attacker listed CVT as a valid market on Drift, raised withdrawal limits to extreme levels, and drained funds from nearly 20 vaults.
This is not an April Fools joke.
Stolen assets were converted to USDC and SOL. The attacker bridged them from Solana to Ethereum using Circle's Cross-Chain Transfer Protocol (CCTP), converted to ETH, and accumulated approximately 129,066 ETH. SOL deposits went into HyperLiquid and Binance.
ZachXBT publicly criticised Circle for not freezing the stolen USDC during the bridge. The funds moved during US business hours over several hours without intervention.
The exploit wiped out more than half of Drift's total value locked. TVL fell from roughly $550 million to $252 million. The DRIFT token dropped approximately 40%.
Nearly 20 interconnected DeFi protocols reported knock-on effects. PiggyBank_fi reported approximately $106,000 in exposure and covered users from team funds. Ranger Finance paused deposits with estimated exposure over $900,000. Jupiter Exchange confirmed its JLP pool remains fully backed.



Related:

            Wife allegedly used home CCTV to steal $172 million in Bitcoin from husband's Trezor
        




Related:

            Wife allegedly used home CCTV to steal $172 million in Bitcoin from husband's Trezor
        

Drift sent on-chain messages on April 3 to four wallets holding the stolen ETH. The protocol urged the holders to open a dialogue.
At $285 million, this is the largest DeFi hack of 2026. It is the second-largest exploit in Solana's history, behind only the $326 million Wormhole bridge hack in 2022. TRM Labs noted the post-hack laundering exceeded the pace of the Bybit exploit in 2025 in both speed and transaction size. North Korean crypto operations have followed similar playbooks since at least the 2022 Ronin Bridge hack.
On-chain staging began March 11 with the Tornado Cash withdrawal. The funds began moving the following day at approximately 12:00 AM GMT, around 9:00 AM Pyongyang time. Ledger CTO Charles Guillemet drew parallels to the $1.4 billion Bybit hack, also attributed to North Korean actors. He assessed that attackers likely compromised multisig signer machines through long-term infiltration.
Smart contracts held up. The real targets now are humans: social engineering and opsec weaknesses more than code exploits.
North Korea stole approximately $2 billion in cryptocurrency in 2025, according to Chainalysis. That was roughly 60% of all digital assets stolen that year. The Bybit hack used the same pattern. Patient, multi-week preparation targeting governance and signers, not code.



Related:

            AppsFlyer Web SDK hijacked in supply chain attack that swapped crypto wallet addresses
        




Related:

            AppsFlyer Web SDK hijacked in supply chain attack that swapped crypto wallet addresses
        

Trail of Bits audited Drift in 2022. ClawSecure audited it in February 2026. Neither review identified the governance weaknesses that made the attack possible. The CVT market introduction and the zero-timelock Security Council migration fell outside the scope of code-focused audits.
A few thousand dollars in fake liquidity turned into $285 million in stolen assets. The attacker did not find a bug. They built a token, manufactured a price, tricked signers into pre-approving transactions, removed the timelock, and executed. Every step targeted humans and governance, not code. DeFi audits that review only smart contracts leave the most exploitable surface unchecked.
Cindy Leow and David Lu founded Drift Protocol in 2021. The exchange held over $400 million in total deposits before the attack. Drift committed to releasing more information once forensic reviews are complete.






                You might like:
            

                SparkCat malware returns to App Store and Google Play with OCR crypto wallet stealer
            





                    
                        We work with independent researchers and cybersecurity professionals. Send us a tip or submit your article for editorial review.
                    
                

                        
                            Cyber Security News, Privacy Research, AI Threats - AnonHaven
                        
                    

                        Get the latest cybersecurity news and guides in your inbox.
                    
Email: info@anonhaven.com
Telegram: AnonHaven
© 2026 AnonHaven. All rights reserved.

            
                We use cookies to improve the performance of our site and to enhance your experience. By continuing to use the site, you consent to the 
                processing of cookies.
            
        

                    Get the latest news, threat reports and expert guides delivered to your inbox weekly.
                

                    
                        By subscribing, you agree to our Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe at any time.
                    
                "
32,2026-04-03,"The labor market rebounded from job losses in the previous month.
The U.S. recorded strong job gains in March, rebounding from dismal losses a month earlier, a jobs report on Friday showed. The reading far exceeded economists' expectations.
The U.S. added 178,000 jobs in March, according to the report, which marked a sharp increase from 133,000 jobs lost in the previous month.
The unemployment rate ticked down to 4.3% in March from 4.4% in February, the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) said. Unemployment remains low by historical standards.
The BLS collected survey data through the second week of March, before the full effects of the oil shock set off by the Iran war.
As in previous months, the health care sector stood out as a top source of hiring in March, adding 76,000 jobs, the BLS said. The construction sector, as well as transportation and logistics, also contributed to the surge in hiring.
Employment in the federal government continued to decline in March, shedding 18,000 jobs, the BLS said. The federal government has lost 355,000 jobs, or nearly 12% of its workforce, since October 2024, a month before President Donald Trump was elected.
The government report arrived as the war continues to drive up gasoline prices and borrowing costs, threatening a drag on the economy.
The U.S. added an average of about 15,000 jobs per month in 2025, U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) data showed. That performance amounted to a sharp slowdown from 186,000 jobs added each month in 2024.
The U.S.-Israeli war on Iran, which began on Feb. 28, triggered one of the worst global oil shocks in decades, prompting gloomy forecasts on Wall Street of a potential U.S. recession over the coming months.
In theory, a prolonged oil shortage could drive up prices for a vast array of goods, sapping energy from consumer spending, which powers most of the nation’s economic growth.
Iran has mounted an effective closure of the Strait of Hormuz, a critical maritime trading route that facilitates the transport of about one-fifth of the global oil supply.
The U.S. is a net exporter of petroleum, meaning the country produces more oil than it consumes. But since oil prices are set on a global market, U.S. prices move in response to swings in worldwide supply and demand.
The disruption in oil shipping has pushed U.S. crude prices above $110 a barrel, which marks a staggering rise of more than 50% since the war began on Feb. 28.
Gasoline prices in the U.S. ticked up to $4.08 on average per gallon as of Wednesday, marking a leap of $1.09 over the past month, AAA data showed.
A potential jump in costs for additional goods delivered through the Strait of Hormuz -- such as fertilizer and diesel fuel -- could also raise prices beyond gasoline, putting pressure on the Federal Reserve to hike interest rates in an effort to quell possible inflation.
The benchmark interest rate stands at a level between 3.5% and 3.75%. That figure marks a significant drop from a recent peak attained in 2023, but borrowing costs remain well above a 0% rate established at the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic.
If the Fed moved to raise interest rates, it would hike borrowing costs for many consumer and business loans, risking a slowdown in hiring.
Speaking at Harvard University on Monday, Fed Chair Jerome Powell said the central bank could take a patient approach as it monitors potential price effects from the Middle East conflict.
""We feel like our policy is in a good place for us to wait and see how that turns out,"" Powell said.
Editor’s note: This story has been updated to reflect the time period covered by the BLS survey.
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events"
33,2026-04-03,"Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (NYSE:TSM) is one of the best blue-chip AI stocks to buy now. On March 30, Citigroup reiterated a Buy..."
34,2026-04-03,"Investing
SoFi Technologies (SOFI) posted record Q4 revenue of $1.025 billion (up 40% year-over-year), achieved its ninth straight profitable quarter with $174 million in GAAP net income, and just launched Big Business Banking allowing enterprises to manage USD deposits, crypto assets, and the proprietary SoFiUSD stablecoin through one FDIC-insured bank with direct Fed access and real-time 24/7 API payments.
SoFi’s stock fell 51.57% from its 52-week high despite expanding from a retail lending disruptor into a full-spectrum fintech-crypto bridge with 35% member growth and 60% EBITDA growth, now trading at a 19x forward earnings multiple that reflects 30%+ revenue growth versus distressed fintech peers.
Are you ahead, or behind on retirement? SmartAsset's free tool can match you with a financial advisor in minutes to help you answer that today. Each advisor has been carefully vetted, and must act in your best interests. Don't waste another minute; learn more here.(Sponsor)

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Magnifying glass and documents with analytics data lying on table,selective focus (Shutterstock.com) by Thanakorn.P

Fintech stocks entered 2026 riding high on hopes for lower rates and a digital finance boom. Then reality hit: persistent inflation worries, a Fed rate pause, and sector-wide jitters sent the KBW Nasdaq Financial Technology Index down about 11% year-to-date. 
SoFi Technologies (NASDAQ:SOFI | SOFI Price Prediction) got hammered hardest. Shares opened 2026 near $26 after peaking at $32.73 in November, but now trade at $15.85 per share. That’s a 51.57% drop from the 52-week high and a 41% year-to-date plunge.
This price just doesn’t make any sense. The market is overlooking a company that just posted its first $1 billion revenue quarter and launched a game-changing enterprise platform. Here’s why SoFi stock is a buy despite the market disconnect.
SoFi didn’t stumble on weak numbers. The selloff stemmed from broader fintech fatigue. Personal-loan charge-offs ticked up to 2.80% in Q4, a figure that spooked some after earlier rate-cut optimism faded. Valuation compression followed: the stock had run hard on growth expectations, and when macro headlines turned cautious, investors rotated out. No single earnings miss triggered it — in fact, Q4 results crushed estimates — but the sector traded at a discount to growth potential.
That said, the drop created an entry point. Shares now sit below half their peak while the business is accelerating. Believe it or not, this reset happened after SoFi delivered record results and unveiled its biggest strategic leap yet.
SoFi’s earnings painted a picture of scale and diversification most fintechs envy. Adjusted net revenue hit a record $1.013 billion, up 37% year-over-year — the first time quarterly revenue crossed $1 billion. GAAP net revenue reached $1.025 billion, up 40%. Adjusted EBITDA climbed 60% to $318 million for a 31% margin. GAAP net income totaled $174 million, delivering a 17% margin and marked the ninth straight profitable quarter.
Members grew 35% to 13.7 million, while products rose 37% to 20.2 million, helping fee-based revenue jump 53% to $443 million. Full-year adjusted revenue reached $3.6 billion, up 38%, and management’s 2026 guidance calls for adjusted net revenue of roughly $4.655 billion (30% growth), adjusted EBITDA of $1.6 billion (34% margin), and adjusted EPS around $0.60. Q1 2026 targets already point to $1.04 billion in adjusted revenue (35% growth).
Yesterday, though, SoFi made an announcement that should change how the market looks at the company. The fintech launched Big Business Banking, which allows enterprises to now manage fiat USD deposits, crypto assets, and the proprietary SoFiUSD stablecoin — all inside one FDIC-insured, nationally chartered bank with direct Fed access. Real-time, 24/7 API-driven payments, and instant fiat-to-crypto conversions via SoFiUSD mint-and-burn sit on Solana and other chains. Initial partners include Cumberland, Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), BitGo  (NYSE:BTGO)(custody), Fireblocks, Wintermute, Galaxy (NASDAQ:GLXY), Jupiter, Mesh Payments, and Mastercard (NYSE:MA).
This isn’t a side project. It extends SoFi’s December SoFiUSD launch (the first stablecoin from a U.S. national bank) into institutional territory. Legacy banks run 9-to-5. Pure crypto players lack bank rails. SoFi now offers both under one regulated roof — creating sticky enterprise deposits, transaction fees, and stablecoin seigniorage on its balance sheet.
Smart investors compare numbers, not headlines. SoFi trades at roughly 41x trailing earnings and about 19x estimates. That sits above some consumer-finance peers like Regional Management (NYSE:RM) (7x P/E) but reflects 30%+ revenue growth and 38% to 42% medium-term EPS growth guidance — metrics peers such as Upstart (NASDAQ:UPST)and Affirm (NASDAQ:AFRM) have struggled to match consistently.
The enterprise platform adds high-margin, 24/7 revenue streams that reduce reliance on consumer lending. Deposit growth from corporate clients should lower funding costs. Network effects from partners accelerate SoFiUSD adoption and platform usage. 
In short, SoFi evolved from a retail disruptor into a full-spectrum player bridging TradFi and crypto — at precisely the moment institutional demand surges.
Naturally, risks remain. Charge-off rates bear watching, and macro shifts could slow originations. Execution on Big Business Banking will take time. Yet the numbers show a company that grew members 35%, revenue 37%, and EBITDA 60% while turning consistently profitable. The market’s doubts look priced in at $15.
When all is said and done, SoFi at $15 offers a rare combination: proven execution, accelerating diversification, consistent profitability, and a first-mover regulatory edge in enterprise crypto banking. Analysts’ consensus price target sits at $25.91 per share, implying 63% upside. No one can predict the exact bottom, but the data say the business has never looked stronger. 
For patient retail investors, this reset isn’t a warning — it’s an invitation. Consider buying now and adding on further weakness. I might not go all-in, but SoFi Technologies looks like an opportunity too good to pass up, making it worth having at least some skin in the game.
After two decades of patrolling the dark corners of suburbia as a police officer, Rich Duprey hung up his badge and gun to begin writing full time about stocks and investing. For the past 20 years he’s been cruising the markets looking for companies to lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio while writing extensively on the broad sectors of consumer goods, technology, and industrials. Because his experience isn’t from the typical financial analyst track, Rich is able to break down complex topics into understandable and useful action points for the average investor. His writings have appeared on The Motley Fool, InvestorPlace, Yahoo! Finance, and Money Morning. He has been interviewed for both U.S. and international publications, including MarketWatch, Financial Times, Forbes, Fast Company, and USA Today.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
SoFi Technologies (NASDAQ: SOFI | SOFI Price Prediction) has had a rough start to 2026. Shares are down 28.9% year-to-date,…
Shares of fintech firm SoFi Technologies (NASDAQ:SOFI | SOFI Price Prediction) had a solid 2025, with around 95% worth of…
SoFi Technologies (NASDAQ: SOFI | SOFI Price Prediction) and Ally Financial (NYSE: ALLY) both delivered fourth-quarter earnings recently, but the…
SoFi Technologies (NASDAQ:SOFI | SOFI Price Prediction) started as a niche player in student loan refinancing back in 2011, targeting…
Financing a Double-Double? SoFi Technologies (NASDAQ:SOFI | SOFI Price Prediction) is a leading fintech platform that has evolved from a…
SoFi Technologies shares rallied on fourth-quarter results that showed continued positive momentum.
SoFi Technologies (NASDAQ:SOFI | SOFI Price Prediction) is reshaping the fintech landscape by delivering a unified digital platform that integrates…
SoFi Technologies (NASDAQ:SOFI | SOFI Price Prediction) reported impressive fourth-quarter 2025 earnings this morning, significantly exceeding Wall Street estimates and…
For investors looking for opportunities in fintech, SoFi presents an interesting case. Here's where 24/7 Wall St. thinks the stock…"
35,2026-04-03,I had the pleasure of recently asking Dead by Daylight's creative director Dave Richard and Behaviour's head of partnerships Mathieu Cote if there were any stones left unturned for spinoffs that they wanted to see happen. And Richard's got one specific idea i…
36,2026-04-03,"When you purchase through links in our articles, we may earn a small commission. This doesn't affect our editorial independence.
If you’re tired of hearing how expensive PC components are getting because of the “AI” RAM crunch, imagine how tired I am of writing about it. But it looks like it isn’t going anywhere soon. Lenovo’s Legion Go handheld series, which stretches from nominally affordable on the Legion Go S to pretty dang pricey for the Go 2, is also climbing up there.
The top-of-the-line Legion Go 2 launched at $1,349.99 late last year. According to the Best Buy listing, this package with a Ryzen Z2 Extreme CPU, 32GB of RAM, and 1TB of storage is now $1,999.99. That’s a $650 increase in less than six months, as VideoCardz.com notes (though that particular model is currently out of stock).
This got me curious, so I used the Internet Archive to compare the current prices of all Legion Go S configs on Best Buy to their original launch prices. Excluding used and refurbished packages, I found five variants:
Clearly the prices are trending higher, and the more premium the package, the more Ryzen Z Extreme the difference. But as VideoCardz points out, similar handhelds like the Asus ROG Xbox Ally haven’t seen the same price increase. The Xbox Ally X with the Z2 Extreme processor is the same $1,000 at Best Buy that it was at launch. The less powerful non-X variant is $600, even currently on sale for $540. Either nobody’s buying the Asus machines or Lenovo’s attempts at stockpiling RAM have failed spectacularly. (Or, possibly, those integrated RAM modules come from AMD along with the Ryzen CPUs.)
It’s worth pointing out that the Steam Deck, which remains the most popular PC gaming handheld even years after its launch, went out of stock six weeks ago and it’s still out of stock today (at least on Valve’s product page). Other handheld gaming PCs are being curtailed or even cancelled due to dwindling component supplies and high prices.
The best time to buy a handheld was six months ago. The worst time to buy might be six months from now, assuming that’ll even be possible.
Michael is a 15-year veteran of technology journalism, covering everything from Apple to ZTE. On PCWorld he's the resident keyboard nut, always using a new one for a review and building a new mechanical board or expanding his desktop ""battlestation"" in his off hours. Michael's previous bylines include Android Police, Digital Trends, Wired, Lifehacker, and How-To Geek, and he's covered events like CES and Mobile World Congress live. Michael lives in Pennsylvania where he's always looking forward to his next kayaking trip.
Business
Laptop
Mobile
PC Hardware
Storage
Deals
Digital Magazine - Subscribe
Digital Magazine - Info
Gift Subscription
Newsletters"
37,2026-04-03,
38,2026-04-03,
39,2026-04-03,
40,2026-04-03,"Apple is rolling out age verification for iPhone and iPad in the UK. The idea is to get the device “owner” to verify their age so that they can access “certain services”. Apple has already removed encryption for UK users in 2025: Apple can no longer offer Advanced Data Protection in the United Kingdom to new users. 
What is the end game here? If it was an ISP doing this, I don’t think I would bat an eyelid, but this is a device manufacturer who just so happens to make their own operating system. Why are they now rolling out age verification? The UK law does not compel operating systems or hardware manufacturers to verify a user’s age in the same way that it requires service providers to. Why the overreach? Why the “helpfulness” from Apple? What is this really about?
Apple’s move sets the stage for others to follow. In my earlier rant about Apple, I am impatiently waiting for Android to go the same way. It will come, of that I am certain.
Is this a precursor to what Apple soon needs to do in California by 2027? Their initial move in the UK market doesn’t make any sense. I’m trying to think about this from a purely business perspective – is this their test bed for what they will soon have to do in their home town?
When the UK High Court issues a directive to block a domain, ISPs are compelled by law to block it. We have seen this before in the UK, many times. It helps to combat Internet piracy. Sure, it is like chopping off one of Hydra’s heads but it will at least put in place an inconvenience and hopefully, eventually, reduce Internet piracy.
This move by Apple, I can sort of see it in the same light. However, the key difference here is that this is a unilateral decision by Apple. In much the same way that they unilaterally opted to remove encryption for some of their iCloud data offerings. There was no High Court order; the UK law requires service providers – not operating systems – to block or unblock content. That is my understanding.
From a purely business perspective, it might be the thinking at Apple that they need to get ahead of the game. They are not entirely wrong or alone. Systemd has had a pull request which adds age verification. Flatpak is discussing the technicals around how to implement age verification.
This is all to do with that Californian law.
What I wonder about though is, from a Linux OS point of view, how would I “prove” that I’m an adult? The Systemd check seems to be configured so that only root can make changes to the data, in much the same way that the Flatpak folks are looking at. So, what does that mean? I am my own system adminâ¦ can I simply input that my one user account (that again being me) was born on 01 January 1970 and be done with it? Will my system believe me? And how about their system, whoever “they” are? If not, then what else will I need to do to prove my birth date and age? Who will check if root can’t be trusted? How will they check?
Where is all this going? Who knows? The lawmakers seem to have it all figured out. My questions have no answers. Not yet. At least, none that I could find. Non-Systemd Linux distros are laughing right now, and pointing fingers, doing that “Ha ha” of Nelson Muntz, except, they are not the bullies. They are making fun of the bullied.
© 2022 - 2026 Cybrkyd. All Rights Reserved.

Site generated by PaPy"
41,2026-04-03,"
Join the club for quick access. Enter your email below and we'll send confirmation, and sign you up to our newsletter.


By submitting your information you agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
and are aged 16 or over.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest about Microsoft
Updates, launches and rumors.
Latest about AI.
AI updates, how-tos and comparisons in one place.

Explore your membership
benefits.


Stay Ahead with Windows Central


Get the biggest gaming news, reviews, and releases straight to your inbox.

ASUS' ROG Xbox Ally is the affordable little brother of the Xbox Ally X, with specs closer to the Steam Deck.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
Price hikes for gaming handhelds are coming in hot and fast across the board thanks to the ongoing RAM crisis.
Yet, one gaming handheld that's managed to escape this hike thus far (at least in the US) is the ASUS ROG Xbox Ally, a modest device built for portable Xbox gaming that's currently available at a 17% discount for $499.99 at Amazon.
""The ROG Xbox Ally is a modest handheld that offers performance that's more on the level of the Steam Deck, making it one of the most direct competitors to Valve's device."" — Rebecca Spear, Former Gaming and News EditorWindows Central review: ⭐⭐⭐⭐
 



The Xbox Ally is one of Steam Deck's biggest direct competitors as it features similar performance levels for playing games thanks to its advanced AMD Ryzen Z2 A processor, 16GB RAM, and 7-inch IPS display with a 120Hz Variable Refresh Rate (VRR).
With these specs, the Xbox Ally can easily run low-end to AA budget games at 60fps and 1080p resolutions. Although it will have some trouble running intensive, demanding AAA titles like Cyberpunk 2077 and Forza Horizon 5 at high graphical settings compared to its big brother, the Xbox Ally X.
That's where the similarities end, as the Xbox Ally has a few advantages over the Steam Deck.
These include the ability to stream Xbox games via Xbox Cloud Gaming and PC games via NVIDIA GeForce NOW with little to no lag, superior ergonomic grips that are more comfortable to hold for long periods of time, and compatibility with more digital storefronts to download games from due to being outfitted with Windows 11.
The only things that hold the Xbox Ally back are its lack of performance-boosting HYPR-RX support, low battery life for playing AAA titles unplugged (1 to 2 hours to be precise), and a moderate 512GB SSD (thankfully, you can enhance it with one of the best MicroSD cards for Xbox Ally and Xbox Ally X).
If you can look past those flaws, then the Xbox Ally is one of the best gaming handhelds you can buy if you're a fan of Xbox or PC gaming on the go.
If this gaming handheld sounds like your ally, then now's the best time to get an Xbox Ally using this $499.99 at Amazon, as this could potentially be the last time it's sold for so low before it gets price-hiked high like it is in Japan or like how the Xbox Ally X has been price-hiked in Australia.
Is Amazon's stock or discount deal on the Xbox Ally expires, here are some discount deals for it you can use as backup options:
Yes it can so long as your games are PC-compatible via Xbox App, PC Game Pass and Xbox Play Anywhere. 
Yes it can as it runs Windows 11, allowing the Xbox Ally access to digital storefronts like Steam, GOG, EA App, Ubisoft Connect, and Battle.net and download games from them.
Yes it can, although some games will require the internet to access online multiplayer some Xbox app titles will require an internet connection every two weeks to verify its license.
 



Join us on Reddit at r/WindowsCentral to share your insights and discuss our latest news, reviews, and more.
Alexander Cope is a gaming veteran of 30-plus years, primarily covering PC and Xbox games here on Windows Central. Gaming since the 8-bit era, Alexander's expertise revolves around gaming guides and news, with a particular focus on Japanese titles from the likes of Elden Ring to Final Fantasy. Alexander is always on deck to help our readers conquer the industry's most difficult games — when he can pry himself away from Monster Hunter that is! 
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
42,2026-04-03,"Register now and come ready to rethink how you're allocating AI search effort.
You don’t need to code to build working SEO tools, just the right prompts and process.
Get this step-by-step kit to go from idea to working product.
Register now and come ready to rethink how you're allocating AI search effort.
Discover how leading publishers are pivoting to a unified approach that breaks down silos, focuses on the right KPIs, and supports sustainable revenue.
Register now and come ready to rethink how you're allocating AI search effort.
Discover how leading publishers are pivoting to a unified approach that breaks down silos, focuses on the right KPIs, and supports sustainable revenue.
OpenAI is expanding ChatGPT Ads and launching self-serve access. Here’s what PPC managers should know before deciding whether it deserves real budget.
A lot of PPC managers are going to get asked about ChatGPT Ads over the next few months.
That was probably inevitable the moment OpenAI moved beyond testing ads and started building a real monetization story around them. The initial pilot was easy enough for most advertisers to ignore. It was invite-only, expensive, and limited enough that it felt more like a premium media test than something the average paid media team needed to factor into a media plan.
It’s going to be harder for PPC pros to ignore with the newest announcement from OpenAI.
OpenAI is reportedly preparing to launch self-serve advertiser capabilities in April while also expanding its ads pilot into additional countries. That does not automatically make ChatGPT Ads a serious channel for every advertiser. It does, however, make this the first point where more paid media teams may actually have to form a view on it.
And that view should probably be more skeptical than enthusiastic.
Because while the headlines around ChatGPT Ads are easy to frame as momentum, that is not the same thing as proving this is already a channel worth real budget.
For a lot of advertisers, the more useful question is not whether OpenAI can sell ads. It clearly can. The better question is whether this becomes a meaningful new acquisition channel or just another place brands feel pressure to pay for visibility before the economics are fully there.
That is the part worth taking seriously.
The first version of ChatGPT Ads was never built for broad advertiser adoption.
OpenAI said in January that it would begin testing ads in the U.S. for logged-in adult users on Free and Go plans, while keeping Plus, Pro, Business, Enterprise, and Education ad-free. It also made a point of saying ads would not influence answers, would remain clearly separated from responses, and would not involve selling user conversations to advertisers.
That setup was important, because OpenAI was clearly trying to introduce monetization without damaging trust in the product. In practical terms, though, it also meant the pilot looked much closer to a controlled brand environment than a normal PPC channel.
The early economics reinforced that. Reuters reported in March that Criteo had been pitching advertiser commitments in the $50,000 to $100,000 range as OpenAI expanded the U.S. pilot, while other early reporting around the first wave of access pointed to premium CPMs and high barriers to entry.
That is not how platforms behave when they are trying to onboard the average mid-market advertiser. That is how they behave when they are trying to keep the test small, high-value, and manageable.
Some advertisers reported CTR of ads in ChatGPT as low as 0.91%, compared to an average benchmark of 6.4% on Google search. This metric is something marketers will want to watch closely when trying to identify how ChatGPT fits into their marketing strategy and aligning it with realistic expectations.
The context of those details matter, because some of the current reaction to ChatGPT Ads skips too quickly past what the pilot actually was. It was not broad proof of market fit.
At the same time, it would be too dismissive to treat the pilot as nothing more than a PR-friendly experiment.
OpenAI has a massive user base, a product people are already using in research and discovery behaviors, and enough advertiser demand to justify moving beyond the first phase. That does not prove long-term channel value, but it does suggest there is more here than novelty.
The most repeated number in the current conversation is Reuters’ report that OpenAI’s U.S. ads pilot exceeded $100 million in annualized revenue within six weeks. That is a strong headline, and on its face, it suggests there is real advertiser demand. Reuters also reported that the pilot has expanded to more than 600 advertisers, with nearly 80% of small and medium-sized businesses signaling interest.
For a limited pilot, that seems to be a meaningful revenue pace. Even allowing for premium pricing and controlled access, it tells you this is not a fringe experiment with a handful of novelty buyers. Advertisers are interested, and OpenAI has clearly found enough demand to justify building this out further.
It also suggests there may be real commercial value in conversational inventory if the platform can maintain trust while expanding scale.
But, let’s take a deeper look into what the claim of annualized revenue means.
“Annualized revenue” is not the same thing as saying OpenAI booked $100 million in actual revenue in six weeks. It means the current pace of revenue, if sustained over a year, would exceed that number.
That is still notable, especially for a limited pilot. But it is also one of the easiest ways to make an early-stage business line sound bigger and more mature than it may actually be.
There are a few reasons to be careful about what it does and does not prove.
For one, premium pilot economics can make early revenue look healthier than a scaled platform may actually be. If access is limited, inventory is scarce, and pricing is high, you can build a very attractive short-term revenue story without proving that the platform is broadly investable for normal advertisers.
Second, Reuters reported that while about 85% of users are currently eligible to see ads, fewer than 20% are shown ads daily. That gives OpenAI room to increase monetization, but it also means the current revenue run rate is still being generated in a fairly controlled environment.
Third, the $100 million figure tells us very little about advertiser outcomes. It tells us advertisers are willing to buy in.
It does not tell us yet whether those advertisers are seeing meaningful incremental conversions, efficient customer acquisition, or strong downstream value relative to other channels.
So, while the revenue number is worth paying attention to, it shouldn’t be treated as proof that ChatGPT Ads are already a mature or “must-test” channel for most advertisers.
In its newest development, OpenAI is reportedly preparing to open self-serve advertiser access in April.
That changes the conversation because self-serve is what turns a tightly controlled pilot into something more PPC managers may be expected to evaluate, budget for, or at least have an opinion on. Reuters also reported that OpenAI plans to expand the pilot beyond the U.S. into Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, which further signals that this is moving out of “contained experiment” territory.
A premium pilot mostly tells you whether a company can sell scarce inventory to selected advertisers. A self-serve platform is the first stage where advertisers can start evaluating whether the product behaves like a usable media channel at all.
That’s where the real learning begins again.
There’s a legitimate case for why some advertisers will want to pay close attention. If ChatGPT continues to become a place where people compare products, explore options, and work through buying decisions, then ad placements in that environment could eventually matter in a way that does not map cleanly to either search or paid social.
That possibility is real, it just has not been fully proven yet.
If ChatGPT Ads are going to matter, the case for why is not hard to understand.
People are already using AI tools for research, planning, troubleshooting, product comparisons, and early-stage decision-making. That behavior is commercially important because it sits in a part of the journey that many advertisers care about but do not always capture especially well.
A user in ChatGPT is often not just typing a keyword. They are explaining a situation, asking for options, and narrowing a decision. That creates a different kind of commercial context.
In theory, that should be valuable to advertisers, especially in categories where buyers need more information, more confidence, or more help evaluating tradeoffs before they convert.
If OpenAI can build an ad product that fits that behavior without damaging trust, there is a reasonable case that this becomes a genuinely useful environment rather than just another place to buy impressions.
AI platforms have gotten a lot of hype over the past few years, and they all seem to be a race towards the top.
Now that ads are being placed into ChatGPT, the market anticipation may get ahead of what the platform has actually proven.
That tends to happen whenever a platform has three things at once:
That combination can create pressure to show up before the underlying economics are fully understood.
And that is where the “brand tax” concern comes in.
A brand tax shows up when advertisers feel compelled to buy visibility because the platform is becoming too important to ignore, even if the measurement is still fuzzy and the performance case is still incomplete.
That does not mean the spend is automatically wasteful. But, the motivation behind the spend can shift from strategic fit to defensive presence if not clearly thought through.
This is why I think the right posture for most advertisers is curiosity, not urgency.
If ChatGPT Ads are going to work well, they are most likely to work first for businesses that already benefit from longer, more thoughtful buying journeys.
That includes categories where users are naturally looking for help evaluating options, understanding tradeoffs, or narrowing a set of choices.
Think along the lines of:
These are the kinds of businesses where the user journey is not always driven by a clean keyword and an immediate click. Often, the person is still trying to figure out what they need, what the differences are, or what is worth paying for.
That is where a conversational interface could eventually become commercially valuable.
If your ideal buyer tends to ask detailed, open-ended questions before making a decision, ChatGPT is a much more natural fit than it would be for a business relying on urgency, impulse, or low-friction conversion volume.
This is the part that will probably matter most to a lot of teams.
Most mid-market advertisers do not need to rush into ChatGPT Ads the moment self-serve opens.
That is not because the platform is irrelevant, but because most mid-market advertisers still have far more obvious growth opportunities in channels they already understand better.
If your search account structure is still messy, your paid social creative testing is inconsistent, your landing pages are underperforming, or your measurement setup is still weak, ChatGPT Ads are probably not the next smartest dollar.
That is especially true for advertisers that depend on:
Those businesses may eventually find a role for ChatGPT Ads. But in the near term, it is hard to make the case that they should prioritize it over more proven opportunities.
That is where a lot of marketers get into trouble with new platforms. They confuse early visibility with early fit.
And those are not the same thing.
For most PPC managers, the smartest move is not to force a test. It is to build a more useful framework for evaluating whether ChatGPT Ads deserve one later.
That starts with a few practical questions.
First, is your category one where conversational research behavior is likely to influence purchase decisions in a meaningful way?
Second, if you were to test this, what would success actually look like? Not in vague terms, but in measurable ones.
Would you be looking for qualified traffic? Stronger engagement? Assisted conversion value? Branded search lift? Lead quality? Or net-new customer acquisition?
If you cannot answer that before testing, then the test is probably not ready.
Third, do you have the measurement maturity to evaluate a channel that may sit somewhere between search, content discovery, and assisted decision support?
Because that is likely where ChatGPT Ads will live if they work at all.
A lot of teams will either under-credit this type of channel or over-excuse it. Neither is especially useful.
ChatGPT Ads are worth paying attention to, even if your brand isn’t ready to test them yet.
Whether they become a durable acquisition channel, a useful upper- to mid-funnel complement, or simply another place where advertisers feel pressure to buy visibility before the performance case is fully established is unclear.
Right now, there is evidence for more than one possible outcome.
There is enough here to justify serious interest. OpenAI has the user scale, advertiser demand, and product usage patterns to make this more than a passing media story.
There is also enough uncertainty here to justify restraint. The platform still has a lot to prove around advertiser outcomes, economics, and where it truly fits in the paid media mix.
That is why the smartest response is probably not to rush in or write it off.
Watch the rollout carefully and pay attention to where category-specific fit starts to emerge. Then, be honest about whether your business has a reason to test beyond the fact that the platform is new.
That is a much better standard than hype, and a much better one than reflexive skepticism too.
More Resources:
Featured Image: Saeedreza/Shutterstock

                Brooke serves as the Director of Growth Marketing at Smith Micro Software, with over 10 years of paid media experience. ...             

                            Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                        
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.

                            Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                        
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.

                            Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                        
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.
In a world ruled by algorithms, SEJ brings timely, relevant information for SEOs, marketers, and entrepreneurs to optimize and grow their businesses -- and careers.

               Copyright © 2026 Search Engine Journal. All rights reserved. Published by Alpha Brand Media.
            "
43,2026-04-03,"Trial is set for November 2 in Manhattan federal court.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Get Tom's Hardware's best news and in-depth reviews, straight to your inbox.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Super Micro Computer co-founder Yih-Shyan ""Wally"" Liaw pleaded not guilty on Wednesday in a Manhattan federal court to charges that he helped illegally divert billions of dollars' worth of Nvidia-powered servers to China, Bloomberg reported. Co-defendant Ting-Wei ""Willy"" Sun, an outside contractor described by prosecutors as a ""fixer"" in the smuggling scheme, also entered a not-guilty plea at the hearing before U.S. District Judge Edgardo Ramos.
Liaw has been released on a $5 million bond, while Sun's lawyer told the judge that he's negotiating a bail package with prosecutors. The third defendant, Ruei-Tsang ""Steven"" Chang, a former general manager in Super Micro's Taiwan office, is not in U.S. custody. Judge Ramos set a November 2 trial date for the case.
Federal prosecutors allege that Liaw, Chang, and Sun conspired to sell U.S.-assembled servers containing Nvidia's export-controlled AI chips to Chinese customers through an unidentified Southeast Asian pass-through company. The case is the highest-profile prosecution yet in the U.S. government's crackdown on the alleged smuggling of restricted AI chips to China.
The scheme reportedly involved swapping serial number stickers from real servers onto non-functioning dummy units using heat guns, then shipping the genuine hardware onward to China with fabricated paperwork. CCTV footage captured workers using heat guns to swap the serial numbers at a Southeast Asian warehouse. Prosecutors estimate the operation generated roughly $2.5 billion in sales since 2024, with shipments between April and May 2025 alone being valued at over $500 million.
The charges, unsealed on March 19, immediately hammered Super Micro's stock price, erasing more than $6 billion from the company's market cap, with the stock falling roughly 33% in a single session. Liaw has since resigned from Super Micro's board of directors.
Super Micro itself isn’t named as a defendant in the indictment, but acknowledged that the three accused individuals are ""associated"" with the company in an official statement. The server maker called the alleged conduct a violation of its internal policies and said it maintains a compliance program covering U.S. export and re-export control laws. Nvidia also distanced itself from the scheme, telling Tom's Hardware that strict compliance is a priority and that it does not provide service or support for unlawfully diverted systems.
U.S. Senators Jim Banks and Elizabeth Warren wrote to Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick, urging a pause on all active export licenses for advanced Nvidia AI chips headed to China and Southeast Asian intermediaries. Shareholders have also filed a securities fraud lawsuit against Super Micro, alleging the company concealed its dependence on revenue from illicit sales.
Get Tom's Hardware's best news and in-depth reviews, straight to your inbox.
 



Follow Tom's Hardware on Google News, or add us as a preferred source, to get our latest news, analysis, & reviews in your feeds.
Luke James is a freelance writer and journalist.  Although his background is in legal, he has a personal interest in all things tech, especially hardware and microelectronics, and anything regulatory. 

Tom's Hardware is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
44,2026-04-03,The Chevy 454 Big Block V8 is one of the most legendary powerplants in American automotive history. Known for its massive displacement and stump-pulling...
45,2026-04-03,"There may be only one person in the United States who can put Nicki Minaj and Donald Trump on the same stage.
On a cold morning in January, Alex Bruesewitz directed a black SUV to pick up Minaj at her Washington hotel and deposit her at the Mellon Auditorium for the launch of ""Trump Accounts,"" which she had said would encourage ""early financial literacy & financial support for our children."" Minaj endorsed the program, vowing to seed some accounts for members of her rabid fan base known as ""Barbz.""
But MAGA's impresario wasn't done. After Trump and Minaj shared a warm moment on stage, Bruesewitz — who towered above the fur-swaddled rapper in a navy suit and light blue tie — guided her backstage to a room made famous by a ""Real Housewives of Potomac"" photo shoot. Bruesewitz staged playful TikTok videos featuring Minaj with both Trump and Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent, ensuring that the administration's development of a Roth IRA alternative was covered by TMZ and the Shade Room.
The 29-year-old Bruesewitz has become a key conduit between the White House and sports stars, influencers, and celebrities whom Trump advisors hope can help them reach audiences that do not consume traditional media. Before the 2024 election, Bruesewitz helped shift Trump's digital strategy away from its earlier focus on Facebook's older audiences and toward a more youthful emphasis on pop-culture-adjacent podcasts, meme culture, and mobile-friendly vertical video.
""I loved the split screen the American people were seeing,"" Bruesewitz said in an interview. ""On one side, they're saying Donald Trump is a dictator. On the other side, he's sitting with Theo Von, asking about cocaine and addiction, just curious.""
Bruesewitz does not have a formal role in the White House, but his high-octane approach to digital communication has informed the administration's online voice, from its gleeful meme-making around ICE raids to Pentagon videos that intersperse clips of crunching NFL tackles and video-game action with missile strikes in Iran.
Yet the political project that animates Bruesewitz is now in jeopardy. Polls show Republicans struggling to hold recent gains among young voters that some in the party hoped would herald a generational realignment. An Economist/YouGov survey this month found 64% of voters under 30 disapprove of Trump's job performance. Even larger numbers say the country is on the wrong track.
For Bruesewitz, this presents a daunting cultural challenge, as the same decentralized online ecosystem that embraced MAGA seems to be turning elsewhere. Podcasters who two years ago embraced the anti-establishment outsider corralling public anger are souring on an incumbent defending an unpopular status quo.
""It's so much easier to be on attack than on defense,"" Ron Filipkowski, a former Republican who leads the liberal media network MeidasTouch and has known Bruesewitz since they joined forces in 2023 to undermine Ron DeSantis's presidential campaign. ""Now Alex is on defense a lot, which I don't think he loves. He isn't as comfortable as he is in attack.""
Bruesewitz was raised in Ripon, Wisconsin, where the Republican Party is said to have been founded in 1854. But he first discovered politics on the airwaves. When he came home from school, Bruesewitz would sit with his single mother and watch Fox News: Sean Hannity, then Bill O'Reilly, on to sitcoms like ""Home Improvement"" and ""George Lopez.""
""Oh, you created this monster,"" Trump joked to her when they first met four years ago. (Bruesewitz hasn't spoken to his father since he was sixteen.)
At Ripon High School, Bruesewitz was elected class president after defeating a girl who had won the position every year. It quickly became clear to a friend that Bruesewitz preferred the campaign to the governance.
""He really just wanted to see if he could win,"" said Evan Long, who has known Bruesewitz since first grade. ""After he won it, actually doing the job of being class president wasn't appealing.""
Shortly after his election, Bruesewitz joked on Twitter that Ripon's varsity football team was losing because he had sold its playbook to an opposing school. Someone printed out the post and took it to the principal.
Bruesewitz decided to step down, not the only thing in high school he would abandon midway through — he quit the soccer team on the spot when he didn't get the jersey number he wanted. But Bruesewitz recognized that leaving the class presidency created a unique content opportunity: he put on a suit, rented out a room at the public library with a podium, and filmed a resignation address.
Months after graduating high school in 2015, Bruesewitz traveled to nearby Appleton, where he stood in the rain to hear Trump speak. He had already received a retweet from the presidential candidate a year earlier, after posting a photograph of Trump's International Hotel and Tower in Chicago and observing that its sign ""would look just as good on the White House.""
Despite pressure from his mother, Bruesewitz didn't enroll in college. He briefly followed her into real estate before abandoning it to join up with one of his would-be clients, a Hewlett-Packard salesman named Derek Utley, to start a political-consulting firm. Their first client was a Wisconsin-based conservative online school eager to expand its social-media reach.
Bruesewitz and Utley were learning the modern political game in the place where many young Trump-era operatives now pick it up: online. In 2017, the duo got their first client, a conservative Appleton homeschool academy they cold-called via Twitter direct message. But Bruesewitz set his sights beyond Wisconsin, renting a Washington apartment to matriculate at what he jokingly calls ""Trump University."" The lobby of the old Trump International Hotel (now the Waldorf-Astoria), where Trump administration officials and hangers-on gravitated during Trump's first term, was his campus.
The tragic Parkland school shooting in 2018 ultimately gave Bruesewitz his first mainstream client. As student survivors of the shooting gained large followings advocating for more gun control, Bruesewitz sought out a Trump supporter whose daughter was killed in the shooting. Bruesewitz volunteered to run Andrew Pollock's social media accounts as he used them to promote his nonprofit advocacy group, School Safety Grants. Pollack introduced Bruesewitz to Georgia activist Marjorie Taylor Greene, who hired Bruesewitz to help with social media in February 2020 as she sought a seat in Congress.
Over the course of the election year, Bruesewitz grew his online footprint as a prominent MAGA influencer while moving closer to the center of the Trump orbit. That November, he watched election returns from the White House alongside Charlie Kirk, the Turning Point USA founder whom Bruesewitz had first met online when he was 16. He went to bed confident, but by morning the mood had shifted. While Kirk headed to Arizona to speak at Stop the Steal protests, Bruesewitz did the same in Wisconsin.
Trump would enter political exile, marginalized by his party's top figures in the wake of the January 6 riots catalyzed by those like Bruesewitz and Kirk who denied the election outcome. But unlike many members of the Republican political class at the time, Bruesewitz was eager to associate with Trump, with whom he first spent extended time in 2022 at a golf tournament.
""He's a cultural figure,"" said Bruesewitz, who told me he keeps a drawer at home filled with printouts of tweets and articles Trump has autographed for him. ""That's what people miss. He is still basically the only cultural figure that we have in the Republican Party, as far as an elected official goes.""
At the time, Trump's own political future was uncertain, but Bruesewitz demonstrated his loyalty by relentlessly aiming at the once-and-future president's enemies. Bruesewitz could be vicious in a way that could feel at once both strategic and personal.
His greatest zeal was for intraparty conflict with other Republicans, escalating online spats, and speaking at rallies in their districts. He targeted Representatives Adam Kinzinger and Liz Cheney, who voted for Trump's impeachment and served on the House January 6 Committee, and senators John Cornyn, James Lankford, and Mitch McConnell when they worked with Democrats on legislation.
""Always a knife-fighter,"" said Garrett Ventry, a Republican consultant and lobbyist who at the time advised Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee. ""When people weren't backing Trump in '22 and '23, Alex leaned in.""
When Wisconsin Republican Mike Gallagher voted against impeaching a Democratic Cabinet official, Bruesewitz blasted him as a RINO and encouraged his followers to call Gallagher's office and demand he resign. Gallagher did so within days, leaving office midway through his term. Bruesewitz, who grew up in a neighboring district, disclosed to reportersthat he was thinking about running for the seat in a special election. That gambit helped freeze the race long enough for Bruesewitz to recruit a MAGA-friendly candidate, Tony Wied, and secure Trump's endorsement for him. Wied now serves in Congress.
""We treat content creation like a job because it is one,"" Bruesewitz wrote in his 2022 book ""Winning the Social Media War: How Conservatives Can Fight Back, Reclaim the Narrative and Turn the Tide Against the Left,"" which included a foreword by Charlie Kirk. ""If you're not planning content and it's exclusively reacting, you're losing.""
As Trump prepared to run for president again in 2024, Bruesewitz was hired by the candidate's MAGA Inc. super PAC to oversee its social-media strategy. He pursued DeSantis, Trump's most formidable Republican rival for the nomination, with a relentless ferocity.
""Governor, if I may, what are those?"" Bruesewitz posted along with a photo of DeSantis' strangely shaped cowboy boots, using the Gen-Z ""what are those?!"" meme to amplify a lighthearted mockery of DeSantis' shoe choice.
Bruesewitz relished the petty back-and-forth, which he usually conducted from a Florida apartment while playing video games. He quietly allied with Filipowski, the Democratic influencer who also saw DeSantis as a central threat, sharing research and clips so they could game social-media algorithms by amplifying one another with coordinated posts.
""If they got in the mud with me, then I was like okay we're going to finish it out,"" Bruesewitz told me. ""A guy like DeSantis was fun because he and his team would always react.""
What started online did not always stay online. At the CPAC conference in March 2023 , a pair of pro-DeSantis influencers confronted him in a hallway while filming to harangue him about the cowboy-boots episode. Bruesewitz erupted in response, referencing a since-deleted post from one of the DeSantis supporters.
""You're the one who said that you think 18 year-old girls are hot, right?"" Bruesewitz clapped back in front of the DeSantis influencer's wife.
After observing the verbal altercation, Trump adviser Taylor Budowich pulled Bruesewitz aside.
""Alex, you can have two paths in life. You can do the path that we just saw and be a social media person your entire life, or you can become a serious person. But it'll be hard for you to do both,"" Bruesewitz recalls his friend telling him. ""Which one do you want?""
In August of 2024, Bruesewitz moved from MAGA Inc. to Trump's campaign, joining the political team to help bolster relationships on Capitol Hill. But the assignment lasted only weeks, until he received a call directly from Trump asking him to take on a different role.
Trump's team had begun the year anticipating a natural online supremacy over President Joe Biden, who had adjusted only haltingly to shifts in the way voters received information. But when Biden stepped aside for Vice President Kamala Harris, those assumptions were dashed. Harris had a large staff managing her irreverent KamalaHQ accounts, whileTrump had just two employees focused on posting to Trump's accounts. ""You have great people,"" Bruesewitz told Trump, ""but not enough.""
Bruesewitz began working closely with a University of Utah student named Jack Fuetterer — whom Trump labeled ""TikTok Jack"" — to develop ideas they could pitch to the candidate. Sometimes Trump dismissed their ideas as ""too cute."" But often he obliged, helping inform an overall strategy based on what Bruesewitz considered Trump's greatest advantage with young audiences: his unrehearsed personality.
In one video, Bruesewitz and Fuetterer positioned a pair of legendary wrestlers next to Trump as they called out his Election Day opponent and her own wrestling-world supporter. ""You can go with President Trump, Kane, and The Undertaker, or you can take Kamala Harris, [retired wrestler] Dave Bautista, and Tim Walz,"" said The Undertaker, the stage name of Mark William Calaway. ""Choose wisely; the nation depends on it."" The video generated 36 million views on TikTok.
Co-campaign manager Susie Wiles asked Bruesewitz to assume the campaign's podcast-outreach portfolio after he helped prepare Trump for an August appearance with online streamer Adin Ross. (The candidate's son, Barron, had helped to arrange the interview.) Bruesewitz explained to Trump that Ross could ask about the case of Young Thug, a rapper being pursued by the same Atlanta prosecutor who had charged Trump with racketeering in a since-dropped case. During the interview, Trump told Ross that he thought Young Thug was being treated unfavorably.
That led to other podcast bookings, many at the direction of wrestling executive Dana White. They became a sphere for Trump to pursue conversations that often weren't expressly political, about his brother's battle with alcoholism with comedian Theo Von and extraterrestrial life with Joe Rogan. Trump's nearly three-hour conversation with Rogan alone generated nearly 30 million views on YouTube in the first 24 hours. Trump's defiant, funny, and socially unfiltered presence on these so-called ""manosphere"" shows, Bruesewitz believed, undercut the grim ""dictator"" narrative about his presidency pushed by Democrats.
""What Alex is good at is finding those rare celebrities, those quasi-celebrity types who are Trump-adjacent, and getting his hooks into them,"" said Filipkowski. ""He was breaking through to so many new people, largely through podcasts aimed at young men. That was a big part of the gains in 2024.""
Some of the most notable gains came with men under 50, a mix of both securing swing voters and mobilizing infrequent Republican-leaning ones. After backing Biden by 10 points in 2020, according to the Pew Research Center, men under 50 swung to give Trump a 12-point advantage four years later. Bruesewitz believes much of Trump's appeal with them came from offering an alternative to liberal rhetoric that makes them feel guilty about masculinity.
After Trump won a second term, Bruesewitz was offered a midlevel job as the White House's new-media director. He decided not to take it, choosing instead to stay at his 11-person firm, X Strategies, which has been hired by outside interests seeking his help in framing their causes in MAGA-friendly terms.
Among those clients is American Rights and Reform PAC, which paid Bruesewitz $300,000 for social-media posts encouraging the administration to reclassify cannabis as a less-dangerous narcotic. A Wall Street Journal report on Bruesewitz's contract caused consternation in the White House among those who accused him of cashing in on his Trump ties. He says he has supported marijuana decriminalization and that Trump backed such a policy as a candidate.
Even outside government, Bruesewitz remains a primary online narrator of the MAGA project. As a senior advisor to the super PAC Never Surrender, he runs the Trump War Room and Team Trump X accounts and helps manage the president's TikTok presence. His firm also produces podcasts hosted by Donald Trump Jr. and Katie Miller, a former administration staffer married to Trump deputy chief of staff Stephen Miller.
""Alex is one of the most talented operatives in the business and he developed key relationships that helped tremendously during the 2024 campaign,"" White House communications director Steven Cheung said. ""He continues to advise many people within the White House and in Trump World, and his advice carries significant weight."" White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt described Alex in a text as ""bright, loyal, and highly respected"" by the White House.
Along the way, Bruesewitz moved from the online shadows into the onstage spotlight. He also developed his public persona, with a schedule packed with speaking engagements at Republican events. Bruesewitz, who did not have a passport until 2023, visited 21 countries last year — from Argentina to South Korea — for speaking engagements promoting the MAGA message abroad.
He remains the White House's unofficial ambassador to pop culture, ushering a steady stream of celebrities and sports figures to Trump's side during his second term — from ""Wedding Crashers"" star Vince Vaughn to NFL coaching brothers John and Jim Harbaugh.
""Alex is a connector,"" said Indiana Sen. Jim Banks, who has hired Bruesewitz to advise his campaigns and the right-wing Republican Study Committee during his time as a House member. ""He develops relationships with significant and influential people in our culture that are aligned — maybe on this part, or that part, of our agenda — and brings them into the fold. I think it's so much more than social media.""
Bruesewitz recently arranged for Trump to appear on the debut episode of a new podcast from Jake Paul, in which the 29-year old influencer interviewed Trump following a rally in Kentucky. The interview, which drew 3.4 million YouTube views in its first few days, brought Trump in front of Paul's 21 million subscribers — and millions more across other platforms.
But such engagements have grown rarer in 2026, as many of the same podcasters and influencers that Trump legitimized in 2024 as political communicators are now moving away from Trump on issues like health policy, the Iran war, immigration enforcement, and Israel. It reflects a turnabout among young men, part of a broader retreat from MAGA among younger Americans. Polling this week from The Economist/YouGov shows Trump's approval rating among Gen Z voters has fallen to 24%.
""He's doing the exact opposite of everything I voted for,"" comedian Andrew Schulz said during an episode of his ""Flagrant"" podcast that aired six months after Trump took office. ""I want him to stop the wars — he's funding them. I want him to shrink spending, reduce the budget. He's increasing it. It's like everything that he said he's going to do, except sending immigrants back, and now he's even flip flopped on that.""
Adin Ross also suffered major financial losses after Trump's tariffs hit the market, losing over $10 million in his stock portfolio. In a separate livestream, he said he voted for who he ""thought was the better candidate"" at the time. Ross has said the experience makes him unlikely to ever again use his entertainment platform to support another politician or be otherwise involved in politics.
""I like these guys personally, but their criticism is unfounded and unfair. I'm not saying they don't have influence but I don't think people really tune into them for political dialogue,"" said Bruesewitz. ""These are comedians and funny people who talk about all trending topics. It's important to remember these guys weren't Trump lovers.""
Bruesewitz said his party will have to be more creative as it works to hold together the MAGA coalition — and its place in the Republican Party — without its figurehead on the ballot. After the 2024 election, he recalled, he was approached by many members of Congress seeking to replicate Trump's podcast strategy. But he struggled to get any of them booked on the same shows.
""These podcasters don't really want to talk to just rank-and-file everyday Republicans. They want to talk to people that transcend politics,"" he said. ""The president is kind of the only person that does that.""
The January event at the Mellon Auditorium was perhaps Bruesewitz's biggest coup yet: enlisting one of music's top stars to endorse a new policy initiative that needs public buy-in to have any impact.
Bruesewitz first met Minaj last year through Amber Rose, a model and influencer who spoke at the 2024 Republican National Convention. When Bruesewitz learned over dinner with Minaj that the Trinidad-born rapper's pastor, who was with them, was Nigerian, he brought up the topic of the killing of Christians in Nigeria. Days later, after Trump coincidentally made a Truth Social post that ""Christianity is facing an existential threat in Nigeria,"" Bruesewitz sent it to Minaj, who posted a screenshot along with thanks to Trump for ""taking this seriously.""
Minaj accepted an invite from Ambassador Mike Waltz to participate in a United Nations panel in November, where she called on world leaders to take action to block terror groups ISIS and Boko Haram from terrorizing Christian populations. Waltz called her ""not only arguably the greatest female recording artist, but also a principled individual who refuses to remain silent in the face of injustice.""
Trump launched strikes on ISIS in Nigeria on Christmas Day, calling it a consequence of the militant group's killing of innocent Christians ""at levels not seen for many years, and even centuries"" in a post on social media. The president told POLITICO he ordered the strikes to be delayed by one day so it would fall on Christmas, for symbolic reasons.
After a volley of mutual praise between Minaj and Trump-affiliated figures on social media, the administration scouted her as a potential champion for perhaps its biggest new policy program of 2026. Trump Accounts, a new tax-free investment vehicle established by provisions in the Big Beautiful Bill, would rely on individuals to voluntarily enroll.
A Treasury Department official asked Bruesewitz to approach Minaj, who agreed to participate in the program's launch event alongside Kevin O'Leary, the businessman and ""Shark Tank"" host. Minaj also promised to give several hundred thousand dollars to match Trump Accounts for her fans.
The program's launch was planned for just a few days ahead of Bruesewitz's scheduled wedding to fiancée Carolina Urrea, a black-tie event at Trump's Doral golf club whose invite list was filled with prominent names from across politics and pop culture.
""Carolina might not be happy that I've packed these few days before my wedding with so much,"" he said.
Before heading to Minaj's downtown hotel that morning, Bruesewitz stopped at a Georgetown salon for a trim of his short, neatly tapered haircut. He said his barber, Giuseppe Stalteri, had known him longer than many of the Washington figures who would be attending his wedding and were familiar with Bruesewitz only as one of Trump's most hard-charging defenders.
""Sometimes online persona doesn't match in-person persona,"" said Stalteri, with a laugh.
When they first met on the campaign trail in late 2024, Urrea — who was not on X — was unaware of Bruesewitz's social media identity. She was shocked at the end of their first date when the well-mannered guy in front of her showed her a derogatory tweet he had posted about former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie's waistline.
""I get it out mostly online,"" Bruesewitz said.
Bruesewitz's efforts to elevate his own profile, including by taking credit for political wins in which he played a limited role, have rankled some at the White House, according to interviews with two Trump associates granted anonymity to discuss interpersonal dynamics.
Exclusive photos from the ""star-studded, MAGA-packed wedding of Trump's podcast guru"" ended up in the New York Post's Page Six gossip column. The guest list included 50 Cent and Mike Tyson, alongside FCC Chairman Brendan Carr, White House Staff Secretary Will Scharf, and Republican National Committee Chairman Joe Gruters.
While Bruesewitz has worked to mend relationships with past Republican nemeses, like former McConnell aide Josh Holmes, he still knows how to hold a grudge. The morning after Texas Rep. Dan Crenshaw was defeated by a primary challenger earlier this month, Bruesewitz nostalgically exhumed the origins of his multi-year online feud with Crenshaw. After locating a 2022 post in which Crenshaw told Bruesewitz he wasn't really ""America First,"" Bruesewitz mused with satisfaction that, ""I wonder if he regrets tweeting.""
This story originally ran in POLITICO and appears on Business Insider through the Axel Springer Global Reporters Network. The network publishes major stories from the Axel Springer network of publications, a worldwide group of news outlets that includes Business Insider.
Jump to"
46,2026-04-03,"YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    I’m saying it: The Galaxy S26 is a better 'Pixel' than the Pixel 10
                                

                                    Galaxy S26 who? The Pixel 10 is back down to one of its lowest prices since launch
                                

                                    The best Android phones with an SD card slot 2026
                                
The Galaxy A37 and Pixel 10a target similar prices but focus on different priorities.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
 




Samsung's value pick for 2026
The Galaxy A37 is Samsung's most complete mid-range smartphone yet. It comes with a 6.7-inch AMOLED display and is powered by the Exynos 1480 processor. The phone includes a triple-camera setup, supports up to 45W charging, and is much thinner than the Pixel 10a.
 




AI-first Pixel experience at an affordable price
The Pixel 10a doesn't change much, but it refines what already worked. It runs on Google's Tensor G4 chip and features a 6.3-inch OLED display with up to a 120Hz refresh rate. The camera module now sits flush with the back, and the phone now supports faster 30W wired charging. The Pixel 10a also borrows some of the latest AI features from the flagship Pixel 10 series. 
The talk of the town might be Samsung's latest top-end Galaxy S26 series, but not everyone is looking to buy a flagship phone. A lot of people don't want to spend that much, and that's where the best mid-range Android phones still deliver a great experience.
Samsung hasn't forgotten about its mid-range lineup. The Galaxy A57 and Galaxy A37, follow-ups to last year's models, are now here. Just like the flagship series, the Galaxy A37 brings a bunch of new AI features powered by One UI 8.5, along with some meaningful hardware upgrades.
With a starting price of $450, the Galaxy A37 goes head-to-head with Google's Pixel 10a, which launched about a month prior. With both Galaxy A37 and Pixel 10a sitting in a similar price bracket, which one actually makes more sense to buy? Let's take a closer look and see how they compare.
 



The Galaxy A37 debuted on March 25, 2026, nearly a year after Samsung launched the Galaxy A36. As for pricing, the Galaxy A36 started at $400, but due to recent memory shortages and rising component costs, Samsung has bumped the Galaxy A37's starting price by $50. This means the base model now starts at $450 in the US, with 128GB of storage.
Samsung says a 256GB variant will also be available, though pricing for that hasn't been confirmed yet. In terms of colors, the Galaxy A37 comes in Lavender, White, Charcoal, and Graygreen.
On the other hand, the Google Pixel 10a debuted on February 18, 2026. Despite similar market conditions, Google has kept pricing unchanged from the Pixel 9a. The Pixel 10a starts at $499 in the US for the 128GB model, while the 256GB variant is priced at $599.
The Pixel 10a is available in four colors as well: Obsidian (black), Fog (pale green), Berry (red-pink), and Lavender (blue-purple).
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
 



Both the Galaxy A37 and the Google Pixel 10a stick closely to the designs of their predecessors. On the Galaxy A37, you get flat edges with rounded corners, a narrow-bezel display up front, and a vertically aligned pill-shaped camera module on the back.
Similarly, the Pixel 10a looks very similar to last year's Pixel 9a. It features a horizontal pill-shaped camera module, flat sides, curved corners, and a clean back with the 'G' logo in the center. One interesting change this year is that the Pixel 10a is 0.1mm thicker than the Pixel 9a, but the camera module now sits completely flush with the back.
The Galaxy A37's camera module still protrudes slightly, like most mid-range phones, so you might want to use a case to protect it. That said, the Galaxy A37 is noticeably slimmer at 7.4mm, compared to the Pixel 10a's thicker 9mm profile. The tradeoff here is that the Galaxy A37 is slightly heavier at 196g, while the Pixel 10a comes in at 183g.
 



When it comes to build, both phones take different approaches. The Galaxy A37 uses a plastic frame paired with a glass back, while the Pixel 10a features an aluminum frame with a polycarbonate back.
In terms of durability, both offer IP68 dust and water resistance. However, despite costing less than the Pixel 10a, the Galaxy A37 features a much stronger Gorilla Glass Victus+ on the front for better display protection, whereas the Pixel 10a uses Gorilla Glass 7i.
 



Moving over to the front, the Pixel 10a continues with a similar display setup as last year's Pixel 9a, featuring a punch-hole camera and relatively thicker bezels. You get a smaller 6.3-inch P-OLED panel with support for up to a 120Hz refresh rate and a resolution of 1080 x 2424 pixels. One advantage the Pixel 10a has over the Galaxy A37 is its much higher peak brightness of up to 3000 nits.
The Galaxy A37, on the other hand, comes with a larger 6.7-inch Super AMOLED display, also with a 120Hz refresh rate and a resolution of 1080 x 2340 pixels. While the display is bigger and has smaller bezels, its peak brightness tops out at 1900 nits, which falls noticeably short of the Pixel 10a.
 



Samsung used the Snapdragon 6 Gen 3 on last year's Galaxy A36, but with the Galaxy A37, the company has switched to its own Exynos 1480 chipset. It's built on a 4nm process and features an octa-core CPU with four Cortex-A55 cores clocked at 2GHz and four Cortex-A78 cores at 2.75GHz.
We haven't tested the Galaxy A37 yet, so we can't comment on real-world performance, but on paper, it looks like a step up from last year's chip.
On the other hand, one of the key selling points of the Pixel A series has been flagship-level chipsets. However, the Pixel 10a changes that slightly, as it uses the same Tensor G4 found in the Pixel 9a and Pixel 9 series. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but if you were expecting the newer Tensor G5 from the Pixel 10 series, you won't get that here.
In terms of internal storage, both phones offer 128GB and 256GB options. The Galaxy A37 starts with 6GB of RAM in some regions and offers 8GB and 12GB variants, paired with up to 256GB of storage. The Pixel 10a, on the other hand, comes with 8GB of RAM across both storage options. Neither phone includes a microSD card slot, so you'll have to rely on cloud storage if you need more space.
Category
Samsung Galaxy A37
Google Pixel 10a
Operating System
One UI 8.5 (Android 16), six years of OS upgrades
Android 16, seven years of OS upgrades
Display
6.7-inch Super AMOLED, 1080 x 2340 resolution, 120Hz, 1900 nits peak brightness, Gorilla Glass Victus+
6.3-inch Actua P-OLED display, 1080 x 2424 resolution, 120Hz, 3000 nits peak brightness, Gorilla Glass 7i
Processor
Exynos 1480
Google Tensor G4
RAM
6GB, 8GB, 12GB
8GB
Storage
128GB, 256GB
128GB, 256GB
Rear cameras
50MP wide camera, 8MP ultrawide camera, 5MP macro
48MP wide camera, 13MP ultrawide camera
Front camera
12MP
13MP
Battery
5,000mAh
5,100mAh
Charging
45W wired, no wireless charging
30W wired, 10W wireless
Durability
Aluminum frame, glass back
Plastic frame, Glass back
IP rating
IP68
IP68
Weight
196g
183g
Dimensions
162.9 x 78.2 x 7.4 mm
153.9 x 73 x 9 mm
Colors
Lavender, White, Charcoal, Graygreen
Obsidian, Fog, Berry, Lavender
Regarding software, both brands have been pushing a variety of AI features to their flagship devices, and it's good to see some of those trickling down to mid-range phones as well.
The Galaxy A37 is one of the few Samsung phones to run One UI 8.5 out of the box. This brings several newer features to a mid-range device, including upgraded Photo Assist with object eraser, storage sharing across Galaxy devices, a customizable Quick Settings panel, updated icons, and other under-the-hood improvements.
Similarly, the Pixel 10a also gets features that debuted on the Pixel 10 series, such as Magic Cue and support for the Pixel Screenshots app. It also includes emergency satellite SOS support, allowing you to connect to emergency services even in areas with no network coverage, something the Galaxy A37 doesn't offer.
 



It's great to see that both of these mid-range phones come with large batteries. The Galaxy A37 packs a 5,000mAh cell, while the Pixel 10a comes with a slightly larger 5,100mAh battery.
The Galaxy A37 also supports faster wired charging at up to 45W. And even though Google has improved wired charging speeds on the Pixel 10a to 30W, it still doesn't quite match the Galaxy A37.
One advantage the Pixel 10a has is wireless charging support up to 10W, something the Galaxy A37 doesn't offer. However, it's worth noting that while the Pixel 10 series supports Qi2 wireless charging with built-in magnets, the Pixel 10a doesn't include magnets, so you'll need a compatible case for that functionality.
 



While it may seem like the Galaxy A37 has an advantage with its triple-camera setup, that isn't necessarily the case. The Galaxy A37 features a 50MP primary sensor with an f/1.8 aperture, PDAF, and OIS. It's paired with an 8MP ultra-wide sensor with a 123-degree field of view and a 5MP macro lens. While a telephoto lens would've been more useful, Samsung has opted for a macro sensor instead.
The Pixel 10a comes with a dual-camera setup consisting of a 48MP primary sensor and a 13MP ultra-wide lens. While we haven't tested the Galaxy A37's camera yet, you can check out sample shots from the Pixel 10a in our full review.
When it comes to video recording, the Pixel 10a also has the edge, supporting 4K at up to 60 fps, while the Galaxy A37 tops out at 4K at 30 fps.
 



So, which smartphone should you buy, the Samsung Galaxy A37 or the Pixel 10a? It really comes down to your personal preferences, as both are among the best mid-range phones you can get at this price.
If you want a phone with a larger display for watching content, faster wired charging, and a slimmer overall profile, and you don't care about wireless charging, the Galaxy A37 is a great choice.
On the other hand, if you value fast Android updates and want a compact phone that feels comfortable in the hand and doesn't wobble on a desk thanks to its flush camera design, the Pixel 10a is a solid pick. While it shares a lot of hardware with the Pixel 9a, features like emergency satellite SOS support could prove useful for many users.
 




Samsung's safe bet
The Galaxy A37 focuses on delivering a big-screen experience without going expensive. It features a 6.7-inch AMOLED display and is one of the first few smartphones from Samsung to run on One UI 8.5 out of the box. You get a triple-camera setup here and a large 5,000 mAG battery with 45W charging.
 




Pixel software, lower price
The Pixel 10a keeps things simple and familiar, focusing on a pure Android software experience and camera consistency. It runs on Android 16 out of the box and comes with a few Pixel 10 flagship series AI features. The design is mostly identical to the Pixel 9a, and you get a 48MP + 13MP setup with a 5,100 mAh battery.
Sanuj is a tech writer who loves exploring smartphones, tablets, and wearables. He began his journey with a Nokia Lumia and later dived deep into Android and iPhone. He's been writing about tech since 2018, with bylines at Pocketnow, Android Police, Pocket-Lint, and MakeUseOf. When he's not testing gadgets, he's either sipping chai, watching football, or playing cricket.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
47,2026-04-03,
48,2026-04-03,
49,2026-04-03,
50,2026-04-03,
51,2026-04-03,"A Wealth of Common Sense
Posted April 3, 2026 by Ben Carlson
In the nine years from 2000 to 2008 the S&P 500 was down almost as many years as it was up:
That’s three down years in a row from 2000-2002 and then the big down year in 2008.
Since 2009 it’s been much smoother sailing.
The S&P has finished out the calendar year down just two times out of the past 17 years:
In 2018 the S&P 500 finished the year down a little more than 4%. Then the 2022 bear market saw stocks end the year down almost 20%.
And that’s it as far as annual losses go.
Of course, there have been corrections along the way.
There were five double-digit corrections in the 2010s. Two of them were a stone’s throw from 20% losses. The Covid bear market in 2020 saw losses in excess of 30% but the market finished the year with double-digit gains. The same thing happened last year following the Liberation Day kerfuffle. There was also a minor correction in 2023.
But most of those years still finished up.
The Russell 2000 and Nasdaq 100 haven’t had many down years in this cycle either.
Here are the Russell 2000 losses after 2008:
The Nasdaq 100 has had just one down year since 2008:
So losses have been few and far between for investors during this 17+ year-long bull market in U.S. stocks.
From 2000-2008 the Russell 2000 fared much better than the S&P 500 when it came to the magnitude of losses but still had plenty of down years:
Nasdaq 100 losses from 2000-2008 make almost everything else look faint by comparison:
Stock market ups and downs tend to be lumpy. Down years can cluster together or you just get one big flush that sees a severely negative year.
Could we see a down year in 2026? It’s certainly possible.
Through the close on Thursday, here are the year-to-date returns for these three indices:
Three thoughts about down markets:
But also don’t be surprised if this is yet another correction that leads to a decent year in stocks.
This is the dichotomy of investing in risk assets.
Michael and I talked about down years in the stock market and much more on this week’s Animal Spirits video:
<span data-mce-type=""bookmark"" style=""display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;"" class=""mce_SELRES_start"">﻿</span>
Subscribe to The Compound so you never miss an episode.
Further Reading:
How the Stock Market Performs After a Correction
Now here’s what I’ve been reading lately:
Books:
12018 was slightly negative for the ETF but the total return for the index was +0.04%.
This content, which contains security-related opinions and/or information, is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon in any manner as professional advice, or an endorsement of any practices, products or services. There can be no guarantees or assurances that the views expressed here will be applicable for any particular facts or circumstances, and should not be relied upon in any manner. You should consult your own advisers as to legal, business, tax, and other related matters concerning any investment.
The commentary in this “post” (including any related blog, podcasts, videos, and social media) reflects the personal opinions, viewpoints, and analyses of the Ritholtz Wealth Management employees providing such comments, and should not be regarded the views of Ritholtz Wealth Management LLC. or its respective affiliates or as a description of advisory services provided by Ritholtz Wealth Management or performance returns of any Ritholtz Wealth Management Investments client.
References to any securities or digital assets, or performance data, are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute an investment recommendation or offer to provide investment advisory services. Charts and graphs provided within are for informational purposes solely and should not be relied upon when making any investment decision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The content speaks only as of the date indicated. Any projections, estimates, forecasts, targets, prospects, and/or opinions expressed in these materials are subject to change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by others.
The Compound Media, Inc., an affiliate of Ritholtz Wealth Management, receives payment from various entities for advertisements in affiliated podcasts, blogs and emails. Inclusion of such advertisements does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by the Content Creator or by Ritholtz Wealth Management or any of its employees. Investments in securities involve the risk of loss. For additional advertisement disclaimers see here: https://www.ritholtzwealth.com/advertising-disclaimers
Please see disclosures here.
A Wealth of Common Sense is a blog that focuses on wealth management, investments, financial markets and investor psychology. I manage portfolios for institutions and individuals at Ritholtz Wealth Management LLC. More about me here.  For disclosure information please see here. 
Sign up for my newsletter so you never miss a post:
© 2026 A Wealth of Common Sense.

			Every month you'll receive 3-4 book suggestions--chosen by hand from more than 1,000 books. You'll also receive an extensive curriculum (books, articles, papers, videos) in PDF form right away.
		"
52,2026-04-03,"
Sign up with your email below to instantly access member features, newsletters and exclusive Insider perks


By submitting your information you agree to the
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
and are aged 16 or over.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest in phones
News, deals, reviews, guides and more on the newest smartphones
Latest in computing
News, deals, reviews, guides and more on the newest computing gadgets

Start exploring exclusive deals, expert advice and more


Member Rewards


Unlock and manage exclusive Techradar member rewards.

Save up to 40% on spring essentials at Lowe's

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
The Lowe's SpringFest sale is live, and it comes just at the right time. The weather is starting to warm up, which means it's time to stock up (and save) on outdoor essentials.• Shop Lowe's full SpringFest saleYou can save up to 40% on everything you need to spruce up your backyard, including patio furniture, landscaping tools, flowers, grills, lawnmowers, and more. I always head to Lowe's to stock up on flowers, mulch, and plants, and this year I have my eye on this beautiful, expensive-looking wicker patio set for $448.Lowe's is also offering deals on major appliances, with up to $1,000 in savings on refrigerators, washing machines, and dishwashers from brands like Samsung, GE, and Whirlpool.Below, you'll find links to Lowe's most popular SpringFest sale categories, followed by today's top deals on outdoor couches, hoses, grills, planters, and more. Keep in mind these are limited-time offers, and Lowe's SpringFest sale ends on April 22.
Lowe's SpringFest sale: patio furniture and accessory deals from $79Upgrade your outdoor space this spring with patio deals at Lowe's SpringFest sale. You can save up to $700 on patio sets, lounge chairs, umbrellas, rugs, and decor, with prices starting at just $79.
Lowe's SpringFest sale: save up to $400 on grillsThe Lowe's SpringFest sale is a great time to score record-low prices on grills, and Lowe's offers up to $400 in savings on its best-selling grills, starting at just $24.99. The retailer also offers discounts on grilling accessories, including covers, cleaning sets, and cooking tools. 
Lowe's SpringFest sale: save up to 40% off major appliancesLowe's SpringFest sale is offering over $1,000 in savings on best-selling major appliances. You can save up to 40% on refrigerators, washing machines, and dishwashers from brands like Samsung, GE, and Whirlpool. 
Lowe's SpringFest sale: up to $1,000 off lawnmowers and outdoor power toolsNo Lowe's spring sale is complete without an outdoor tools section, and, as you'd expect, today's sale has quite a few options. You can save up to $1,000 on lawnmowers, leaf blowers, trimmers, chainsaws, and a wide range of associated accessories. 
Lowe's SpringFest sale: save up to $130 on tools and accessoriesLowe's has one of the largest online selections of tools, and you can save up to $130 from brands like Dewalt, Craftsman, and Black and Decker. Today's SpringFest sale is an excellent opportunity to stock up and save on best-selling tools and handy accessories.
Lowe's SpringFest sale: lawncare, flowers, and garden accessories from $3.99Get your backyard ready for spring with Lowe's home and garden deals. You can save on planting soil, flowers, planters, garden decor, hoses, and more, with prices starting at just $3.99. 
Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
Mackenzie Frazier is the lead deals editor in the US for TechRadar at Future plc. She has been sharing deal advice for Future for the past eight years and loves finding products that consumers want at the best possible prices. She's had 11 years of experience working in e-commerce and loves being a mom to her two little boys.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

TechRadar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
53,2026-04-03,"With close to 200 countries between them, all seven continents are home to territorial disputes.
But in Africa, a territory the size of Colorado is designated by the United Nations as a non-self-governing territory, making it the largest disputed territory in the world.
Western Sahara borders Algeria, Mauritania, and Morocco, with the latter controlling about 80% of the territory. The eastern area is controlled by the Polisario Front, a nationalist military group made up of the Sahrawi ethnic group, who are native to the region.
The territory holds political significance for its phosphate rock reserves, offshore fishing, and location on the Atlantic coast. While Morocco claims Western Sahara as its own, the Polisario Front proclaims the territory to belong to the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic. Many Sahrawi people reside in refugee camps on the Algerian border.
Formerly controlled by Spain, the territory has never seen a referendum on independence for the native Sahrawis. As a result, many activists dub the territory ""Africa's last colony.""
See life in Western Sahara in photos.
Spain withdrew its rule in Western Sahara amid increasing resistance from the Polisario independence movement, and Morocco soon ushered in 350,000 Moroccans in a demonstration known as the Green March. Neighboring Mauritania also laid claim to part of the territory, but withdrew by the end of the decade due to military force from the Polisario Front.
After conflict ensued between Moroccan forces and Polisario fighters, a ceasefire was agreed upon in the 1990s under the auspices of the UN. Under the agreement, a referendum on independence was envisioned for the Sahrawi people, but the vote never took place.
The territory is divided diagonally by a Moroccan-constructed Berm, lined with land mines.
Fighting has resumed in recent years, though a Moroccan proposal for Western Saharan autonomy under Moroccan authority was addressed by the UN Security Council in 2025. It said Morocco's proposal should be taken as a basis for discussions toward ""a final and mutually acceptable political solution that provides for the self-determination of the people of Western Sahara.""
Polisario leaders oppose the plan and instead advocate a referendum on independence.
Located just 40 miles south of the Moroccan border, the city of Laayoune has a population of over 250,000, nearly half of Western Sahara's total population.
The city was founded during Spanish rule and served as the former administrative capital of the colony. Like most of the region, it has an arid desert climate.
Following the Green March, Morocco offered tax breaks to thousands of Moroccans as an incentive to move to the newly controlled territory, The Guardian reported. By 2015, it was believed that two-thirds of the Western Saharan population consisted of Moroccan settlers and their descendants.
Laayoune remains under constant supervision of UN peacekeeping forces, The Guardian reported.
Kourbine, or corvina, is a locally caught fish that is a staple of the area. A Sahrawi tea known as atay is a traditional drink that symbolizes respect.
Sahrawi Hassani music is popular in Laayoune, mixing elements from Arabic music with African rhythms, per The Guardian.
According to the US Department of State, the vast majority of people living in Western Sahara are Sunni Muslims, aside from Moroccan Christians and United Nations workers.
A report by Western Sahara Resource Watch estimated that phosphate exports from the region, controlled by Morocco, netted between $328 million and $656 million in 2022.
Morocco is the sole beneficiary of phosphate mining in Western Sahara. Critics say the mining violates international law, citing a UN legal counsel's 2002 opinion that the extraction of mineral resources would be illegal if they were carried out ""without respect to the interests and wishes of the people of Western Sahara.""
The Bou Craa Phosphate Mine, located southeast of Laayoune, is visible from space and features the world's longest conveyor belt, which stretches 60 miles long, according to NASA.
While fishing off the Western Sahara coastline is lucrative, the practice has been marked by controversy in recent years. For more than 15 years, a Moroccan fishing agreement with the European Union allowed European member states to participate in offshore fishing.
The agreement expired in 2023. In 2024, the EU's top court ruled that the trade deals were carried out and concluded without the consent of the Western Saharan people, Reuters reported.
The Moroccan-controlled city of Dakhla sits on a peninsula in the southern part of the territory and is home to over 100,000 residents.
Morocco launched substantial infrastructure projects to develop the city's port and to construct the Tiznit-Dakhla expressway, a road leading to Tiznit in Morocco, per SpecialEurasia.
Amnesty International reported that authorities in the Moroccan-controlled parts of Western Sahara have repressed dissent and peaceful assembly of Sahrawi people, such as an incident in January 2024 where police ""subjected protesters to beatings,"" the organization said.
In October 2010, Sahrawi demonstrators erected a camp near Laayoune in protest of alleged human rights abuses. Violence ensued after Moroccan forces clashed with protesters, resulting in 13 deaths, Amnesty International reported, though Moroccan officials and the Polisario Front each claim higher death counts.
Two of Morocco's 12 administrative regions, Laâyoune-Sakia El Hamra and Dakhla-Oued Ed-Dahab, sit inside Western Sahara. Like Morocco's other administrative regions, they feature governors and elected regional councils.
The Moroccan-controlled territory also has elected officials on a local level. Moulay Hamdi Ould Errachid has served as mayor of Laayoune since 2006, according to the Maghreb Arabe Press, Morocco's state-run news agency.
In 2021, Morocco's King Mohammed VI said, ""Today as in the past, Moroccan sovereignty over Western Sahara will never be up for negotiation,"" Al Jazeera reported.
Recently, Morocco has remained steadfast in its proposal to the UN, which would grant autonomy to Western Sahara under Moroccan rule. King Mohammed VI has appealed to Polisario forces to show support for the proposal, and has pledged Morocco's commitment to ""finding a solution where there are no winners or losers — a solution that preserves the dignity of all parties,"" per Hespress, a Moroccan media outlet.
In 2020, the United States recognized Morocco's sovereignty over Western Sahara in exchange for Morocco normalizing relations with Israel.
In recent years, a growing number of nations have supported Morocco's autonomy plan. Morocco World News cites 120 countries that back the proposal, and countries across the world have increasingly opened consulates in Moroccan-controlled Western Sahara.
Many Sahrawi people were displaced after the 1975 Green March, resulting in a refugee crisis. Refugees fled to the east, and now most of the 174,000 reside in camps in Tindouf, Algeria, according to the Migration Policy Institute.
Inhabitants of the camps face difficult conditions in the desert heat and are reliant on international humanitarian aid like the UN's World Food Programme.
The five refugee camps in Tindouf Province are mostly named after the cities their inhabitants fled from. The camps sit near the Algeria-Western Sahara border and are managed by the Polisario Front.
Algeria has shown sympathy for the Sahrawi cause, backing the Polisario Front and opposing Moroccan control of Western Sahara. The former French colony allows a degree of autonomy for Sahrawi people taking refuge in the country.
Military skirmishes between Moroccan forces and the Polisario Front have been ongoing since 2020, ending a ceasefire between the two parties that had held for nearly 30 years.
The fighting resumed after protesters blocked an important road in the territory, leading Moroccan forces to launch an operation to clear the barricade. The Polisario Front then declared the ceasefire to be over.
The Polisario Front claims the territory belongs to the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR). Polisario officials affirm Laayoune is its official capital, but governance is carried out in other controlled cities and outposts, as well as in the refugee camps in Tindouf Province, Algeria.
The SADR is only recognized by 47 countries, a number dwindling amid the growing support for Morocco's autonomy proposal, according to the US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants.
In Spain and elsewhere, advocates for Sahrawi independence attempt to make their voices heard through protests and organizing efforts.
The Sahara Marathon invites runners from around the world to trek across a portion of the arid desert near the Sahrawi refugee camps in Algeria. A portion of the proceeds goes towards aid and solidarity projects.
The organization describes it as ""a race to prevent the Saharawi people from being forgotten.""
Jump to"
54,2026-04-03,"
					By Ted Johnson 
Political Editor

	The job market rebounded in March, as employment increased by 178,000 and the unemployment rate fell slightly to 4.3%.

	The gains exceeded expectations, following job loss in February. The Bureau of Labor Statistics also revised data, adding an additional 34,000 jobs to January, showing a growth of 160,000, but subtracting 41,000 from February, showing a loss of 133,000.

	The biggest job gains were in health care, in construction and transportation and warehousing.

	Employment in movies and music continued to decline, shedding 1,100 jobs, at 337,400. Employment among broadcasting and content providers was flat, adding about 100 jobs to 334,200.

	










	Average hourly earnings rose by 9 cents, to $37.38. For the year, average hourly earnings have increased by 3.5%, ahead of the rate of inflation. 




			Watch on Deadline		






	Jason Furman, Harvard professor and chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Barack Obama, posted on X, “In sum, the economy is basically at the Fed’s interpretation of its maximum employment mandate. It has been at it for some time. It is stable there. There is no reason it needs to think about cutting rates. For now, of course, the data can always shift.”

More to come.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong.
Comment 
Name 
Email 
Website 
 



Δ
So are these numbers real?
Four more years.
Worth Noting: Trump fired all the data scientists at the Bureau of Labor Statistics and installed unqualified people who are loyal to him.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
55,2026-04-03,"As Dead by Daylight rapidly approaches its 10th anniversary, the developers at Behaviour Interactive have shared their secret to a successful live-service game: “You have to start by not making a live game.”"
56,2026-04-03,"The U.S. employment market rebounded in a big way from February's sizable losses.
According to a Friday morning release from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the country added 178,000 jobs in March, after losing 133,000 positions the previous month. Economist forecasts had been for 60,000 jobs to have been added.
The unemployment rate fell to 4.3% versus 4.4% in February and expectations for 4.4%.
At least part of the beat was due to a sizable downward revision in the February data from an originally reported decline of 92,000.
Trading quietly near the $67,000 level in the hours ahead of the data, bitcoin BTC$66,827.94 remained there in the minutes just following the report.
U.S stock index futures remained modestly lower, the Nasdaq 100 down 0.2%. The 10-year U.S. Treasury yield jumped four basis points to 4.36%.
Expectations about the future course of interest rates, of late, have been far more influenced by events in the Middle East and the price of crude oil than by the outlook for domestic economic growth.
As recently as last week, oil's surging price had markets forecasting imminent rate hikes by the U.S. Federal Reserve. Speaking earlier this week, though, Fed Chairman Jerome Powell said the central bank recognized that oil price shocks — while initially making headline inflation numbers look worse — can depress economic activity. He indicated that the Fed would be in no hurry to raise rates in response to short-term moves in crude oil prices.
This morning's strong beat suggests growing momentum in the economy, perhaps putting 2026 rate hikes back on the table.

More For You
Most crypto privacy models weaken as blockchain data grows. Encryption-based models like Zcash strengthen. CoinDesk Research maps the five privacy approaches and examines the widening gap.
Why it matters: 
As blockchain adoption scales, the metadata available to machine learning models scales with it. Obfuscation-based privacy approaches are structurally degrading as a result. This report provides a comprehensive comparison of all five major crypto privacy architectures and a framework for evaluating which models remain durable as AI capabilities improve.
More For You
Price tracks broader crypto flows, with range-bound structure intact until $1.35 breaks.
What to know: 
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
57,2026-04-03,"April 02, 2026
I just read Anil Dash’s recent piece, Endgame for the Open Web, and I think it is important.
He is right to point out that the open web is under pressure from powerful companies which have grown rich by extracting value from open systems and are now increasingly hostile to the norms that made those systems possible in the first place.
That said, I think it is important to be careful not to turn this into a story where AI is the problem, or even the beginning of the problem. The current AI wave is accelerating the enclosure of the web, but the open web’s troubles are much older than that. I wrote about part of this more than a decade ago in The Curse: winner-takes-all dynamics, convenience, monopoly power, and the cost of change were already pushing people toward centralization long before anyone worried about LLM crawlers.
Even further, I think it is too easy to tell the story as if the open web was simply attacked from the outside. It also obscures the fact that we actually traded the web away.
The large platforms did not become powerful only because they were aggressive, well funded, or unethical. They also became powerful because we chose them, repeatedly, even after their bargain had become obvious.
We rebuilt our social graphs inside private databases not because the audience was already there, but because the platforms promised us one in lured us with vanity follower counts or view counts. Then we did the rest of the work for them: we invited our friends, pushed our readers to follow us there, imported our communities, and slowly trained everyone around us to believe that these private spaces were the natural place for public life online.
We embedded the follow buttons, added the share widgets, installed the trackers, and told our friends, readers, coworkers, and communities that the right place to find us was Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn, Instagram, Substack, or whichever silo was ascendant that year.
We accepted that “free” was good enough, even when it was apparent that advertising would eventually require surveillance, optimization, concentration, and manipulation.
That is the part of the story I think we should sit with longer.
The most important feature of platforms was not their technology. It was convenience.
Convenience is not a superficial thing. It compounds. If a closed platform makes identity easier, payments easier, discovery easier, hosting easier, moderation easier, mobile apps easier, analytics easier, and the graph easier, then it does not merely offer a better product. It changes what people are willing to tolerate architecturally.
Once enough people internalize that convenience matters more than portability, then openness starts to look like a hobby rather than a public good.
The open web’s values were always expensive. Someone has to run the servers. Someone has to maintain the software. Someone has to define the standards. Someone has to pay for storage, bandwidth, security, spam mitigation, abuse handling, moderation, and UX work. The fantasy was never that these costs did not exist. The fantasy was that advertising would cover them without eventually reshaping the system around the needs of advertisers and intermediaries.
It is hard to look at the history of the last twenty years and not conclude that this was a catastrophic mistake.
I am not saying that users are primarily to blame, or even equally to blame. Power matters. Market structure matters. Monopoly power matters. Venture capital incentives matter. The choices of billionaires and large companies matter a great deal.
But neglect is not innocence.
If the open web was truly valuable, then why did so few of us support it economically?
Why were so many people willing to pay for streaming subscriptions, cloud storage, food delivery, and games, but so resistant to paying for publishing tools, independent software, hosting, RSS services, moderation, or membership systems?
Why did so many organizations (or even policitians) that loudly celebrated the open web still direct their communities toward closed channels as soon as growth, analytics, or convenience were on the table?
Why did we keep outsourcing identity, distribution, and monetization to companies whose incentives were obviously misaligned with ours?
It is because, collectively, we preferred the short-term consumer surplus of convenience over the long-term responsibilities of stewardship.
And that is not a moral failure of a few villains. It is a cultural choice.
If we want a better web, I do not think it will be enough to ring the alarm every time a big company behaves exactly as its incentives predict.
We also need to become more demanding of ourselves.
That means accepting a few uncomfortable things:
The better alternative may be less convenient at first.
The healthier model may require paying for things that used to appear free.
Owning your relationship with your audience may require more work than renting access to one on a platform.
Protocols without good products do not win, but products without user agency eventually become traps.
Most importantly, an open web cannot survive if most of its participants think of themselves only as consumers. Open systems require maintainers, contributors, donors, paying members, standards participants, hosts, and institutions willing to absorb some friction in exchange for resilience.
In other words, the open web needs netizens again.
It would mean publishing in places you can leave.
It would mean using tools that export data cleanly.
It would mean supporting independent software and media directly.
It would mean rebuilding social and economic primitives, identity, follow graphs, payments, memberships, discovery, on systems that are portable and not merely profitable.
It would mean judging products not only by whether they are delightful in the moment, but by whether they preserve freedom of movement later.
Written by Julien Genestoux. Entrepreneur, Hacker, Investor & Advisor You should follow me on Bluesky and Farcaster
This post was made possible by support from our members including:"
58,2026-04-03,
59,2026-04-03,"For what was meant to be the Golden Age of America, it’s sure looking like a recession could be on the cards.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics’ jobs report Friday found the U.S. added 178,000 jobs in March, surpassing expectations. But hidden in that good news was something else: The job losses in February were far worse than previously reported. Initially reported as a loss of 92,000 jobs, the labor market actually lost a total of 133,000 jobs that month.
This update means that February represented the largest U.S. job loss since December 2020, during the height of the coronavirus pandemic.
The labor market has been consistently brutal since Trump took office in January 2025. Yearly job growth was the worst it had been outside of a recession since 2003.
“March was somewhat encouraging, but it’s been a rocky year for the labor market with almost no hiring since last April,” Heather Long, chief economist at Navy Federal Credit Union, told CNBC. “The March data will keep the Federal Reserve on hold, but no one is declaring victory yet. It’s likely to be a tough spring for job-seekers.”
The rough months come while Trump spends millions in taxpayer money on a golden ballroom for himself and his cronies (not to mention billions on his unpopular and unauthorized Iran war). Some Jay Gatsby parallels spring to mind—although at least Gatsby’s lavish spending was guided by unrequited love and a desire to fit in. Trump’s is more just because he’s a senile egoist.
A U.S. fighter jet was reportedly shot down by Iran on Friday. Iran is offering a “precious prize” to anyone who captures the pilot alive. 
Iranian state media reported, and U.S. officials have anonymously confirmed to various outlets, that an American F-15 fighter jet was shot down over southern Iran. If confirmed by the U.S. military, this would be the first time Iran shot down a fighter jet over the country since the war began five weeks ago.
The Trump administration has thus far refused to publicly comment on the news.
There are conflicting reports as to whether the pilot of the jet was able to successfully eject before the crash. But just in case they did, Iranian state media is encouraging anyone who can to hunt them down.
“If you capture the enemy pilot or pilots alive and hand them over to the police, you will receive a precious prize,” an anchor said. 
This is yet another nightmare scenario on the thirty-fifth day of a war that Trump has been declaring over for weeks. The image of Iran civilians going after a downed U.S. pilot does not align with the rhetoric of Iran being subdued and defeated like Trump and Defense Secretary Hegseth have been saying. And while Iran has claimed to have shot U.S. planes down before, it has not gone on live TV to invoke a manhunt for a U.S. soldier.
Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth’s rampant racism and sexism extend further than we previously knew. 
Hegseth has made efforts to block or delay the promotion of more than one dozen female and Black officers across the Army, Air Force, Navy, and the Marines, according to nine U.S. officials familiar with the process who spoke with NBC News. 
“There is not a single service that has been immune to this level of involvement by Hegseth,” one of the U.S. officials told NBC News.
These leaks come just hours after Hegseth removed General Randy George, the Army’s chief of staff, in the midst of Donald Trump’s reckless war in Iran. George had recently asked to meet Hegseth to discuss his decision to thwart promotions for female and Black service members, but Hegseth refused, two of the U.S. officials told NBC News. Clearly, military officials aren’t pleased with Hegseth’s decisions. 
The apparent reasons to block these promotions varied but seemed to have nothing to do with conduct—more with the identities of the officers and what they represented to Hegseth. 
Two officials told NBC News that the officers whose advancement were blocked had been supportive of mask mandates or were Black or female, and therefore attached to the DEI programs Hegseth has spent months railing against. Another officer was denied a promotion due to their affiliation with former Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Mark Milley, the officials said. 
Hegseth blocked the promotions of three Marines, including two women and one Black man. He held up a list of naval officers who’d been selected to become one-star admirals, sparking concern that some could be removed over race or gender. In the Air Force, female officers and members of racial minority groups were pulled off a list for promotion, among others.
Hegseth’s moves could also prove dangerous, considering the U.S. is in the middle of a war. Preventing senior officers from taking over their new posts could hurt military readiness.
The man tapped to fill Pam Bondi’s shoes isn’t any better at handling the Epstein files than she was.
Hours after Donald Trump named him as Bondi’s temporary successor on Thursday, acting U.S. Attorney General Todd Blanche took to Fox News, weaving a bold-faced lie about the celebrity pedophile investigation to the network’s conservative audience.
“The Department of Justice has now released all the files with respect to the Epstein saga,” Blanche said. “[Former] Attorney General Bondi and I appeared in front of Congress voluntarily a couple weeks ago to answer any questions they had. We have made every single congressman—senator—available to come and see any document, redacted or unredacted, that they want.
“To the extent the Epstein files was a part of the past year of this Justice Department, it should not be a part of anything going forward,” Blanche added.
But the notion that the DOJ has released everything it has on the Epstein files just isn’t true. 
The agency has released roughly 3.5 million pages of evidence related to Epstein’s crimes, but according to a memo from Blanche’s former office in January, the DOJ’s “collection efforts resulted in more than 6 million pages being identified.” That would suggest the agency has only released about half of the evidence that DOJ employees had already determined to be related to the case.
Failing to provide all of the documentation related to the Epstein files is in violation of the Epstein Files Transparency Act, passed by Congress and signed by Trump into law in November.
Lawmakers were quick to call out the discrepancy in Blanche’s numbers, indicating that the Epstein files are likely to be just as big an issue for the new DOJ chief as for his predecessor.
“This is a lie. About 50 percent of the files have been released and per our subpoena it’s illegal to withhold them,” wrote California Representative Robert Garcia on X, responding to a clip of the interview. “Blanche may think it’s over, but we are just getting started.”
At least one Republican similarly put Blanche to task, reminding the new DOJ head of the looming release deadline.
“Congratulations AG Blanche,” posted Kentucky Representative Thomas Massie. “Now you have 30 days to release the rest of the files before becoming criminally liable for failure to comply with the Epstein Files Transparency Act.”
President Trump is seeking the largest military budget in this country’s modern history for 2027, even as a multitude of domestic issues—from health care to housing, to the general cost of living—continue to persist. 
The White House on Friday requested $1.5 trillion from Congress, which would amount to a 40 percent increase from what the Pentagon spent this fiscal year. The budget would come at the expense of the social safety net, with the administration estimating at least $73 billion in cuts across domestic programs. This comes just days after Trump told his supporters at a private lunch that “it’s not possible for us to take care of daycare, Medicaid, Medicare, all these individual things.”
The White House’s budget fact sheets state its intention to “cut woke programs” like the Environmental Protection Agency’s Environmental Justice Program, the Community Services Block Grants meant to address poverty, and the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, which supports banks and lenders in underserved parts of the country. The Trump administration claims such programs have been “hijacked by radicals” and “advance critical race theory.”
Trump is asking for a trillion-dollar check for death and destruction while actively shutting down programs that help Americans of all backgrounds, all while so many people can’t afford to buy a home, pay off their student loans, or even break a leg. 
This story has been updated. 
President Donald Trump is bragging about committing war crimes in Iran—and promising to commit even more. 
The U.S. military executed a double-tap strike on a highway bridge outside of Tehran, according to a U.S. official who spoke anonymously to The New York Times Thursday.
The two strikes reportedly struck the bridge roughly an hour apart, with the second arriving while emergency responders, who are considered protected civilians, were assisting the wounded.
In a post on Truth Social Thursday night, the U.S. president appeared to celebrate that strike and promise more destruction like it. 
“Our Military, the greatest and most powerful (by far!) anywhere in the World, hasn’t even started destroying what’s left in Iran. Bridges next, then Electric Power Plants! New Regime leadership knows what has to be done, and has to be done, FAST!” Trump wrote. 
The military official claimed the strike site was a planned military supply route for Iran’s missile and drone forces, but Iran’s deputy governor of Alborz Province, Ghodratollah Seif, flatly denied that characterization, according to the Times.
Seif said that there was “absolutely no military activity” on the bridge. The dead and wounded reportedly included civilians who had been picnicking in a nearby park for the final day of the Persian New Year. 
A former State Department lawyer told the Times that the bridge appeared to have been “targeted not to provide any military advantage but in the hopes of coercing Tehran and generating content.”
Of course, extensive destruction not justified by a military necessity is a war crime, and these wouldn’t be the first the U.S. military has committed in Trump’s reckless war. 
Despite being fired by President Trump on Thursday, outgoing Attorney General Pam Bondi may still have to respond to a congressional subpoena and testify under oath in two weeks.
Last month, five Republicans joined every single Democrat on the House Oversight Committee to vote to subpoena Bondi, and on Thursday, Democrats and even Republicans on the committee said that they still expected Bondi to show up and answer questions about her handling of the government’s release of files on convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein.
“Pam Bondi and Donald Trump may think her firing gets her out of testifying to the Oversight Committee,” ranking member Robert Garcia posted on X, along with a statement on behalf of the committee’s Democrats. “They are wrong—and we look forward to hearing from her under oath.”
Republicans didn’t hold back, either.
“My subpoena still stands,” Republican Representative Nancy Mace posted. “When the Oversight Committee moved to subpoena Bondi, I did it by name, not by or not as the sitting Attorney General of the U.S. RELEASE THE EPSTEIN FILES.”
Representative Lauren Boebert, also a Republican member of the committee, made a joke about Bondi’s infamous comments about stock market gains in response to questions about Epstein during a congressional hearing in February.
“DOW fell below 50,000?” Boebert posted on X, suggesting she has little sympathy for Bondi and may also still support the subpoena.
Republican Representative and Oversight Chair James Comer isn’t being so forthcoming, though. In a statement, a committee spokesperson said, “Since Pam Bondi is no longer Attorney General, Chairman Comer will speak with Republican members and the Department of Justice about the status of the deposition subpoena and confer on next steps.”
Will Trump and his fellow Republicans stop Bondi from testifying? While the president was clearly dissatisfied with Bondi’s performance (and her firing may have had to do with more than just Epstein), he may try to keep her quiet because of how much she knows about him.
Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth has fired the highest-ranking Army officer in the country in the middle of the U.S. war on Iran.
On Thursday, CBS News reported that Hegseth had asked Gen. Randy George, the Army’s chief of staff, to step down and retire. The Biden appointee’s term was set to end in 2027; Army chiefs of staff typically serve four-year terms. George joins more than a dozen high-ranking military officers who have been fired since Hegseth and his ultra-hawkish ideology took over at the Pentagon.
According to CBS, the Pentagon wanted someone who’d do a better job of listening to Hegseth and President Trump and their vision for the Army. “We are grateful for his service, but it was time for a leadership change in the Army,” an official said. The move comes at a crucial moment, as the U.S.-Israeli joint war in Iran grows more serious. On Thursday, Trump and Hegseth promised to bomb Iran “back to the Stone Age.”
President Donald Trump has to nominate someone to replace Attorney General Pam Bondi and, big surprise: His options are all bad. 
Ahead of Bondi’s ouster Thursday, reports were already swirling that a dissatisfied Trump was planning to tap Lee Zeldin, administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to replace her. 
Since taking on his role in January 2025, Zeldin has been a fierce supporter of Trump’s agenda, overseeing what he called “the largest act of deregulation in the history of the United States.” 
To achieve the president’s energy production goals, Zeldin has tried to make life easier for polluters by eviscerating auto fuel standards, oil drilling limits, and the “endangerment finding” underlying emissions regulations. Under Zeldin, Trump’s EPA is overseeing a historic decline in enforcement of the nation’s environmental laws.
Zeldin has a legal background, and became the youngest attorney in New York state at the time in 2004, at the age of 23. He served in Congress from 2015 until 2023, where he supported Trump in both of his impeachments and voted against certifying the results of the 2020 election. 
But there are other names being floated to replace Bondi. 
One person being discussed as a potential new attorney general is Jeanine Pirro, U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia, according to MeidasTouch’s Scott MacFarlane. 
The former Fox News host Trump tapped for the top federal prosecutor in the nation’s capital would certainly be loyal: She once bragged about how far she went to push Trump’s claims that the 2020 presidential election had been stolen.
But Pirro is mired in many of the same kinds of disasters that plagued Bondi’s reign. Pirro’s office was behind a thwarted effort to pursue a criminal investigation into Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell, one of the president’s perceived enemies. Pirro’s office also failed four separate times to indict one woman accused of assaulting a federal agent. And in February, Pirro enraged the MAGA base when she warned citizens not to bring firearms to the District of Columbia. 
Some senators are hoping Trump will hear their pitch for Utah Senator Mike Lee as attorney general, two sources with knowledge of the matter told NOTUS. Lee is probably best known for posting MAGA conspiracy theories and shitposting online. 
Lee spent several years as an attorney with a private law firm in appellate and Supreme Court litigation before serving for three years as an assistant U.S. attorney in Salt Lake City. He later held a one-year clerkship with Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito. 
For now, Trump has promoted Deputy Attorney General Todd Blanche to interim attorney general. 
Nearly 40,000 poor and working-class people in Puerto Rico were promised accessible solar panels and battery storage from the U.S. government following massive blackouts after Hurricane Maria in 2017 and Hurricane Fiona in 2022. Within a year of Donald Trump winning his second term as president, his administration eliminated the programs.
On Thursday, Grist reported that the Trump administration has diverted a large chunk of funding away from the Energy Resilience Fund, a $1 billion program Congress formed in 2022, and handed over what’s left of it to the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, or PREPA—a government-owned energy company with a history of corruption and incompetence. On top of that, in January, Trump’s Department of Energy eliminated $350 million in grants to low-income households on the island to set up their own solar systems.
“Why would you cancel something that is working as intended and being executed, to give it to someone that has a bad history?” a former Energy Department official told Grist, referring to PREPA. “Why are we risking these funds?”
The ailing state of Puerto Rico’s power grid was exacerbated by Hurricane Fiona in 2022 and Hurricane Maria in 2017. Both resulted in blackouts across the island, and the infrastructure failure caused by the former—not by the storm itself—killed around 3,000 people in Puerto Rico. Now Trump has placed the power grid, and the safety of thousands of Puerto Ricans, in flux as hurricane season approaches once again.
Only 6,000 solar battery units were placed before the ERF’s funding was cut. Read the full report here."
60,2026-04-03,
61,2026-04-03,Telsey Advisory raised the firm’s price target on PVH Corp. (PVH) to $84 from $74 and keeps a Market Perform rating on the shares. The company delivered a...
62,2026-04-03,"White House says March jobs report ‘blew out expectations’ with gains made in the healthcare and construction sectors.
Save
Share
Job growth in the United States rebounded in March despite the looming economic uncertainty pegged to tariffs and ongoing war on Iran.
Friday’s monthly job report from the US Bureau of Labour Statistics showed that the unemployment rate in March tumbled. Non-farm payrolls grew by 178,000 jobs, following a drop in February that was revised even further downward to 133,000 in lost jobs. The unemployment rate is currently at 4.3 percent.
The biggest gains in March were in the healthcare sector, which added 76,000 jobs — higher than the 29,000 average monthly increase in the sector over the last year.
The gains, however, came after a large-scale nursing strike ended on February 24. That protest had taken more than 30,000 healthcare workers off of payrolls, helping to account for the rebound in March.
The construction sector had the second largest jump in employment, with 26,000 jobs added in March. Transportation and warehousing also grew with 21,000 jobs over the previous month, though the sector has lost 139,000 jobs overall since February 2025.
The federal government — the single largest employer in the US — continues to shrink, as President Donald Trump continues his push to address “waste, fraud and abuse”. It cut 18,000 federal employee positions in March, marking a 355,000 job decline from this time last year.
The White House, however, praised this month’s jobs report as evidence that Trump’s policies were stimulating the domestic economy.
“The March jobs report blew out expectations with strong construction job growth and a surge in manufacturing job creation as trillions of dollars in investments begin to materialize,” White House deputy press secretary Kush Desai wrote in a post on the social media platform X.
In his statement, Desai brushed aside concerns about the economic instability during the Iran war, dubbed Operation Epic Fury, which has sent prices for fuel and fertiliser surging higher.
“America remains on a solid economic trajectory thanks to President Trump’s proven agenda of tax cuts, deregulation, tariffs, and energy dominance,” he said.
“Americans can rest assured that after the short-term disruptions of Operation Epic Fury are behind us, America’s economic resurgence is set to only accelerate.”
 

 
However, experts say that the impact of the US conflict with Iran is not yet reflected in the country’s job numbers.
Economists at the banking firm JPMorgan cautioned that “negative payroll readings in any given month will become more common”, adding that “even with job growth sufficient to stabilize the unemployment rate, there could be negative payroll readings at least a third of the time”.
Angela Hanks, the chief of policy programmes at the think tank The Century Foundation, echoed that assessment in a statement to Al Jazeera.
”The topline rate does not yet reflect the war’s impact on the job market,” she said. “Wage growth has stalled, and oil prices are skyrocketing, resulting in higher prices for consumers and threatening to weaken the job market.”
US consumers are feeling the pinch in other areas. The University of Michigan’s consumer sentiment survey, which tracks economic optimism, dropped by 6 percent in March to hit its lowest level since December 2025.
Restricted traffic in the Strait of Hormuz, as a result of the conflict, has also been reflected in the uptick in gas prices.
The average price for a gallon of petrol is $4.09 ($1.08 per litre), up from $3.10 ($0.82 per litre) this time a month ago, according to the American Automobile Association (AAA), which tracks petrol prices nationwide.









Follow Al Jazeera English:"
63,2026-04-03,"In this week's comments update, readers are discussing Henriquez Partners Architects' designs for a trio of skyscrapers in Vancouver, including the city's first supertall skyscraper.
When completed, the 1,033-foot-tall (314 metre-tall) skyscraper is set to be wrapped in a steel exoskeleton covered in white panelling and glass. Its form and facade pattern take cues from sea glass sponges, according to the studio.
""Bravo to the designers and developers!"" 
Commenters questioned the skyscraper's aquatic inspiration, debating the balance between its aesthetics and design.
""This is the most beautiful and exciting project to be brought before city council in Vancouver in my living memory,"" wrote Anthony Hartnell. ""Bravo to the designers and developers!""
Commenter Ted was impressed by the marine-inspired design, writing ""It's refreshing to see a 'supertall' project that draws its primary aesthetic and structural logic from local marine biology rather than just standard glass-and-steel geometry.""
They added ""can't wait to see how that summit atrium feels in person!""
Other readers were less excited. ""There are few towers in the world, even in the USA or the Middle East, able to challenge for the worst nouveau-riche-kinky-expressive trophy,"" scathed Pa Varreon. ""This Canadian one is on the ranks.""
Frank Lloyd Wrong was similarly critical, saying ""Everybody knows the non-market tower will never get built,"" before suggesting ""the only thing these towers are missing are feather boas.""
What's your take? Join the discussion ›
""Leave it to the French to invent 3-way ping pong!""
Also scoring points in the comments section this week was Ping Pong Park, a series of quirky table tennis tables created by studio Exercice for a school in France.
Commenters were overwhelmingly positive, supporting the unusual way of encouraging creativity among children.
""The table with a hole each end would be bloody frustrating, but I really like the 3-way table and the table with raised sides,"" reflected Brett S.
The Discreet Architect was just as enthused, ""Fantastic! I would love to try these out.""
Camille Jung raved, ""GENIUS. Love it,"" while BOBinRSI3 joked, ""Leave it to the French to invent 3-way ping pong!""
Other readers were more measured in their assessments, with Dik Coates writing, ""Lovely... I don't know if there are 'legal' sizes of tabletop, but I suspect there are.""
Nick Marshall was sceptical, arguing ""Table tennis is a great leisure activity, almost perfect in its simplicity. It does not need to be any more 'creative'. This is a complete waste of time and effort.""
What do you think? Join the discussion ›
""An absurdly kitsch tower of Babylon""
One project on which readers could agree this week was US President Donald Trump's release of the renderings of the presidential library skyscraper in Miami.
The video rendering, which was shared by Trump on his Truth Social account on Monday, was designed by American architecture studio Bermello Ajamil & Partners, according to its end title.
Readers were rather derisive, with Pa Varreon writing, ""There is one statue missing according to earlier press releases; perhaps they could borrow some gold painted statues, from Disney Epcot in that very State of Florida?"" while Arch joked ""They forgot the Nobel peace prize in the lobby visualisation.""
Similarly amused, The Truth wrote, ""As part of Trump's commitment to this building achieving LEED Gold status, all toilets will be flushed using harvested Liberal Tears.""
""I'm gonna play devil's advocate and say Trump has better taste than this but the golden escalator is evidence this is not an April Fool's prank. That gold statue of him is way too thin though,"" said Stranger Than Fiction.
Other commenters took a more blunt view.
""An absurdly kitsch tower of Babylon. It's a supremely fitting monument that will be laughed at over the centuries,"" Guy Wilkins wrote.
Floooo was similarly scathing, ""Gosh is this tacky, oversized and cheap... And right next to Miami's Freedom Tower, tasteless provocation"".
Have you had your say yet? Join the discussion ›
Comments update
Dezeen is the world's most commented architecture and design magazine, receiving thousands of comments each month from readers. Keep up to date on the latest discussions on our comments page and subscribe to our weekly Debate newsletter, where we feature the best reader comments from stories in the last seven days.
Sent on alternate Fridays, this US edition of Dezeen Agenda is a fortnightly newsletter rounding up everything you need to know from America, featuring news, projects and interviews with industry figures. Plus occasional updates and invitations to Dezeen events.
A quarterly newsletter rounding up a selection of recently launched products by designers and studios, published on Dezeen Showroom. 
Our most popular newsletter, formerly known as Dezeen Weekly, is sent every Tuesday and features a selection of the best reader comments and most talked-about stories. Plus occasional updates on Dezeen’s services and breaking news. 
Sent every Thursday and containing a selection of the most important news highlights. Plus occasional updates on Dezeen’s services and invitations to Dezeen events. 
A daily newsletter containing the latest stories from Dezeen.
Daily updates on the latest design and architecture vacancies advertised on Dezeen Jobs. Plus occasional news.
Weekly updates on the latest design and architecture vacancies advertised on Dezeen Jobs. Plus occasional news.
News about our Dezeen Awards programme, including entry deadlines and announcements. Plus occasional updates.
News from Dezeen Events Guide, a listings guide covering the leading design-related events taking place around the world. Plus occasional updates and invitations to Dezeen events.
News about our Dezeen Awards China programme, including entry deadlines and announcements. Plus occasional updates.
We will only use your email address to send you the newsletters you have requested. We will never give your details to anyone else without your consent. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email, or by emailing us at [email protected].
For more details, please see our privacy notice.

You will shortly receive a welcome email so please check your inbox.
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of every newsletter.
""Asteroid: I think it's time"" says commenter
""Our relentless, mindless consumption is trashing the ...
""We need a version with a chewed up end"" says commenter
""A little over the top but it makes a statement"" says commenter
""I'm dreading a future where all work is done by AI"" says ...
""To chop this structure up feels tragic"" says commenter
""A handsome, compact, efficient building"" says commenter
""Trump and good design go together like oil and water"" says ...
Visit our comments page | Read our
                            comments policy

Subscribe to our newsletters
Sent on alternate Fridays, this US edition of Dezeen Agenda is a fortnightly newsletter rounding up everything you need to know from America, featuring news, projects and interviews with industry figures. Plus occasional updates and invitations to Dezeen events.
A quarterly newsletter rounding up a selection of recently launched products by designers and studios, published on Dezeen Showroom. 
Our most popular newsletter, formerly known as Dezeen Weekly, is sent every Tuesday and features a selection of the best reader comments and most talked-about stories. Plus occasional updates on Dezeen’s services and breaking news. 
Sent every Thursday and containing a selection of the most important news highlights. Plus occasional updates on Dezeen’s services and invitations to Dezeen events. 
A daily newsletter containing the latest stories from Dezeen.
Daily updates on the latest design and architecture vacancies advertised on Dezeen Jobs. Plus occasional news.
Weekly updates on the latest design and architecture vacancies advertised on Dezeen Jobs. Plus occasional news.
News about our Dezeen Awards programme, including entry deadlines and announcements. Plus occasional updates.
News from Dezeen Events Guide, a listings guide covering the leading design-related events taking place around the world. Plus occasional updates and invitations to Dezeen events.
News about our Dezeen Awards China programme, including entry deadlines and announcements. Plus occasional updates.
We will only use your email address to send you the newsletters you have requested. We will never give your details to anyone else without your consent. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email, or by emailing us at [email protected].
For more details, please see our privacy notice.
You will shortly receive a welcome email so please check your inbox.
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of every newsletter."
64,2026-04-03,"Microsoft Corp (NASDAQ: MSFT) is one of the best blue-chip AI stocks to buy now. On March 27, Microsoft formed a strategic partnership with Victoria..."
65,2026-04-03,"Register now and come ready to rethink how you're allocating AI search effort.
You don’t need to code to build working SEO tools, just the right prompts and process.
Get this step-by-step kit to go from idea to working product.
Register now and come ready to rethink how you're allocating AI search effort.
Discover how leading publishers are pivoting to a unified approach that breaks down silos, focuses on the right KPIs, and supports sustainable revenue.
Register now and come ready to rethink how you're allocating AI search effort.
Discover how leading publishers are pivoting to a unified approach that breaks down silos, focuses on the right KPIs, and supports sustainable revenue.
Matt Mullenweg invokes Will Smith's Oscars slap in response to Cloudflare boasting that EmDash is a successor to WordPress.
WordPress co-founder Matt Mullenweg responded to Cloudflare’s announcement of EmDash as the spiritual successor to WordPress by invoking Will Smith’s Oscars slap. Cloudflare’s CEO responded by doing exactly what Mullenweg told him not to do.
Mullenweg’s first criticism of the new EmDash was the claim that it was the spiritual successor to WordPress. He made the point that WordPress can be installed and used on virtually any device and on any platform, saying that this was a part of their mission to democratize publishing by making it easy to deploy on almost any kind of infrastructure.
Although he didn’t say it out loud, the implication is clear: WordPress can be deployed everywhere, and EmDash is not as flexible.
Matt aimed his next comment straight at Cloudflare:
“You can come after our users, but please don’t claim to be our spiritual successor without understanding our spirit.”
Back in the early 2000s, Googlers were famous for their friendliness and smiles. I don’t think it was a calculated thing; the smiles were not a persona; it was genuine. I believe that many of the Googlers who had interactions with the SEO community were genuinely friendly and truly wanted to help people with their SEO issues. When I lived in San Francisco, I had many visits at Google and had nothing but positive experiences.
Matt affects that same kind of persona where he speaks with a smile. But he also does it while being critical of things, which is a kind of dissonant thing to witness. His response to Cloudflare is the written equivalent of that approach.
It follows compliment sandwich pattern:
Done correctly, with tact and genuine empathy, it can soften criticism. It’s a valid approach to providing critical but helpful feedback.
Matt accused Cloudflare of using EmDash as a way to promote their infrastructure, but he did it with a smile.
He criticized:
“I think EmDash was created to sell more Cloudflare services.”
Then he switched over to the positive statement:
“And that’s okay! It can kinda run on Netlify or Vercel, but good stuff works best on Cloudflare. This is where I’m going to stop and say, I really like Cloudflare! I think they’re one of the top engineering organizations on the planet; they run incredible infrastructure, and their public stock is one of the few I own. And I love that this is open source! That’s more important than anything. I will never belittle a fellow open source CMS; I only hate the proprietary ones.”
Then he criticized Cloudflare again:
“If you want to adopt a CMS that will work seamlessly with Cloudflare and make it hard for you to ever switch vendors, EmDash is an incredible choice.”
That last part is a backhanded and sarcastic compliment, implying that EmDash is a way to trap users within Cloudflare’s infrastructure. Mullenweg offered a bullet-point list of additional criticism mixed with compliments.
Mullenweg ended his blog post with a conciliatory-sounding paragraph that ends abruptly with a phrase that invoked Will Smith’s Oscars slap:
“Some day, there may be a spiritual successor to WordPress that is even more open. When that happens, I hope we learn from it and grow together. Until then, please keep the WordPress name out of your mouth.”
Mullenweg is doing something between the lines there. Whether he did it intentionally or not, he’s invoking Will Smith’s infamous moment at the Oscars, when he slapped Chris Rock across the face and told him to keep his wife’s name out of his mouth. That phrase subtly invokes a violent image, with Mullenweg playing the role of Will Smith slapping Cloudflare across the face.
By using that specific phrase, Matt Mullenweg was, intentionally or not, invoking the conflict by comparing Cloudflare’s use of the “WordPress” name to an insulting personal attack.
After being told to keep WordPress out his mouth, Cloudflare co-founder and CEO Matthew Prince responded on X by saying it’s a fair criticism and then immediately putting WordPress in his mouth. Prince tweeted:
“Think this is a fair critique from @photomatt of EmDash.
I remain hopeful it’ll bring a broader set of developers into the WordPress ecosystem.”
What Prince did there was politely defy Mullenweg by tweeting the word “WordPress” in his response after being told to keep it out of his mouth while simultaneously adopting the persona of someone trying to “help” the person who just slapped him. In the context of the Oscar reference, it’s as if Chris Rock had responded to the slap by calmly saying, “I hope this incident brings more viewers to your next movie.”
Was that meant as understated irony? If so, it’s a master class.
Featured Image by Shutterstock/Prostock-studio

                I have 25 years hands-on experience in SEO, evolving along with the search engines by keeping up with the latest ...             

                            Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                        
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.

                            Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                        
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.

                            Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                        
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.
In a world ruled by algorithms, SEJ brings timely, relevant information for SEOs, marketers, and entrepreneurs to optimize and grow their businesses -- and careers.

               Copyright © 2026 Search Engine Journal. All rights reserved. Published by Alpha Brand Media.
            "
66,2026-04-03,"
                Reading time 5 minutes
      
Tom Steyer thinks the AI revolution could push a lot of white collar workers out of their jobs, making them unable to pay their bills. But the billionaire gubernatorial candidate in California says he’s got a solution: Institute a special tax on the AI companies and use that to create a sovereign wealth fund to pay for the state’s education needs, job training, and even cash dividends.
“This is a technology which basically enables a computer to replace the thought of millions of people and then delivers their salaries to the person who owns the computer,” Steyer said recently in front of a crowd of about 100 people.
He was speaking in San Diego, California, on Tuesday night at a town hall event, making his pitch for why he should succeed Gavin Newsom as governor in November’s election. Or, more accurately, why he should be on the ballot at all this fall. Steyer first needs to get through the primary in June, and that’s no small task. Two Republicans are currently leading the pack in polling, and the Democratic candidates like Steyer have split the vote without a clear frontrunner.
Steyer, who’s best known as an environmental activist, calls himself the most progressive candidate in the race and supports Medicare-For-All, abolishing ICE, and higher taxes on the wealthy. He’s worth about $2.4 billion, according to Forbes, so taxing rich people would also include him. Steyer made his money as the founder of the hedge fund Farallon Capital and has a unique plan for AI, which is why Gizmodo figured it would be a good idea to show up Tuesday and see what the man had to say.
When talking about AI, Steyer draws parallels to the 1970s and ’80s, when automobile and manufacturing jobs left the Midwest and the Rust Belt acquired its nickname. He believes that training people in new jobs displaced by AI is the key, noting that plenty of lip service was paid to the idea in the late 20th century but it didn’t really happen. In fact, he said it was the single biggest policy failure of his lifetime.
“We have to have an ownership in this,” Steyer said of the AI revolution, “so that we can afford to make sure that we get people who are having trouble finding a job, connect them to a real job and do the training to get them there.”
Steyer said he believes that we have to think about “AI as a tool for workers, not a replacement for workers,” which drew big applause from the crowd in San Diego. “We cannot have 12 trillionaires and 40 million people who can’t make rent,” said Steyer, also to applause. California is the most populous state in the country with nearly 40 million people. It’s also the state with the most billionaires.
Steyer’s solution from a state government perspective is to tax AI, something he has been more specific about in recent interviews where he says the way to do that is taxing them by the token. His website proposes the creation of a Golden State Sovereign Wealth Fund, a dedicated investment vehicle funded by a token tax on corporate AI use, described as “a fraction of a cent for every unit of data processed by Big Tech.”
If the token tax sounds familiar, that’s because he stole the idea from Anthropic CEO Dario Amodei (who stole it from some economists). Amodei raised the idea in 2025. Steyer hinted it was Amodei’s idea in San Diego on Tuesday, saying, “my proposal is actually one which I know some of the people who run the biggest AI companies think is fair.”
Steyer went on to say that the details of an AI tax will have to be negotiated, though he didn’t elaborate on whether that was a negotiation which would happen with elected representatives at the California State Assembly or with the AI companies.
He said all of it was necessary because, “the people need to own some of this upside so we can protect people from losing their jobs and make sure we don’t get hollowed out by a technology that depends on, actually, the experience, knowledge, and data from the people in this room.”
While Steyer talked about AI, someone in the crowd said “make them pay for the utilities,” a contentious part of the data center build-outs happening across the country that are sending local energy prices soaring. “If we do this right, we’re going to have a sovereign wealth fund that’s going to pay for a lot of it,” Steyer said.
Steyer’s website explains that “California built the AI industry,” a reference to companies like OpenAI and Anthropic, which have their headquarters in the Bay Area.
The billionaire’s AI proposals seemed well received by the crowd in San Diego. But he still has quite a few hurdles in front of him. Most polling of the past month has Republicans Steve Hilton and Chad Bianco in the first and second spots, with Democrats trailing behind. Hilton is a former Fox News host and Bianco is the controversial sheriff of Riverside County.
If the two Republicans manage to maintain that lead in the June primary, it’s entirely possible that Hilton and Bianco could be the only candidates on the ballot, since California has an open primary where the top two vote-getters appear in November, regardless of party. It’s more likely, however, that there will be at least one Democrat on the ballot, provided some people who are splitting the vote drop out before June. Steyer’s competition includes former Democratic congresswoman Katie Porter, Rep. Eric Swalwell, and San Jose Mayor Matt Mahan, among others. It’s Mahan who seems to be attracting the most support from Silicon Valley as he positions himself as a moderate who’s friendly to the tech industry.
Steyer might see himself as the most progressive candidate in the race, but three different people stood up to interrupt him Tuesday night because they were upset with his previous investments in CoreCivic, the private prison company that runs the ICE detention center in nearby Otay Mesa.
Steyer acknowledged that his hedge fund invested in the company, back when it was known as the Corrections Corporation of America, but left the fund in 2012 and says he regrets the investment. Politico reported back in 2016 that Steyer’s fund purchased about $90 million worth of the stock in the mid-2000s. It’s unclear how much money he personally made from the investments, though he scoffed when a protester claimed it was $100 million.
One protester in San Diego asked Steyer to give the money he made to the detainees at the Otay Mesa Detention Center, where well over 1,000 people are held in deplorable conditions. Detainees throw lotion bottles with messages written inside to protesters located outside in an attempt to communicate with the world. They often tell horrifying stories about a lack of fresh food and constant illnesses in what amounts to a concentration camp. Local health officials haven’t been allowed to inspect detainees and have filed a lawsuit.
Steyer didn’t commit to giving money to any detainees at Otay Mesa, instead insisting that he broadly planned to give away most of his fortune within his lifetime.
“It was a mistake. We owned hundreds of stocks. We bought it 22 years ago, and over 20 years ago I thought, ‘we should not be doing this. Let’s sell it and get out,'” said Steyer. “And I said at the time, this was just a mistake.”
It’s unclear if the Democratic base in California will believe him, whether it comes to Big Tech or other issues where Steyer has shifted his position recently. The billionaire previously opposed Medicare For All when he ran for president in 2020 but has since changed his mind.
The Steyer campaign didn’t respond to emailed questions from Gizmodo on Wednesday. We’ll update this article if we hear back.
Explore more on these topics

  Share this story


        Subscribe and interact with our community, get up to date with our customised Newsletters and much more.
      

          If the price is right...
        

          Dr. AI will see you now.
        

          Whether people want to give Meta all their food data is another question entirely.
        

          Lenovo's gaming handhelds and tablets, and several smaller handheld devices, are all suffering, and AI is to blame.
        

          Heat islands can worsen air pollution and increase heat-related deaths.
        

          That's one way to move into a management role.
        
Â©2026 GIZMODO USA LLC.
All rights reserved."
67,2026-04-03,"
							By 

	Tim Chan


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Rolling Stone may receive an affiliate commission.

	Pokémon is seemingly everywhere these days, with the Japanese anime franchise turning up on new merch, video games, and even on a K-pop star.

	The latest Pokémon partnership: a team-up with PUMA on a limited-edition line of shoes and apparel that pay tribute to popular character motifs mixed with streetwear-inspired fits.

	The PUMA x Pokémon collection launched April 2 at PUMA.com and includes T-shirts, hoodies, shorts, and sneakers for kids and adults alike. The official collaboration is the latest release to celebrate Pokémon’s 30th anniversary. PUMA says the collection takes its sportswear pieces “into another world,” while “mirroring the contrast between the Sun Pokémon Espeon (which bathes in sunlight and is known for its purple colorway) versus the Moonlight Pokémon Umbreon (which is dark and lurks in the shadows).

	According to the brand, the collection offers “functional pieces designed for Pokémon Trainers of all ages.” The PUMA x Pokémon pieces are selling quickly but we’ve rounded up some of the best pieces that are still available to buy online.





	$80



		This relaxed-fit hoodie comes in a lavender colorway with the PUMA and Pokémon logos on the chest and a large Espeon in lilac on the back.	



	$80



		You can also get the unisex hoodie in yellow, the color of the iconic Pokémon, Pikachu. The back of the hoodie has a black outline of the character, complete with his lightning bolt tail. The hoodies are available in sizes small to XXL.	



	$130



		The PUMA Pokémon sneakers are almost sold out online, but there are still sizes left of this Mostro sneaker, which comes in a “pearl pink” colorway with an attached Espeon keychain. This has all the hallmarks of the classic PUMA shoe, with the velcro straps and textured sole. The shoes also come in a special box with Pokémon branding.	



	$80



		We love this oversized jersey, which features pink and purple color-blocking along with Espeon’s National Pokédex number of 0196. The V-neck design keeps it sporty while the striping on the sleeves add a fashion-forward touch. The PUMA website has sizes small to XL still in stock.	



	$40



		This T-shirt reimagines Pokémon motifs as graffiti-inspired prints, with a royal blue background. The cotton blend tee is available in sizes small to XL. This is meant to be an oversized shirt, so we recommend sizing down if you want it to look more fitted.	



	$75



		The new collaboration is accompanied by a special launch from PUMA Hoops, with an “electrified” yellow take on the PUMA All-Pro NITRO 2 sneaker. You can also pick up this basketball jersey, which comes with Mewtwo graphics printed on a lightweight recycled mesh material.	



	$45



		Accessories in the PUMA x Pokémon collection include a kids’ backpack, crossbody bag, and this unisex baseball cap which sets the brand logos on a two-toned dad-hat design. This one-size-fits-all cap has an adjustable strap on the back.	

	You can see more from the PUMA x Pokémon collection at PUMA.com.

	Founded as a role-playing game for Nintendo’s Game Boy console in 1996, the Pokémon franchise has since expanded to include a manga series, a trading card game, merch, and movies, like 2019’s Pokémon Detective Pikachu, starring Ryan Reynolds.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved."
68,2026-04-03,"I'm a sucker for a cool-looking wallpaper, whether it's macOS' stock light and dark mode artistic landscape options, a pixelated video game-inspired background on my iPhone 17 Pro's lockscreen, or, in this case, a wallpaper on my Windows 11 gaming PC.
This is where Lively Wallpaper, a free, open-source app that lets you create animated and interactive desktop wallpapers from pretty much any GIF or video you want, along with a dynamic HTML web page, comes in. It's sort of like Wallpaper Engine, but with a more modern UI and overall look — most importantly, it's entirely free and doesn't use much system resources.
 There are awesome-looking preinstalled wallpapers with Lively Wallpaper, and that's what I've stuck with for the most part, though you can also create your own backgrounds. For example, I pulled together a dynamic web page wallpaper of XDA, just for fun. You can even set the background to a YouTube video.
You can also use Lively Wallpaper to easily access any images you've downloaded and want to set as wallpaper. This is obvious, but make sure that whatever you set as your desktop background matches your monitor's resolution. Otherwise, the wallpaper will be a blurry mess.
 I selected some cool pixel art-inspired backgrounds and picked the AI-generated depth option to make them look a bit more dynamic — the effect is kind of similar to the depth the iPhone's dynamic wallpapers offer. It sort of works sometimes, but not particularly well, and I find myself preferring just standard static backgrounds when I'm uploading my own images.
I created a depth wallpaper of a pixel-art forest that I've used on various devices for several years, and it worked reasonably well. It really depends on the type of image and, to some extent, how high-quality it is.
Among the pre-built wallpapers, there's a particularly mesmerizing one called Fluids that uses WebGL to respond to your PC's audio and cursor. In a different era of my life, I can see myself sitting at my computer for a solid 15-20 minutes, marveling at the bright colors as they glide across my screen like oil hitting water. In 2026, though, I wouldn't leave Fluids on all the time — it's just too much.
One dynamic wallpaper that's caught my attention and is actually pretty great is Rain. It's exactly what you think it is — rain pooling on and pouring down a window. It's chilled out, but still interesting, and exactly the type of animation that works well as a usable Windows 11 background (I plan to make it my main wallpaper for my gaming PC). Additionally, I've enjoyed Music Tunnel since it gives off mid-2000s Windows Media Player visualizer vibes. Triangles and Light is pretty good too, though it's a bit distracting.
 There's also Music TV, which automatically picks up on whatever music you're listening to and displays it on a retro TV in the center of the screen. You can change nearly anything about every pre-created backdrop, including Blur Quality, Brightness, Intensity, Zoom, Speed, and more. I very quickly turned off parallax because I didn't need my Windows 11 Wallpaper seemingly randomly jolting out at me when I moved my cursor over it. I flipped off the frame cap, too, so the water droplets in the Rain Wallpaper look a bit smoother and match my 4K monitor's 144Hz refresh rate.
Pretty much every default wallpaper in Lively Wallpaper is at the very least fun to mess around with. If you're looking for a quick, simple way to add a bit of fun to your Windows 11 desktop, this app definitely accomplishes that.

We want to hear from you! Share your opinions in the thread below and remember to keep it respectful.
Your comment has not been saved
This thread is open for discussion.
Be the first to post your thoughts.
"
69,2026-04-03,"The crypto market continued to exhibit signs of choppiness on Friday, with bitcoin BTC$66,827.94 trading at $67,000 in the middle of a trading range that spans back to early February.
A selection of altcoins picked up during the lower liquidity Asia hours, prompting the likes of ALGO and RENDER to post double-digit gains over the past 24 hours.
But the wider picture remains the same; the crypto market is trading in a macro downtrend dating back to October, characterized by a series of lower highs nad lower lows.
U.S. equities trade flat on Friday as volatility continues to cool since Donald Trump's comments about a potential end to the war in Iran on Monday.
Brent crude oil is trading at $109 a barrel, indicating that an end to the war is perhaps not as close as some analysts are predicting.
More For You
Most crypto privacy models weaken as blockchain data grows. Encryption-based models like Zcash strengthen. CoinDesk Research maps the five privacy approaches and examines the widening gap.
Why it matters: 
As blockchain adoption scales, the metadata available to machine learning models scales with it. Obfuscation-based privacy approaches are structurally degrading as a result. This report provides a comprehensive comparison of all five major crypto privacy architectures and a framework for evaluating which models remain durable as AI capabilities improve.
More For You
Price tracks broader crypto flows, with range-bound structure intact until $1.35 breaks.
What to know: 
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
70,2026-04-03,"
Most of us don’t eat at the dining table anymore. Not really. The pandemic accelerated something that was already quietly happening: meals migrating from the kitchen to the living room, the bedroom, the desk, the floor. We eat while watching something, while scrolling something, while half-working and half-resting. The dining table still exists, sure, but as a concept, it has become more aspirational than actual.
And yet, the tools we use to manage the air around our food haven’t moved with us. Range hoods are bolted to the ceiling above a stove. Portable air purifiers sit in corners, doing their best from across the room. Even the newer tabletop options ask you to position them just right, or carry them separately, adding friction to something that should feel effortless. For a culture that has fully embraced eating anywhere, the air solutions available to us are still very much designed for eating in one place.
Designer: Junho Han






Junho Han’s Notrace:Null addresses this with a level of clarity that makes you wonder why no one thought of it sooner. The concept is simple: instead of building a separate device that you need to carry alongside your food, the air purification system is built directly into the tray. You pick up your food, and the solution comes with it. No extra steps, no reconfiguration, no reminder to bring the device. The tray is the device.

Visually, Notrace:Null makes almost no noise about what it does. The design is quiet and off-white, with a flat surface that opens to reveal an internal filter system underneath. A small button sits flush against the side, the only visible sign that this tray does anything beyond hold a bowl of ramen. The fine venting grid along the underside is equally understated. That restraint feels deliberate, and it is the right call. The best-designed things tend to look like they were always supposed to exist, and Notrace:Null has that quality.








What strikes me about this concept is that it doesn’t try to change behavior. It slots into the routine that already exists. You grab the tray, put your food on it, carry it to wherever you’ve decided to eat tonight, and that’s it. The air filtration happens as a byproduct of your usual movement. Han describes this as “the most natural solution,” and the framing holds up. Good design doesn’t demand that users adapt to it. It adapts to users instead.


The project also makes a quiet cultural observation worth sitting with. The rise of single-person households, convenience foods, and personalized streaming content has fundamentally changed where and how people eat. We don’t just eat in the kitchen anymore. We eat throughout the entire home, and that shift has real consequences for air quality. Food odors that once stayed contained now travel freely. Bedrooms carry the memory of last night’s dinner. Living rooms hold the ghost of lunch. Notrace:Null is designed around this reality rather than around the home we’re told we should have.


It’s still a concept, and that’s worth noting. As a Behance project, Notrace:Null exists in that productive space between idea and product, where the thinking is fully formed but the execution remains hypothetical. The concept feels mature enough to be producible, though. The form factor is practical, the use case is real, and the need is clearly there. If it ever makes it to market, it would fill a gap in the air quality space that nobody has managed to articulate this well before.

Design concepts like this remind me why speculative design matters. Not everything needs to ship immediately to be valuable. Sometimes a well-considered idea just needs to exist, to put the question on the table and make it harder to ignore. Notrace:Null asks a simple question: if how we eat has changed, shouldn’t the tools that support it change too? The answer is obvious. The solution, it turns out, was hiding in a tray.

The road to electric adoption has always needed two things, logic and emotion. Logic is easy to find in March 2026, with petrol prices climbing…
The gear people carry tends to reflect how they move through the world. A minimalist packs light and intentionally. A tactical thinker layers redundancy into…
With a profile that one can best describe as influenced by Ross Lovegrove’s iconic Andromeda Lamp, the Bone Mouse experiments with form and mass… or…
Most air purifiers house the filter in hard casing along with the fan to draw air into the unit and push it back out again….
Many of you must be accustomed to a dishwasher but a better part of the world still hand washes the dishes. They either towel dries…
Celebrate the holiday season with the ArtiSANTA Christmas Artisan Keycaps by Dwarf Factory, a festive collection designed to bring joy to your keyboard. These handcrafted…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
71,2026-04-03," BMW X1
BMWBLOG » Models » BMW X1 » Allianz Buys 15 New BMW SUVs With Diesel Engines
   Adrian Padeanu  
 April 3, 2026 / 2 minutes read
The market share of diesel engines in new vehicle sales continues to shrink in Europe. Tougher emissions regulations are forcing automakers to gradually abandon this type of powertrain in favor of hybrids and EVs. Through the first two months of the year, diesels accounted for just 7.3% of new car registrations on the continent, according to the European Automobile Manufacturers’ Association (ACEA).
By comparison, plug-in hybrids stood at 10.1%. Yes, PHEVs outsold diesels in January and February across the 27 EU countries, plus the UK, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Switzerland. Nevertheless, BMW isn’t ready to give up on diesel engines just yet. It still stands by its “Power of Choice” slogan, offering a diesel option across the lineup. You can have one in everything from the 1 Series and X1 to the 7 Series and X7.
A major insurance company is also doubling down on diesel for its fleet. The Czech arm of Allianz has placed an order for 15 vehicles through BMW dealer CarTec Ostrava. All SUVs powered by diesel engines. The X1 20d and X3 20d share the 2.0-liter, four-cylinder “B47,” while the X5 30d uses a larger 3.0-liter inline-six “B57.”

The handover event included 11 vehicles, with the remaining four scheduled for delivery by the end of April. Allianz says the luxury crossovers will serve a wide range of roles within the company while also helping motivate its sales teams. The insurer didn’t skimp on options either, as the vehicles feature the M Sport Package among other extras.
Specific details for each X model haven’t been disclosed. However, we’re told the “level of equipment is above standard, emphasizing top-tier assistance systems, digital connectivity, and occupant comfort.”
Although Euro 7 regulations are looming, the stricter rules don’t pose an existential threat to either diesel engine. BMW has further refined the “B47” and “B57” to ensure compliance for years to come. Expect the smaller unit to also stick around in the MINI Countryman. Company cars are typically mile munchers, and with diesel still the efficiency king outside urban areas, Allianz’s decision makes perfect sense from an operational cost perspective.
Inevitably, diesel engines will disappear from Europe. By 2035, automakers will have to cut fleet emissions by 90% compared to 2021 levels. That will leave room for only a handful of ICE vehicles, with diesels the most vulnerable to get the axe. However, we’re not there yet, and BMW can still sell diesel-powered cars without exceeding fleet emissions limits.
In 2025, the BMW Group reduced its CO₂ emissions to 90 g/km, beating its fleet target by 2.9 grams. With the arrival of Neue Klasse models, the growing number of EVs should continue to offset emissions generated by ICE-powered vehicles.


Popular this week
You may also like
More from BMW X1
  
©2026 BMWBLOG - operated by iMedia Network, Inc."
72,2026-04-03,"Pakistan braces for gas shortage crisis as  LNG supplies collapse amid escalating regional conflict.
Save
Share
Islamabad, Pakistan – At the start of this year, Pakistan had more imported liquefied natural gas (LNG) than it could use. Demand had been falling for three straight years, from a peak of 8.2 million tonnes in 2021 to 6.1 million tonnes by late 2025, as cheap solar panels flooded the market and factories cut back.
The government quietly sold excess gas shipments to other countries and shut down domestic gas wells to prevent pipelines from bursting under the pressure of oversupply. Gas that could not be diverted would be pushed into household networks at a financial loss, adding billions to an already crippling debt pile in the energy sector.
Then the war came. On February 28, the United States and Israel launched hundreds of strikes against Iran in an operation named Epic Fury. The strikes targeted Iranian missiles, air defences, military infrastructure and leadership. Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei was killed in the opening assault.
Iran retaliated by firing hundreds of missiles and drones across the region, and as a result, traffic passing the Strait of Hormuz, the narrow waterway through which roughly a fifth of the world’s oil and gas passes, almost came to a halt.
The energy consequences were immediate. As a part of its retaliation against US-Israeli attacks, on March 2, Iranian drones hit Qatar’s gas facilities at Ras Laffan Industrial City, the world’s largest LNG export complex.
Qatar, the world’s second-largest LNG exporter after the United States, halted all production and declared force majeure, a legal term meaning it was released from delivery obligations due to circumstances beyond its control.
The conflict escalated further on March 18, when Israel struck Iran’s South Pars gas field, the largest in the world, off Iran’s southern coast.

South Pars and Qatar’s North Field sit above the same underground reservoir, meaning the attack threatened both countries’ gas production simultaneously. Iran struck Ras Laffan again in retaliation.
QatarEnergy said that the hit had forced it to cut LNG production by 17 percent, with repairs expected to take up to five years.
Brent crude, the industry benchmark, was priced at more than $109 a barrel on Thursday,
Oil prices on Thursday climbed to $109 a barrel, while European gas prices jumped 6 percent in a single trading session.
For Pakistan, which secures nearly all its imported gas from Qatar and the United Arab Emirates, and holds no emergency reserves, the shift from surplus to shortage happened almost overnight.
Pakistan meets its daily gas needs from three main sources. The bulk, about 2,700 million cubic feet per day, comes from domestic gas fields that have been in slow decline for years.
The rest comes from imported LNG, supplied by Qatar under long-term contracts, adding roughly 600 million cubic feet per day when shipments flow normally.
The third source is bottled LPG, used mainly by households in rural areas not connected to the pipeline network. Pakistan gets more than 60 percent of its LPG from Iran, a supply also disrupted by the conflict.
Pakistan began importing LNG in 2015 when domestic production could no longer meet demand. Today, imported LNG powers roughly a quarter of the country’s electricity, with the power sector its largest consumer.
Qatar and the UAE together account for 99 percent of Pakistan’s LNG imports, according to energy analytics firm Kpler.
Of that, Pakistan’s LNG supply is dominated by two long-term government-to-government agreements with Qatar, one spanning 15 years and the other 10. Together, they cover nine shipments a month.
Monthly cargo data from Pakistan’s energy regulator, OGRA, reflects the impact of the war. The country received between eight and 12 LNG shipments a month through 2025 and into early 2026, with 12 arriving in January alone. In March, the month the war began, only two shipments arrived.
Prices have been affected too. According to data compiled by researcher Manzoor Ahmed of the Policy Research Institute for Equitable Development (PRIED), on February 13, state-owned entities Pakistan State Oil and Pakistan LNG Limited procured eight combined cargoes at an average cost of $10.47 per MMBtu, totalling $257.1m.
MMBtu is the standard international unit used to measure and price natural gas and LNG.
By March 12, the two cargoes that did arrive cost $12.49 per MMBtu, a 19 percent increase in a month, reflecting tightening global conditions even before the war’s full impact.
Pakistan had already been consuming less gas. Its share of Asian LNG markets fell from roughly 30 percent in 2020 to about 18 percent in 2025, driven largely by the rapid expansion of solar power. Millions of Pakistanis, frustrated by high electricity costs and frequent blackouts, have installed rooftop panels in recent years.
By 2025, the country had 34 gigawatts of solar capacity, with an estimated 25 gigawatts feeding into the national grid. Overall electricity demand from the grid fell nearly 11 percent between 2022 and 2025.
Gas-fired power plants built to run on imported LNG were left underutilised, especially during daylight hours.
“Of course, solarisation helps manage daytime demand, reducing the need for running thermal power plants,” said Haneea Isaad, an energy analyst at the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis (IEEFA), who has tracked Pakistan’s gas sector for years.
But the contracts with overseas gas suppliers still needed to be adhered to — so Pakistan kept buying and paying, she told Al Jazeera.
Ahmed of PRIED pointed to two compounding challenges. First, the nature of Pakistan’s gas supply contracts were such that the government had to “buy LNG even when demand collapsed,” he told Al Jazeera.
Second, “rapid solar growth and suppressed grid demand were underestimated, and their effect on overall planning was not accounted for,” the Islamabad-based analyst added.
LNG consumption dropped by 1.21 million tonnes in 2025 alone. With no large storage capacity, surplus gas was pushed into domestic pipelines at a loss.
The resulting circular debt in the gas sector now stands at 3.3 trillion rupees, approximately $11bn. By January, Islamabad was negotiating to offload 177 unwanted gas shipments projected through 2031, a liability of $5.6bn.
Isaad of IEEFA said the surplus was predictable.
“Pakistan’s energy planning has mostly been bound by long-term contracts with very little flexibility,” she said. Once considered necessary for energy security, these rigid contracts, she added, have become a financial albatross in a market increasingly prioritising flexibility and low-cost generation.
She described the government’s pre-war response, diverting excess cargoes, as “reactive crisis management” that prioritised short-term fixes over better forecasting and procurement flexibility.
Qatar’s LNG shipments to Pakistan have stopped almost completely since March 2. Of the eight shipments scheduled that month, only two arrived. The six expected in April are unlikely to reach the country.
At a public hearing of the National Electric Power Regulatory Authority, Central Power Purchasing Agency chief executive Rehan Akhtar said LNG supplies were under force majeure, though coal imports from South Africa and Indonesia remained unaffected.
 
Officials have warned of near-zero LNG availability in the coming months, even if the war ends quickly. LNG accounts for more than 21 percent of Pakistan’s power generation.
“With Pakistan’s LNG supply completely halted after Qatar’s declaration of force majeure, LNG plants are effectively out of the running order,” Isaad said.
The government has responded by restoring domestic gas production that had been deliberately curtailed during the surplus period.
Isaad said Pakistan had been holding back roughly 350 to 400 million cubic feet per day of domestic gas to accommodate LNG imports.
“There will also be the option to rely on other power generation sources such as imported coal and hydropower,” she added. But, she warned, “even with hydropower, imported coal and restored domestic gas production covering some of the gaps left by LNG, there might still be an energy shortage.”
For now, mild weather and increased solar output have provided temporary relief.
“So far, Pakistan has somehow miraculously survived any prolonged energy shortages in the power sector through a combination of mild weather and a pre-existing reduced reliance on imported LNG,” Isaad said. “But peak summer months may be a different story.”
With an energy crisis looming, Pakistan is bracing for a few hours of daily planned power cuts this summer, alongside other energy conservation measures and higher electricity costs.
According to the National Electric Power Regulatory Authority’s State of Industry Report 2025, peak electricity demand last summer exceeded 33,000 megawatts.
Winter demand currently stands at about 15,000 megawatts, partly because solar panels now generate between 9,000 and 10,000 megawatts daily, reducing reliance on the grid.
Furnace oil, the main backup fuel, now costs 35 rupees per unit, about $0.12, and its price has more than doubled since the Strait of Hormuz disruption.
Analysts say the burden will fall unevenly. Consumers reliant on grid electricity will face both higher bills and outages, while industries dependent on gas will see production disruptions. Those with rooftop solar and battery storage will be best insulated.
Isaad is blunt about the options before Pakistan. “Returning to the spot market might not be feasible, given the dire financial consequences,” she said. “Even if it does, competition with wealthier nations may once again price Pakistan out. Furnace oil could be another option, but that will be prohibitively expensive to run.
“The only option the government may be left with is load-shedding [planned power blackouts], probably around two to three hours daily.”









Follow Al Jazeera English:"
73,2026-04-03,"
        The fastest and most secure way to protect the watches and jewelry you love.
      
We’ve teamed up with Chubb, the premier insurer of valuable collections.
No matter where your adventures take you across the globe, rest assured, your watches and jewelry remain safeguarded.
If you suffer a covered loss, there's no deductible.
Each of your watches is covered up to 150% of the insured value (up to the total value of the policy).

          The fastest and most secure way to protect the watches and jewelry you love.
        
We've teamed up with Chubb, the premier insurer of valuable collections.
No matter where your adventures take you across the globe, rest assured, your watches and jewelry remain safeguarded.
If you suffer a covered loss, there's no deductible.
Each of your watches is covered up to 150% of the insured value (up to the total value of the policy).
Popular Searches

          The fastest and most secure way to protect the watches and jewelry you love.
        
We've teamed up with Chubb, the premier insurer of valuable collections.
No matter where your adventures take you across the globe, rest assured, your watches and jewelry remain safeguarded.
If you suffer a covered loss, there's no deductible.
Each of your watches is covered up to 150% of the insured value (up to the total value of the policy).

One To WatchMineroci Blends Chinese Cultural Influence With A Remontoir D’égalité For A Complicated Second Watch
      

Hands-OnPorsche Design's New Watch Manufacture Creates A New All-Titanium Chronograph 1
      

IntroducingFleming Returns With The Series 1 Mark II ""Redwood"" And ""Pacific""
      
Pointer dates are under-represented in today's market, so leave it to an industry insider to shine a new light on them with an eye-catching release.
Zach Starr Weiss has been a fixture of the watch media landscape for nearly 15 years as the co-founder of Worn & Wound and Windup Watch Fair, so if you know his work, you also know that his tastes have been carefully honed over a decade of handling watches. As such, today's introduction of his new brand, OraOrea, should be an exciting day for everyone who has followed his work and continued impact on the watch space.
OraOrea is launching with one new model, the Coriolis Pointer Date, in three different dial sunburst variations: Skyline Silver, Venetus Teal, and Rhodium Black. The watch leans heavily on complex dial design, with a small central date hand that points at a brand-new in-house numeral set, a large hour hand pointing at laser-cut, CNC-detailed, hand-polished applied indexes for the hours (with Roman numerals), and a longer minute hand pointing to its own Roman numeral track. In between those numerals are small applied dot indices.
The watch features a largely brushed stainless steel case (with polished angles on the edges) that measures 38.5mm wide and 45mm lug-to-lug, with 9.3mm thick, not counting the domed sapphire with double-sided anti-reflective and anti-fingerprint coating. The watch features a domed bezel as well, adding to the complex case shape.
The watch doesn't feature a screw-down crown, but it still has 100m of water resistance. Overall, the watch features a lot of depth and an interesting dial structure with complex finishing. Inside the case is the Sellita SW386-1, a new version of the SW300 that was introduced at the end of 2025, with high-grade finishing, regulated for accuracy and reliability. With that finishing, what Sellita calls their D4 decoration, the movement features perlage on the plates and bridges, blued screws, snailed edges, rhodium plating, and a customized rotor bearing OraOrea's logo-glyph.
If you're interested in the new OraOrea Coriolis Pointer Date, the initial offering is 100 of each colorway in the ""OraOrea Founder's Edition"", available for preorder now. The price is $3,950, and watches will start shipping in the fourth quarter of 2026.
It's always interesting to learn what our colleagues find interesting if they can make anything they want. Good pointer dates are often the start of any watch collector's journey into the horological world, and they're also vastly underrepresented on the market today. One person might say they look a bit busy, but I think that's a charming part of the pointer date.
OraOrea has done a great job creating a complex display that puts a lot of focus on thoughtful, quality dial finishing. The case measurements look quite reasonable and numbers that will be comfortable for a wide range of wearers. It's also exciting to see the first use of a new movement (one that I didn't even know existed), which shows the time, effort, and awareness brought to the table by someone so well-connected in the industry.
Brand: OraOreaModel: Corliolis Pointer Date
Diameter: 38.5mmThickness: 12.1mm (9.3mm without crystal)Lug-to-Lug: 45mmCase Material: Stainless steelDial Color: Skyline Silver, Venetus Teal, Rhodium BlackIndexes: Printed for date; FEMTOSecond Laser Cut, CNC-detailed, hand-polished, applied index; 18k gold hemispheresLume: NoneWater Resistance: 100mStrap/Bracelet: Italian vegetable-tanned leather with 20mm to 16mm taper.
Caliber: Sellita SW386-1Functions: Hours, minutes, central seconds, and pointer datePower Reserve: Not reported (probably around 56 hours)Winding: AutomaticFrequency: 4HzChronometer Certified: NoAdditional Details: D4 movement decoration (Sellita's highest) with perlage on plates and bridges, blued screws, snailed edges, rhodium plating, and custom rotor; Crystal with double-sided AR and anti-fingerprint coating
Price: $3,950Availability: Expected to ship early Q4, 2026Limited Edition: 100 pieces of each watch
For more, click here.
By Mark kauzlarich
By Mark kauzlarich
By Mark kauzlarich
By Mark kauzlarich
Top Discussions
IntroducingThe OraOrea Corliolis Pointer Date From Worn & Wound's Zach Starr Weiss
Business NewsMinerva Repositions In New Role As “Distinct Entity” Within Montblanc Brand 
Hands-OnPorsche Design's New Watch Manufacture Creates A New All-Titanium Chronograph 1
IntroducingThe New Longines Hydroconquest (Live Pics)

By Tantan wang
            
IntroducingThe New Omega Constellation Observatory Collection, The First Two-Hand Design To Achieve Master Chronometer Certification

By Tantan wang
            
IntroducingThe Seiko Prospex Marinemaster Divers HBF001 And HBF002 JAMSTEC Limited Edition

By James stacey
            
The Nuances Of Vintage Watch Collecting

By Cait bazemore
            
Bring a LoupeAn Omega Grand Luxe, A Very Tropical Zenith El Primero A384, And More

By Weston cutter
            
Enter the World of Hodinkee
All the watches you need to know about, delivered to your inbox daily.
Enter the World of Hodinkee
All the watches you need to know about, delivered to your inbox daily."
74,2026-04-03,"When you purchase through links in our articles, we may earn a small commission. This doesn't affect our editorial independence.
Welcome to shopping tech deals in 2026, where we’re facing a new kind of predicament thanks to hardware shortages.
Consider shopping in a supermarket: A gallon of premium milk costs $6. It’s on sale for $4.50. The grocer marks the price down (“$1.50 off”) and tells you what you’d normally spend, how much the discount is, and what the actual sale price is. It’s all very clear.
Buying PC components in 2026 isn’t like that at all, especially for hard-to-buy items like storage and memory. Suddenly, all of our assumptions are up in the air, compounded by confusing language whose relationship to reality grows more and more distant.
Look at the following Amazon listing for its “Big Spring Sale” on a WD SSD. Even though I already own a “WD Black” hard drive and SSD, my first instinct is to question whether this is a legitimate listing, given that it’s unusual for the “WD [underscore] Black” branding to be spelled out. Second, is 57 percent off a good price? It looks so at first glance.
But that’s compared to the “list price,” which Amazon defines as “the suggested retail price of a new product as provided by a manufacturer, supplier, or seller,” which must be hovered over with your mouse to reveal. “Except for books, Amazon will display a List Price if the product was purchased by customers on Amazon or offered by other retailers at or above the List Price in at least the past 90 days. List prices may not necessarily reflect the product’s prevailing market price.”
That definition means almost nothing. WD launched the SN7100 M.2 SSD in late 2024 (and added the 4TB model in 2025), so this drive isn’t new. Has it been purchased before on Amazon? I’d say so, which negates the need to try and understand if another retailer sold it “at or above the List Price,” whatever that is. And if Amazon’s List Price doesn’t reflect the prevailing market price, what does it reflect? It’s all nonsense. And that’s not even saying anything about what the “new generation” language tells or doesn’t tell consumers.
The problem is, we already know that both RAM and SSD prices skyrocketed upward at the end of 2025, but no one really knows what those prices actually are. Prices fluctuate, but we have no way of knowing if Amazon bought this SSD for ~$300 twelve months ago and priced it higher to take advantage of market forces, or whether WD sold it to Amazon at or near the $1,379 “list price” Amazon is charging.
What’s the price WD sold it for? What price did Amazon buy it for, and when? What’s the comparative price of the exact SSD at another retailer? How has this price fluctuated over time? All of these are unknowns—and basic algebra teaches us that too many unknowns means the equation is unsolvable. That’s exactly what shopping feels like right now, especially shopping for tech components.
So when Amazon and competing tech sites advertise “sales” where you can “save $1,030″… well, it’s disingenuous.
Fortunately, there are tools to help you track the actual price history of a product, and these tools are more valuable than ever.
CamelCamelCamel.com is one of them. Below you’ll see the price of this exact product tracked by CamelCamelCamel versus the same SSD tracked by Keepa. Keepa does a better job snapping up the exact price that Amazon is charging, though CamelCamelCamel gets close.
The immediate takeaway is that Amazon’s “List Price” is basically bullshit. Yes, a competing site somewhere may have sold that SSD for $1,379. But Amazon, the site you’re currently shopping on, never offered a price close to that. Ever. The highest price of this M.2 SSD was, briefly, $739.32 on March 9 (Keepa) or $569.99 on January 6 (CamelCamelCamel).
My colleague Alaina Yee, who orchestrates some of our best holiday deals coverage, uses Slickdeals to monitor individual promotions and track prices. Keepa also offers a Chrome extension you can use to more easily track pricing information.
I really like the way Microsoft Edge itself integrates price tracking, but you need to know where to look. Occasionally, you’ll see a small notification slide out from the URL bar, informing you that Edge has found a better price elsewhere. In general, though, you have to hunt down the teeny-tiny “price tag” icon at the top of the screen.
Edge’s price tracker wasn’t designed to accommodate the sharp price jumps that take place in a short time, though. You can move your mouse over to “follow” the price of an item through its highs and lows, but you can’t really “zoom in” to see the more recent price adjustments like the other services can. Still, it’s great for a historical comparison.
Of the services I’ve mentioned, I like Keepa the best. The point, however, isn’t that you need to settle on a particular price tracker; rather, use them to do comparison shopping. PCPartPicker’s trends page can also offer a reality check for prices of generic components like RAM and SSDs.
What it comes down to is this: the idea of “sales” is increasingly meaningless. Price trackers reveal how retailers raise prices (even briefly) a few weeks in advance, then “discount” those prices and claim they’re offering you a “deal.” That’s why, out of all the “deals” that retailers and manufacturers promote, our deals coverage involves poring over historical pricing and other trends. Recent examples point to the ludicrous nature of these retailer tactics—why not just say that the “real” price of an SSD or RAM stick is $1,000? Or $2,000? Or more?
There has to be a good-faith agreement between manufacturer, retailer, and shopper that a price being offered is legitimate, that it’s based upon a real promotional discount, and that it doesn’t require an additional hurdle like a subscription, app, or (shudder) mail-in rebate. That agreement is disintegrating, and you owe it to yourself to fight back.
Mark has written for PCWorld for the last decade, with 30 years of experience covering technology. He has authored over 3,500 articles for PCWorld alone, covering PC microprocessors, peripherals, and Microsoft Windows, among other topics. Mark has written for publications including PC Magazine, Byte, eWEEK, Popular Science and Electronic Buyers' News, where he shared a Jesse H. Neal Award for breaking news. He recently handed over a collection of several dozen Thunderbolt docks and USB-C hubs because his office simply has no more room.
Business
Laptop
Mobile
PC Hardware
Storage
Deals
Digital Magazine - Subscribe
Digital Magazine - Info
Gift Subscription
Newsletters"
75,2026-04-03,"Your slow-moving inventory isn’t just sitting, it’s costing you money every day.
The post How Businesses Are Monetizing Unwanted Inventory Online in 2026 appeared first on Addicted 2 Success."
76,2026-04-03,"I've spent years analyzing the fragile web of global finance, watching as the pillars of the dollar's dominance were quietly dismantled. Now, in 2026, we stand at the precipice. The reckless escalation of war -- the imminent ground invasion of Iran under Operation Epic Fury -- is not merely a geopolitical catastrophe. In my view, it is the calculated detonation device for the final collapse of the U.S. dollar. This action will sever the Strait of Hormuz, cutting off the West's energy lifeline and exposing the global monetary system as the fragile Ponzi scheme it truly is. The Rubicon has been crossed. This is dollar suicide. And the implications are dire.We Have Crossed the Rubicon Into Dollar Suicide The strategic move to close the Strait of Hormuz through military escalation is a direct attack on the petrodollar's remaining vitality. The petrodollar system -- the agreement that oil must be sold in dollars -- has already been mortally wounded. As I said in a previous broadcast, 'On June 9, 2024, history was made as Saudi Arabia ended its decades-long agreement with the United States, effectively bringing an end to the petrodollar system.'Â [1]  This war will finalize that death. Iran and its allies will not allow energy to flow to nations supporting this invasion. The result will be a gradual physical severing of the energy trade that underpins dollar demand. This isn't a random escalation; it's a trigger deliberately pulled to ignite hyperinflation and financial chaos within the West. The global monetary system, built on endless debt and trust, will be exposed as a fraud when the oil stops flowing.The AI and Stock Market 'Miracle' Was a Debt-Fueled Mirage Let's be blunt: the so-called AI bubble is a stock valuation bubble inflated by debt and over-investment in AI infrastructure that can no longer be sustained. The technology exists, but the trillions in promised investment are pure fiction, reliant on a financial system that is now breaking. As reported by Fortune, a 'trillion-dollar AI market wipeout' has already begun because investors banked on a fantasy where 'almost every tech company would come out a winner.'Â [2]  President Trump's boasts about Gulf state money flooding into U.S. data centers are now a tragic punchline. Those nations are directly embroiled in this war; their economies are shattered. They will invoke force majeure, and the capital spigot will slam shut. The stock market, dominated by these tech valuations and propped up by phantom promises, is about to experience a wipeout that will make 2008 look orderly. The February 2026 selloff, where '$1 trillion vanished from software stocks in days,' was merely a preview of coming attractions.Â [3] The Bond Market is Already Dead; The Funeral is Next The bond market is screaming in agony, and almost everyone is ignoring it. The recent 'no bid' Treasury auction was a screaming air-raid siren. The Federal Reserve itself had to print money to buy its own debt -- a clear admission that foreign buyers are fleeing. As Finn Heartley reported in NaturalNews, the U.S. faces a '$37 trillion debt crisis as China, Japan, and other nations rapidly sell Treasury bonds, eroding dollar trust.'Â [4]  The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


 The Rubicon has been crossed. This is dollar suicide. And the implications are dire.We Have Crossed the Rubicon Into Dollar Suicide The strategic move to close the Strait of Hormuz through military escalation is a direct attack on the petrodollar's remaining vitality. The petrodollar system -- the agreement that oil must be sold in dollars -- has already been mortally wounded. As I said in a previous broadcast, 'On June 9, 2024, history was made as Saudi Arabia ended its decades-long agreement with the United States, effectively bringing an end to the petrodollar system.'Â [1]  This war will finalize that death. Iran and its allies will not allow energy to flow to nations supporting this invasion. The result will be a gradual physical severing of the energy trade that underpins dollar demand. This isn't a random escalation; it's a trigger deliberately pulled to ignite hyperinflation and financial chaos within the West. The global monetary system, built on endless debt and trust, will be exposed as a fraud when the oil stops flowing.The AI and Stock Market 'Miracle' Was a Debt-Fueled Mirage Let's be blunt: the so-called AI bubble is a stock valuation bubble inflated by debt and over-investment in AI infrastructure that can no longer be sustained. The technology exists, but the trillions in promised investment are pure fiction, reliant on a financial system that is now breaking. As reported by Fortune, a 'trillion-dollar AI market wipeout' has already begun because investors banked on a fantasy where 'almost every tech company would come out a winner.'Â [2]  President Trump's boasts about Gulf state money flooding into U.S. data centers are now a tragic punchline. Those nations are directly embroiled in this war; their economies are shattered. They will invoke force majeure, and the capital spigot will slam shut. The stock market, dominated by these tech valuations and propped up by phantom promises, is about to experience a wipeout that will make 2008 look orderly. The February 2026 selloff, where '$1 trillion vanished from software stocks in days,' was merely a preview of coming attractions.Â [3] The Bond Market is Already Dead; The Funeral is Next The bond market is screaming in agony, and almost everyone is ignoring it. The recent 'no bid' Treasury auction was a screaming air-raid siren. The Federal Reserve itself had to print money to buy its own debt -- a clear admission that foreign buyers are fleeing. As Finn Heartley reported in NaturalNews, the U.S. faces a '$37 trillion debt crisis as China, Japan, and other nations rapidly sell Treasury bonds, eroding dollar trust.'Â [4]  The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


The Rubicon has been crossed. This is dollar suicide. And the implications are dire.We Have Crossed the Rubicon Into Dollar Suicide The strategic move to close the Strait of Hormuz through military escalation is a direct attack on the petrodollar's remaining vitality. The petrodollar system -- the agreement that oil must be sold in dollars -- has already been mortally wounded. As I said in a previous broadcast, 'On June 9, 2024, history was made as Saudi Arabia ended its decades-long agreement with the United States, effectively bringing an end to the petrodollar system.'Â [1]  This war will finalize that death. Iran and its allies will not allow energy to flow to nations supporting this invasion. The result will be a gradual physical severing of the energy trade that underpins dollar demand. This isn't a random escalation; it's a trigger deliberately pulled to ignite hyperinflation and financial chaos within the West. The global monetary system, built on endless debt and trust, will be exposed as a fraud when the oil stops flowing.The AI and Stock Market 'Miracle' Was a Debt-Fueled Mirage Let's be blunt: the so-called AI bubble is a stock valuation bubble inflated by debt and over-investment in AI infrastructure that can no longer be sustained. The technology exists, but the trillions in promised investment are pure fiction, reliant on a financial system that is now breaking. As reported by Fortune, a 'trillion-dollar AI market wipeout' has already begun because investors banked on a fantasy where 'almost every tech company would come out a winner.'Â [2]  President Trump's boasts about Gulf state money flooding into U.S. data centers are now a tragic punchline. Those nations are directly embroiled in this war; their economies are shattered. They will invoke force majeure, and the capital spigot will slam shut. The stock market, dominated by these tech valuations and propped up by phantom promises, is about to experience a wipeout that will make 2008 look orderly. The February 2026 selloff, where '$1 trillion vanished from software stocks in days,' was merely a preview of coming attractions.Â [3] The Bond Market is Already Dead; The Funeral is Next The bond market is screaming in agony, and almost everyone is ignoring it. The recent 'no bid' Treasury auction was a screaming air-raid siren. The Federal Reserve itself had to print money to buy its own debt -- a clear admission that foreign buyers are fleeing. As Finn Heartley reported in NaturalNews, the U.S. faces a '$37 trillion debt crisis as China, Japan, and other nations rapidly sell Treasury bonds, eroding dollar trust.'Â [4]  The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


We Have Crossed the Rubicon Into Dollar Suicide The strategic move to close the Strait of Hormuz through military escalation is a direct attack on the petrodollar's remaining vitality. The petrodollar system -- the agreement that oil must be sold in dollars -- has already been mortally wounded. As I said in a previous broadcast, 'On June 9, 2024, history was made as Saudi Arabia ended its decades-long agreement with the United States, effectively bringing an end to the petrodollar system.'Â [1]  This war will finalize that death. Iran and its allies will not allow energy to flow to nations supporting this invasion. The result will be a gradual physical severing of the energy trade that underpins dollar demand. This isn't a random escalation; it's a trigger deliberately pulled to ignite hyperinflation and financial chaos within the West. The global monetary system, built on endless debt and trust, will be exposed as a fraud when the oil stops flowing.The AI and Stock Market 'Miracle' Was a Debt-Fueled Mirage Let's be blunt: the so-called AI bubble is a stock valuation bubble inflated by debt and over-investment in AI infrastructure that can no longer be sustained. The technology exists, but the trillions in promised investment are pure fiction, reliant on a financial system that is now breaking. As reported by Fortune, a 'trillion-dollar AI market wipeout' has already begun because investors banked on a fantasy where 'almost every tech company would come out a winner.'Â [2]  President Trump's boasts about Gulf state money flooding into U.S. data centers are now a tragic punchline. Those nations are directly embroiled in this war; their economies are shattered. They will invoke force majeure, and the capital spigot will slam shut. The stock market, dominated by these tech valuations and propped up by phantom promises, is about to experience a wipeout that will make 2008 look orderly. The February 2026 selloff, where '$1 trillion vanished from software stocks in days,' was merely a preview of coming attractions.Â [3] The Bond Market is Already Dead; The Funeral is Next The bond market is screaming in agony, and almost everyone is ignoring it. The recent 'no bid' Treasury auction was a screaming air-raid siren. The Federal Reserve itself had to print money to buy its own debt -- a clear admission that foreign buyers are fleeing. As Finn Heartley reported in NaturalNews, the U.S. faces a '$37 trillion debt crisis as China, Japan, and other nations rapidly sell Treasury bonds, eroding dollar trust.'Â [4]  The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


The strategic move to close the Strait of Hormuz through military escalation is a direct attack on the petrodollar's remaining vitality. The petrodollar system -- the agreement that oil must be sold in dollars -- has already been mortally wounded. As I said in a previous broadcast, 'On June 9, 2024, history was made as Saudi Arabia ended its decades-long agreement with the United States, effectively bringing an end to the petrodollar system.'Â [1]  This war will finalize that death. Iran and its allies will not allow energy to flow to nations supporting this invasion. The result will be a gradual physical severing of the energy trade that underpins dollar demand. This isn't a random escalation; it's a trigger deliberately pulled to ignite hyperinflation and financial chaos within the West. The global monetary system, built on endless debt and trust, will be exposed as a fraud when the oil stops flowing.The AI and Stock Market 'Miracle' Was a Debt-Fueled Mirage Let's be blunt: the so-called AI bubble is a stock valuation bubble inflated by debt and over-investment in AI infrastructure that can no longer be sustained. The technology exists, but the trillions in promised investment are pure fiction, reliant on a financial system that is now breaking. As reported by Fortune, a 'trillion-dollar AI market wipeout' has already begun because investors banked on a fantasy where 'almost every tech company would come out a winner.'Â [2]  President Trump's boasts about Gulf state money flooding into U.S. data centers are now a tragic punchline. Those nations are directly embroiled in this war; their economies are shattered. They will invoke force majeure, and the capital spigot will slam shut. The stock market, dominated by these tech valuations and propped up by phantom promises, is about to experience a wipeout that will make 2008 look orderly. The February 2026 selloff, where '$1 trillion vanished from software stocks in days,' was merely a preview of coming attractions.Â [3] The Bond Market is Already Dead; The Funeral is Next The bond market is screaming in agony, and almost everyone is ignoring it. The recent 'no bid' Treasury auction was a screaming air-raid siren. The Federal Reserve itself had to print money to buy its own debt -- a clear admission that foreign buyers are fleeing. As Finn Heartley reported in NaturalNews, the U.S. faces a '$37 trillion debt crisis as China, Japan, and other nations rapidly sell Treasury bonds, eroding dollar trust.'Â [4]  The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


 This war will finalize that death. Iran and its allies will not allow energy to flow to nations supporting this invasion. The result will be a gradual physical severing of the energy trade that underpins dollar demand. This isn't a random escalation; it's a trigger deliberately pulled to ignite hyperinflation and financial chaos within the West. The global monetary system, built on endless debt and trust, will be exposed as a fraud when the oil stops flowing.The AI and Stock Market 'Miracle' Was a Debt-Fueled Mirage Let's be blunt: the so-called AI bubble is a stock valuation bubble inflated by debt and over-investment in AI infrastructure that can no longer be sustained. The technology exists, but the trillions in promised investment are pure fiction, reliant on a financial system that is now breaking. As reported by Fortune, a 'trillion-dollar AI market wipeout' has already begun because investors banked on a fantasy where 'almost every tech company would come out a winner.'Â [2]  President Trump's boasts about Gulf state money flooding into U.S. data centers are now a tragic punchline. Those nations are directly embroiled in this war; their economies are shattered. They will invoke force majeure, and the capital spigot will slam shut. The stock market, dominated by these tech valuations and propped up by phantom promises, is about to experience a wipeout that will make 2008 look orderly. The February 2026 selloff, where '$1 trillion vanished from software stocks in days,' was merely a preview of coming attractions.Â [3] The Bond Market is Already Dead; The Funeral is Next The bond market is screaming in agony, and almost everyone is ignoring it. The recent 'no bid' Treasury auction was a screaming air-raid siren. The Federal Reserve itself had to print money to buy its own debt -- a clear admission that foreign buyers are fleeing. As Finn Heartley reported in NaturalNews, the U.S. faces a '$37 trillion debt crisis as China, Japan, and other nations rapidly sell Treasury bonds, eroding dollar trust.'Â [4]  The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


This war will finalize that death. Iran and its allies will not allow energy to flow to nations supporting this invasion. The result will be a gradual physical severing of the energy trade that underpins dollar demand. This isn't a random escalation; it's a trigger deliberately pulled to ignite hyperinflation and financial chaos within the West. The global monetary system, built on endless debt and trust, will be exposed as a fraud when the oil stops flowing.The AI and Stock Market 'Miracle' Was a Debt-Fueled Mirage Let's be blunt: the so-called AI bubble is a stock valuation bubble inflated by debt and over-investment in AI infrastructure that can no longer be sustained. The technology exists, but the trillions in promised investment are pure fiction, reliant on a financial system that is now breaking. As reported by Fortune, a 'trillion-dollar AI market wipeout' has already begun because investors banked on a fantasy where 'almost every tech company would come out a winner.'Â [2]  President Trump's boasts about Gulf state money flooding into U.S. data centers are now a tragic punchline. Those nations are directly embroiled in this war; their economies are shattered. They will invoke force majeure, and the capital spigot will slam shut. The stock market, dominated by these tech valuations and propped up by phantom promises, is about to experience a wipeout that will make 2008 look orderly. The February 2026 selloff, where '$1 trillion vanished from software stocks in days,' was merely a preview of coming attractions.Â [3] The Bond Market is Already Dead; The Funeral is Next The bond market is screaming in agony, and almost everyone is ignoring it. The recent 'no bid' Treasury auction was a screaming air-raid siren. The Federal Reserve itself had to print money to buy its own debt -- a clear admission that foreign buyers are fleeing. As Finn Heartley reported in NaturalNews, the U.S. faces a '$37 trillion debt crisis as China, Japan, and other nations rapidly sell Treasury bonds, eroding dollar trust.'Â [4]  The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


The AI and Stock Market 'Miracle' Was a Debt-Fueled Mirage Let's be blunt: the so-called AI bubble is a stock valuation bubble inflated by debt and over-investment in AI infrastructure that can no longer be sustained. The technology exists, but the trillions in promised investment are pure fiction, reliant on a financial system that is now breaking. As reported by Fortune, a 'trillion-dollar AI market wipeout' has already begun because investors banked on a fantasy where 'almost every tech company would come out a winner.'Â [2]  President Trump's boasts about Gulf state money flooding into U.S. data centers are now a tragic punchline. Those nations are directly embroiled in this war; their economies are shattered. They will invoke force majeure, and the capital spigot will slam shut. The stock market, dominated by these tech valuations and propped up by phantom promises, is about to experience a wipeout that will make 2008 look orderly. The February 2026 selloff, where '$1 trillion vanished from software stocks in days,' was merely a preview of coming attractions.Â [3] The Bond Market is Already Dead; The Funeral is Next The bond market is screaming in agony, and almost everyone is ignoring it. The recent 'no bid' Treasury auction was a screaming air-raid siren. The Federal Reserve itself had to print money to buy its own debt -- a clear admission that foreign buyers are fleeing. As Finn Heartley reported in NaturalNews, the U.S. faces a '$37 trillion debt crisis as China, Japan, and other nations rapidly sell Treasury bonds, eroding dollar trust.'Â [4]  The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


Let's be blunt: the so-called AI bubble is a stock valuation bubble inflated by debt and over-investment in AI infrastructure that can no longer be sustained. The technology exists, but the trillions in promised investment are pure fiction, reliant on a financial system that is now breaking. As reported by Fortune, a 'trillion-dollar AI market wipeout' has already begun because investors banked on a fantasy where 'almost every tech company would come out a winner.'Â [2]  President Trump's boasts about Gulf state money flooding into U.S. data centers are now a tragic punchline. Those nations are directly embroiled in this war; their economies are shattered. They will invoke force majeure, and the capital spigot will slam shut. The stock market, dominated by these tech valuations and propped up by phantom promises, is about to experience a wipeout that will make 2008 look orderly. The February 2026 selloff, where '$1 trillion vanished from software stocks in days,' was merely a preview of coming attractions.Â [3] The Bond Market is Already Dead; The Funeral is Next The bond market is screaming in agony, and almost everyone is ignoring it. The recent 'no bid' Treasury auction was a screaming air-raid siren. The Federal Reserve itself had to print money to buy its own debt -- a clear admission that foreign buyers are fleeing. As Finn Heartley reported in NaturalNews, the U.S. faces a '$37 trillion debt crisis as China, Japan, and other nations rapidly sell Treasury bonds, eroding dollar trust.'Â [4]  The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


 President Trump's boasts about Gulf state money flooding into U.S. data centers are now a tragic punchline. Those nations are directly embroiled in this war; their economies are shattered. They will invoke force majeure, and the capital spigot will slam shut. The stock market, dominated by these tech valuations and propped up by phantom promises, is about to experience a wipeout that will make 2008 look orderly. The February 2026 selloff, where '$1 trillion vanished from software stocks in days,' was merely a preview of coming attractions.Â [3] The Bond Market is Already Dead; The Funeral is Next The bond market is screaming in agony, and almost everyone is ignoring it. The recent 'no bid' Treasury auction was a screaming air-raid siren. The Federal Reserve itself had to print money to buy its own debt -- a clear admission that foreign buyers are fleeing. As Finn Heartley reported in NaturalNews, the U.S. faces a '$37 trillion debt crisis as China, Japan, and other nations rapidly sell Treasury bonds, eroding dollar trust.'Â [4]  The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


President Trump's boasts about Gulf state money flooding into U.S. data centers are now a tragic punchline. Those nations are directly embroiled in this war; their economies are shattered. They will invoke force majeure, and the capital spigot will slam shut. The stock market, dominated by these tech valuations and propped up by phantom promises, is about to experience a wipeout that will make 2008 look orderly. The February 2026 selloff, where '$1 trillion vanished from software stocks in days,' was merely a preview of coming attractions.Â [3] The Bond Market is Already Dead; The Funeral is Next The bond market is screaming in agony, and almost everyone is ignoring it. The recent 'no bid' Treasury auction was a screaming air-raid siren. The Federal Reserve itself had to print money to buy its own debt -- a clear admission that foreign buyers are fleeing. As Finn Heartley reported in NaturalNews, the U.S. faces a '$37 trillion debt crisis as China, Japan, and other nations rapidly sell Treasury bonds, eroding dollar trust.'Â [4]  The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


The Bond Market is Already Dead; The Funeral is Next The bond market is screaming in agony, and almost everyone is ignoring it. The recent 'no bid' Treasury auction was a screaming air-raid siren. The Federal Reserve itself had to print money to buy its own debt -- a clear admission that foreign buyers are fleeing. As Finn Heartley reported in NaturalNews, the U.S. faces a '$37 trillion debt crisis as China, Japan, and other nations rapidly sell Treasury bonds, eroding dollar trust.'Â [4]  The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


The bond market is screaming in agony, and almost everyone is ignoring it. The recent 'no bid' Treasury auction was a screaming air-raid siren. The Federal Reserve itself had to print money to buy its own debt -- a clear admission that foreign buyers are fleeing. As Finn Heartley reported in NaturalNews, the U.S. faces a '$37 trillion debt crisis as China, Japan, and other nations rapidly sell Treasury bonds, eroding dollar trust.'Â [4]  The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


 The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


The petrodollar recycling scheme -- where oil producers took our dollars and loaned them back to us by buying Treasuries -- is finished. The Saudis and others are broke, their economies shattered by the very war we're escalating. This means Treasury yields will be forced to skyrocket to levels that will formally bankrupt the U.S. government. The interest payments on the debt will become mathematically impossible to meet, making obligations for Social Security, Medicare, and pensions pure fantasy.Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


Your Digital Bank Balance is a Lie -- Force Majeure is Coming for It What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


What is an asset worth if you cannot retrieve it? Zero. This is the core truth the masses refuse to grasp. We are already seeing the prelude: withdrawal limits from major funds and banks preparing for liquidity crises. The next, inevitable step is 'bail-ins' -- where your bank deposits are legally seized, converted into bank equity, and you are left with a worthless IOU. They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


 They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


They will declare 'force majeure,' a legal clause for unforeseen circumstances that prevent contract fulfillment. Your money in a bank is not yours; you are an unsecured creditor. When the system breaks, you get nothing. This is not speculation; it's the logical endpoint of a system built on 'Bankism,' which Bill Bodri defines as 'the systemic prioritization of banks' health and profitability over the well-being of the general public and the broader economy.'Â [5]Â The government's bank-first policies have created this fragility, and the coming war will be the excuse used to legally plunder your accounts.Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


Gold and Silver: The Only Escape from Counterparty Carnage In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


In my firm conviction, the only way to navigate this deliberate destruction is to exit the system of counterparty risk entirely. This means holding physical, self-custodied assets. Land, a paid-off home, stored food, and above all, honest money: gold and silver that you hold in your own hand or in a truly independent vault. Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


 Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


Gold is for preserving wealth through the transition. As the BRICS nations accelerate de-dollarization, Russia is trading oil in yuan, and China is mandating gold reserves.Â [6]Â Silver, currently at $73.15 per ounce, and gold, at $4,678 per ounce, are tangible metrics of reality, not digital fantasies. Instruments like Goldbacks and physical coins are for the commerce that will emerge in the interim -- the actual spending and barter that will keep life moving when digital digits are frozen or erased. Andy Schectman, in a recent interview, emphasized this point: 'Gold and silver are essential, as well as land and ammunition.'Â [7] This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


This is the Calculated 'Great Reset' -- Don't Be Its Victim I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


I believe one of the unstated goals of this engineered crisis is to crater the fiat currency, induce a panic of such magnitude that the populace begs for 'stability' in the form of Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and digital IDs -- a cage made of ones and zeros. As Belle Carter warned, 'The shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT.'Â [8]  They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


 They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


They have underestimated the fragility, but they are counting on your compliance. They will blame cyberattacks, terrorism, or the war itself for the collapse they triggered. Your task is not to wait and hope. It is to act. Convert paper promises into tangible reality. Own what you can hold. Because when the final reckoning comes, the only thing that will matter is what you truly possess. Decentralize your life, your assets, and your knowledge. Use uncensored platforms likeÂ BrightAnswers.aiÂ for honest research andÂ Brighteon.socialÂ for free speech. Prepare to be self-reliant. This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


 This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


This reckless war is the trigger. The dollar's final collapse is now in motion. Don't be standing in its way when it steamrolls those who are oblivious to what's happening.References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


References   Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


  Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024.  Explainer Infographic: 


 Health Ranger Report - The world changed on June 9 Saudi petrodollar - Mike Adams - Brighteon.com, June 14, 2024.  Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024. 
 Trillion-dollar AI market wipeout happened because investors banked ... - Fortune.com. February 16, 2026.  The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024. 
 The February 2026 Selloff: Anatomy of a Multi-Trillion Dollar Wipeout.  Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024. 
 Trump's Game-Changing Plan: Debt Crisis Looms as Treasury Debt Buyers Dwindle - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. August 04, 2025.  Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024. 
 Bankism How the Governments Bank-First Policies are Destroying the Nation Bill Bodri.  Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024. 
 Dollar Under Pressure Amid Gold and Crypto Growth - NaturalNews.com. Finn Heartley. September 11, 2025.  Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024. 
 Mike Adams interview with Andy Schectman - March 20 2024.  DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024. 
 DOLLAR DEMISE: Shift from dollar-based financial world to CBDC-focused system is IMMINENT - NaturalNews.com. Belle Carter. April 15, 2024. 

Explainer Infographic: 





Mike Adams (aka the ""Health Ranger"") is the founding editor of NaturalNews.com, a best selling author (#1 best selling science book on Amazon.com called ""Food Forensics""), an environmental scientist, a patent holder for a cesium radioactive isotope elimination invention, a multiple award winner for outstanding journalism, a science news publisher and influential commentator on topics ranging from science and medicine to culture and politics.
Mike Adams also serves as the lab science director of an internationally accredited (ISO 17025) analytical laboratory known as CWC Labs. There, he was awarded a Certificate of Excellence for achieving extremely high accuracy in the analysis of toxic elements in unknown water samples using ICP-MS instrumentation.
In his laboratory research, Adams has made numerous food safety breakthroughs such as revealing rice protein products imported from Asia to be contaminated with toxic heavy metals like lead, cadmium and tungsten. Adams was the first food science researcher to document high levels of tungsten in superfoods. He also discovered over 11 ppm lead in imported mangosteen powder, and led an industry-wide voluntary agreement to limit heavy metals in rice protein products.
Adams has also helped defend the rights of home gardeners and protect the medical freedom rights of parents. Adams is widely recognized to have made a remarkable global impact on issues like GMOs, vaccines, nutrition therapies, human consciousness.
This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2022 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Backup IP: http://45.89.97.6"
77,2026-04-03,"Driven by AI demand, obviously. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Get Tom's Hardware's best news and in-depth reviews, straight to your inbox.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
SemiAnalysis estimates that memory will account for roughly 30% of total hyperscaler capex in calendar year 2026, up from approximately 8% in CY23 and CY24. The firm projects that share will climb further in CY27, representing a near four-fold shift in just four years as DRAM prices surge beyond imagination and HBM remains massively undersupplied.
SemiAnalysis expects DRAM prices to more than double in CY26, with another double-digit ASP increase in CY27. LPDDR5 contract pricing has already risen more than three times since Q1 2025, and the firm estimates open-market pricing will likely exceed $10/GB this quarter.
HBM, the vertically stacked memory at the core of AI accelerators, remains undersupplied through CY27 according to SemiAnalysis’s findings, with memory now constituting a massive share of the approximately $250 billion in incremental hyperscaler spend projected for this calendar year.
Memory is taking over Hyperscaler CapEx.In CY23 and CY24, memory was ~8% of total Hyperscaler spend. We estimate it hits 30% in CY26 and moves higher in CY27. That's a near-4x shift in just four years. (1/4) 🧵 pic.twitter.com/fUxpwUYfcOApril 3, 2026
This is already reflected in AI server pricing, with SemiAnalysis noting that B200 prices are set to rise by up to 20% by year-end, driven in large part by memory cost inflation. That aligns with the broader industry, with manufacturers having acknowledged steep component cost increases in recent earnings calls. Dell's COO, Jeff Clarke, described the rate of cost movement as ""unprecedented"" in its Q325 earnings call back in November.
Counterpoint Research has separately projected that DDR5 64GB RDIMM modules could cost twice as much by the end of 2026 as they did in early 2025. AI servers built on Nvidia's LPDDR-based platforms are seeing some of the steepest increases because of the sheer volume of memory per system.
An interesting dynamic SemiAnalysis noted is that Nvidia receives what the firm calls ""VVP"" (Very Very Preferred) DRAM pricing from suppliers, “well below [the rates paid by] both hyperscalers and the broader market.” This, according to SemiAnalysis, compresses Nvidia's own server cost exposure and pushes down overall market pricing benchmarks, masking how severe the supply crunch actually is for everyone else.
AMD sits on the other side of that dynamic, with its AI accelerator SKUs generally carrying higher memory content per unit, and the company doesn’t benefit from the same preferential supplier pricing. At a time when AMD operates at far lower AI accelerator volume than Nvidia, making AMD “structurally more exposed [to memory cost inflation] at a time when it operates at far lower AI accelerator scale.” In other words, Nvidia's purchasing scale across HBM and conventional DRAM gives it leverage that smaller-volume buyers simply can’t replicate.
Get Tom's Hardware's best news and in-depth reviews, straight to your inbox.
SemiAnalysis concluded that while memory inflation is already partially reflected in CY26 capex guidance from major cloud operators, CY27 repricing is not yet captured in Wall Street estimates. Samsung, SK hynix, and Micron have all diverted production capacity toward HBM and high-margin enterprise DRAM, leaving conventional DDR5 and LPDDR5 supply constrained, and new fab capacity from Micron's $9.6 billion Hiroshima HBM facility and SK hynix's Icheon and Cheongju expansions won’t be delivering meaningful output until 2027 or 2028 at the earliest.
 



Follow Tom's Hardware on Google News, or add us as a preferred source, to get our latest news, analysis, & reviews in your feeds.
Luke James is a freelance writer and journalist.  Although his background is in legal, he has a personal interest in all things tech, especially hardware and microelectronics, and anything regulatory. 

Tom's Hardware is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. "
78,2026-04-03,"Dave has a bachelor of arts degree in journalism, and has been writing professionally since 2006. Over the years he's produced content for many global brands, including IGN, PC Gamer, TechRadar and Tom's Guide. His main passions revolve around PC hardware, display tech and gaming.  
Dave is absolutely obsessed with cutting-edge PC technology. He's been building his own rigs since ye olden days of 2004 and has owned an embarrassing number of GPUs over that timeframe. 
When he’s not obsessing over frame rates, Dave can normally be found fretting over dead pixels and OLED burn-in. He first fell in love with OLED displays in 2015, and has spent the ensuing years obliterating his bank balance buying “Light Emitting Diode” screens. 
In his off hours, Dave can normally be found sweating unbearably over Arsenal results. He might take footba… sorry “soccer”, a little too seriously.
I have a big GPU problem. That’s an issue my increasingly beleaguered credit card can attest to. Ever since I fell back in love with PC gaming in 2014 (after eight years of being wooed by consoles), I’ve upgraded my graphics cards at an unhinged rate. And yet, up until a few months ago, I never got the full benefit of these GPUs, because I didn’t realize there was a different, more visually appealing way of inserting them into my home-built rigs.
For years, I thought the only way you could connect a graphics card to a motherboard’s PCIe x16 slot was horizontally. Even though I’ve paid for several GPUs that supported flashy RGB effects, I never got the glow-off benefit because my cards were facing downwards. In turn, this meant that the lighting around these GPUs’ fans was obscured due to their inherent positioning.
Now I know better. After years of building PCs wrong, I now know what a GPU should look like when probably installed.
 Alright, the words “wrong” and ""should"" in that last sentence are doing some subjective heavy lifting. I’m not saying there’s no incorrect way to put together a custom PC. There are a ton of mistakes first-time PC builders make, and the optional (often expensive) choice to vertically mount your GPU likely isn’t one of them. 
What I’m mainly trying to state is that I, very specifically, made the wrong GPU-mounting/PC case choices for a sizable chunk of time because I was simply unaware that you could physically mount a graphics card vertically. Yes, yes, feel free to let the “noob” comments flow forth. Some of us are simply slow learners. 
Once you know the precise case and accessories you need to vertically mount a (most likely) high-end graphics card, holy moly, are the results ever eye alluring.
I’ve owned my Palit GeForce RTX 5090 for around a year at time of writing. Spoiler: the fastest consumer GPU on the market is pretty dang awesome. My third-party Nvidia graphics card is also downright showy.
While I absolutely appreciate the minimalist design ethic of Team Green’s official “Founders Edition” cards, the reality is that most third-party manufacturers will lean on fancy LED effects to try and prize your money from your change purse. 
The Gigabyte GeForce RTX 5080 is an Nvidia graphics card with 16GB of GDDR7 memory that supports DLSS 4 supersampling. 
When your GPU is pointed downwards, it’s basically impossible to fully appreciate any RGB effects it may offer. When your card is vertically mounted in a PC case with tempered glass (allowing you to admire all of your rig’s components), that’s an entirely different story. 
For all that, it’s a thundering cliché among hardcore PC gamers, I must confess: I love RGB lighting effects. I’m 40, so thus I feel more than a tad guilty for embracing my inner teenager, but glowing PC lights make me happy. And I’ve honestly never appreciated a GPU’s aesthetics more than being able to witness my Palit card go through its rainbow effects when I’m enjoying FPS-slaying, but amazing looking path-traced PC games.
 The Godzilla-sized caveat to vertical GPU mounting is this: you need to love LED effects. If you’re a fan of minimalist PC builds, positioning your graphics card in such an unconventional way is most likely going to slightly hinder performance without adding any benefit to your system.
You should also know that unless a high-tower/mid-tower ATX case is advertised as supporting vertical GPU mounting, you shouldn’t assume this feature is guaranteed. Often, you’ll need a bespoke PCIe 4.0 x16 extension/riser cable connected to your mobo before you can mount your card vertically. And these normally retail for well in excess of $50. My awesome Hyte Y70 Touch Infinite case comes with such an extension, thankfully. But you need to make sure your case supports the fairly roomy capacity such a luxury accessory requires.
It's not major gains, but any strain off the CPU is good to me.
Another pitfall when it comes to vertically mounting your GPU? Thermal throttling. My PC costs more than my car, yet if my high-end rig didn’t have the room to adequately accommodate my card, in a vertical position, heat dissipation would be a real problem. A problem that could lead to potentially worse in-game frame rates because (occasionally) vertically mounted GPUs don't have enough room to fully ventilate.
Does my now vertically mounted GPU make games like Crimson Desert or Resident Evil Requiem run more smoothly? Obviously not. But in our current TikTok-obsessed times, there’s a lot to be said about admiring a custom–built PC that proudly shows off every crucial component.
Should you be lucky enough to own a tempered glass PC case, and if you have the space to accommodate a PCIe riser cable, a vertically mounted GPU is one of the flashiest upgrades you can bestow upon your rig.
We want to hear from you! Share your opinions in the thread below and remember to keep it respectful.
Your comment has not been saved
This thread is open for discussion.
Be the first to post your thoughts.
"
79,2026-04-03,"When you purchase through links in our articles, we may earn a small commission. This doesn't affect our editorial independence.
On April 1, 1976, three visionaries decided to start building computers at a humble, California-based garage. Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak took care of marketing and hardware, while Ronald Wayne briefly assisted with administration. Success was far from guaranteed at the time, and Apple Computer Company had to undergo multiple evolutions before earning its current status as the most influential corporation.
And it’s not even close to slowing down. In the last 10 years alone, Apple has put out one of the most dramatic iPhone redesigns, a couple of groundbreaking gadgets, plus a ton of other advancements in tablet and desktop computing. Here’s a look at the most noteworthy products released between 2016 and today: 
Roman Loyola/IDG
When Apple made the controversial decision to remove the headphone jack from the iPhone 7, it created a problem that needed a solution. The wireless AirPods were more than that.
While they were the butt of more than a few jokes after their debut, AirPods popularized the wireless earbud format, pushing rivals to develop their own copycat models. Apple has since rounded out the lineup with the higher-end AirPods Pro and over-ear AirPods Max, along with tight ecosystem integrations, including Hearing Protection, Spatial Audio, Find My, and other handy perks that contribute to their undeniable popularity.
Foundry
Everyone knew something big was coming at the 2017 iPhone event, but no one was prepared for Apple to reinvent the phone again. To mark the iPhone’s 10th anniversary, Apple unveiled the iPhone X with a “One more thing” announcement, and it was worth the fanfare. The revolutionary redesign did away with the classic Home button and thick bezels and made way for Face ID, gesture navigation, and the first Liquid Retina display with rounded corners and an edge-to-edge aesthetic.
The iPhone has been through numerous updates since the iPhone X’s unveiling, but the impact of the all-screen design and multi-touch navigation continues to be felt across all of Apple’s product lines.
Apple
In 2018, the Apple Watch Series 4 debuted, featuring the first major design overhaul. The smartwatch offered larger size options and a sharper display with rounder corners and slimmer bezels. 
But the biggest chance wasn’t the design. The Apple Watch Series 4 leaned heavily into health, with a new electrical heart rate sensor, the first ECG sensor, Fall Detection, the ability to detect Atrial Fibrillation, and other fitness enhancements. The Apple Watch Series 4’s design still feels fresh today on the SE 3, and its focus on wellness is on full display on the latest Apple Watch Series 11.
Foundry
When the first iPad Pro arrived in 2015, it was basically a larger version of the iPad we already knew. In 2018, it came into its own with a transformative design upgrade. 
Smaller, skinnier, and drop-dead gorgeous, the 3rd-gen iPad Pro was the start of a years-long tablet redesign that dropped the Home button, slimmed down the bezels, and adopted the iPhone X’s Liquid Retina display. Apart from the all-screen look, the iPad Pro also adopted the universal USB-C port and introduced the Apple Pencil 2, which magically attached to the top edge when charging.
Jason Cross/Foundry
2020 was the year that changed everything for the Mac. While Apple had been through processor changes before, the Mac’s transition from Intel chips to Apple silicon wasn’t a mere chip upgrade. The shift unlocked higher power and efficiency levels, making Macs significantly more reliable and efficient, and dramatically boosting performance and battery life. 
Apple launched the M1 chip in three existing Macs—the MacBook Air, 13-inch MacBook Pro, and Mac mini—to showcase its raw power. But it wasn’t just speed—Apple silicon also introduced support for iOS apps on the Mac and made it easier for developers to optimize their iPhone apps for the Mac. Today, M chips can also be found in higher-end iPads, unlocking unrivaled capabilities in impossibly thin tablets.
Foundry
Despite its small size, the launch of the AirTag in 2021 had a remarkable impact on how we keep track of our personal belongings. For just $29, any iPhone user can find the exact location of a tagged item—as long as another Apple user is in its vicinity. Thanks to a network of billions of iPhones, the Find My network is the most reliable of its kind, outdoing third-party solutions like Tile and others. 
Countless stories have been shared about how AirTag was able to locate misplaced baggage while traveling, stolen cars, bikes, wallets, and even pets. It may not be the fanciest Apple product, but it has certainly been one of the most valuable introductions of the past decade.
David Price / Foundry
After years of rumors, Apple finally kick-started its spatial computing era with the Vision Pro. Announced at WWDC 2023, the headset utilizes several cameras and sensors to 3D-map and analyze users’ surroundings. It then generates a virtual reality where users get to pick the level of immersion. 
With visionOS, users can place floating app windows and widgets anywhere in their view, turning any room into a large digital canvas. While its $3,499 price tag has barred most iPhone users from even considering buying one, the Vision Pro gives us an early glimpse of Apple’s vision for the future of computing.
Foundry
Perhaps the most recent impactful Apple release of the past 10 years is its newest: the low-cost MacBook Neo. Starting at $499 for students and educators, this MacBook is the cheapest, most accessible laptop Apple has ever made. 
While some power users will naturally complain about its A18 Pro iPhone chip, the device isn’t for them. It’s Apple’s first laptop made for switchers, students, and kids who need a reliable machine for web browsing, checking emails, handling documents, and light photo or video editing. Given Apple’s established reputation and the MacBook’s premium build, Neo is bound to disrupt the affordable laptop market for years to come.
This is part five of a five-part series exploring 50 years of Apple product releases. You can catch up on anything you missed here: (1976-1985; 1986-1995; 1996-2005; 2006-2015).

For a decade, Mahmoud has rigorously evaluated Apple hardware and software. His current technological arsenal features an iPhone 16 Pro Max, Apple Watch Series 9, MacBook Air M2, iPad Air M1, AirPods Pro 2, AirTag, Apple TV 4K 3, and HomePod Mini stereo pair. Outside of work, you’ll likely find him jogging at a park, swimming in open water, brainstorming at a coffeehouse, composing poetry on a rooftop, or merely lost in nature.
Macworld Sweden
Macwelt Germany
Subscribe to the Macworld Digital Magazine
Manage Subscription
Newsletter
Follow us on WhatsApp"
80,2026-04-03,"Magellan Asset Management, an investment management company, released the fourth quarter 2025 investor letter for “Magellan Global Fund”. A copy of the..."
81,2026-04-03,"Best Buy's March Madness TV sale is almost over, so I've rounded up the 9 best deals, including clearance prices on best-selling 4K, QLED, and OLED TVs."
82,2026-04-03,"Login

Vlad 
03 April 2026


Infinix Android Rumors

The Infinix GT 50 Pro is on the way, and it was allegedly spotted in the Geekbench online database back in January, powered by the Dimensity 8400 SoC paired with 12GB of RAM. Then, in February, a leak revealed most of its specs.
Today we can present you with some more information about this phone thanks to our trusted sources. We can also show you the device in two colors (see below). The GT 50 Pro has a premium Kevlar texture and aerodynamic design details, and a striking semi-transparent colored window which makes the cooling channels look like mechanical components. You can watch the phone ""breathe"" through this window, as the liquid flows in real time.



Infinix GT 50 Pro
The device also introduces the industry's first dual-pressure shoulder triggers, enabling complex multi-action control with a single finger. These have a lifespan of over 3 million presses and a response latency of 20ms. The system supports up to 8 mapping points and 10 levels of adjustable pressure-sensitivity, pre-optimized for popular mobile games. The triggers can also be used for sliding zoom for photography, as well as one-touch task shortcuts.
The GT 50 Pro's Micro-Pump HydroFlow Liquid Cooling Architecture features a massive 6,437mm² diaphragm area for better heat dissipation. It has 100% coverage of the core heat areas.
The MagCharge Cooler 2.0 is the industry's first wireless charger with wireless bypass charging, delivering power directly to the motherboard and bypassing the battery completely if needed, thus eliminating heat at the source for sustained performance. It supports 15W wireless charging and 12W active TEC refrigeration.
According to the previous leak, the Infinix GT 50 Pro comes with a 6.78-inch AMOLED screen with ""1.5K"" resolution and a 144Hz refresh rate, 256/512GB of storage, a 50MP main camera with OIS, an 8MP ultrawide, a 13MP selfie camera, and a 6,500 mAh or 6,150 mAh (depending on market) battery with support for 45W wired, 30W wireless, 10W reverse wired, and 5W reverse wireless charging.
Currently using gt 30 pro and this gt 50 (test unit). It has RGB at the back like gt 30
What the hell is this chop 
Currently using this phone since November 2025 (sent for trial purpose).



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2026 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use

"
83,2026-04-03,"Bitcoin is trading choppily around $66,600, as the extended holiday weekend sidelines potential buyers and gives bears greater control over price action.
With CME futures and ETF flows set to pause over Good Friday, the market is heading into a liquidity gap just as its most reliable source of support is already weakening.
Bitcoin’s $65,000 support is starting to look fragile as the market’s most active buyers turn out to be its most macro-dependent. In a recent report, CryptoQuant data show 30-day apparent demand at about -63,000 BTC, even as ETF and corporate purchases climb to multi-month highs, while Singapore-based market maker Enflux told CoinDesk in a note that the price floor is “partly underwritten by rate-cut expectations.”
ETF purchases rose to roughly 50,000 BTC over the past 30 days, the highest since October 2025, while Strategy accumulated about 44,000 BTC over the same period. Yet overall demand remained negative, with selling from other participants overwhelming those inflows.
The pressure is most visible among large holders, CryptoQuant wrote in a recent report. Wallets holding 1,000 to 10,000 BTC have flipped to net distribution, with their one-year balance change dropping to about negative 188,000 BTC from a positive 200,000 BTC at the 2024 cycle peak. Mid-sized holders have also slowed accumulation sharply, while the Coinbase Premium has remained negative, signaling weak U.S. spot demand.
The result is a market where rising institutional activity does not translate into stronger price support. As more capital shifts toward ETF wrappers and regulated futures markets, bitcoin is increasingly priced through macro-sensitive positioning such as hedging and allocation shifts rather than broad-based spot accumulation.
That positioning is now being tested by inflation data, Enflux wrote. The ISM prices-paid index jumped to 78.3 in March, its highest since June 2022, undermining expectations for near-term rate cuts. Enflux said the repricing has already begun to show up in flows, with $296 million in net ETF outflows during the week of March 24 and muted inflows in early April.
The long weekend removes a key stabilizer. With CME closed and ETF creation and redemption paused, the institutional bid that has increasingly anchored bitcoin’s price will be largely absent, leaving trading to spot markets where selling pressure has been most persistent.
CryptoQuant said any relief rally could face resistance between roughly $71,500 and $81,200, levels that have capped prior rebounds in the current bear-market structure.
The broader test comes with U.S. inflation data on April 9. If March core PCE exceeds February’s 3.1%, rate-cut expectations could fade further, strengthening bearish case in bitcoin.
More For You
Most crypto privacy models weaken as blockchain data grows. Encryption-based models like Zcash strengthen. CoinDesk Research maps the five privacy approaches and examines the widening gap.
Why it matters: 
As blockchain adoption scales, the metadata available to machine learning models scales with it. Obfuscation-based privacy approaches are structurally degrading as a result. This report provides a comprehensive comparison of all five major crypto privacy architectures and a framework for evaluating which models remain durable as AI capabilities improve.
More For You
Price tracks broader crypto flows, with range-bound structure intact until $1.35 breaks.
What to know: 
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
84,2026-04-03,
85,2026-04-03,"Retail Partner
Style Partner
Strength Partner
In Partnership With
Industry Partners
Crafted By
Radio Partner
Broadcast Partner
OOH Partner
Scripted & Directed by
Top 10 richest people in the world (April 2026): March proved challenging for billionaires, as both the S&P 500 and Nasdaq fell nearly 5 per cent amid the West Asia conflict. Nine of the world’s 10 richest people entered April poorer than they were at the start of March, with their combined fortunes declining by more than $100 billion to a total of $2.5 trillion as of April 1 at 12 am Eastern time.
According to Forbes, all 10 are men, each with a net worth of at least $142 billion as of April 1, down from $148 billion last month.
Even more notable is the shake-up at the top, as only four members of last month’s top 10 retained their ranks, including the world’s richest person, Elon Musk, and No. 2 Sergey Brin. Despite holding their positions, Musk and Brin were two of the five top 10 members who each lost at least $20 billion over the past month. Musk’s fortune fell by $22 billion to $817 billion, keeping him more than three times as wealthy as his runner-up, Brin, whose net worth declined by $20 billion to $237 billion.
The biggest loser was Frenchman Bernard Arnault of luxury goods conglomerate LVMH, who dropped from No. 7 to No. 10, as his fortune sank by $28 billion, to $142.5 billion. Another big loser was Spanish fast-fashion mogul Amancio Ortega, who tumbled from No. 10 to No. 14, as his fortune plunged by $20 billion to $128 billion. Warren Buffett also fell out of the top 10, sliding from No. 9 to No. 11, as his net worth fell by $7 billion to $142 billion.
A member of America’s richest family ranks among the planet’s 10 wealthiest people for the first time in at least three years.
Walmart heir Rob Walton lost $3 billion but nevertheless jumped into the top 10 for the first time in at least three years. The other new face in this month’s top 10 (and the only gainer) was PC mogul Michael Dell, who climbed from No. 13 to No. 8, as his fortune inched upward by $2 billion to $143.1 billion.
Jeff Bezos also moved up to No. 3 for the first time since October, as his fortune dipped by a relatively modest $1 billion to $223 billion. He swapped places with Google cofounder Sergey Brin, who dropped to No. 4 for the first time since January, as his net worth fell by $18 billion to $219 billion.
Below are the 10 richest people on earth as of April 1, 2026, according to Forbes. Please note that stock prices fluctuate regularly, meaning these net worths may vary daily.
Source: Forbes
  "
86,2026-04-03,"When it comes to soup, there’s a familiar script: You boil, you simmer, you tend. It’s a weekend endeavor—music on, spoon in hand—where time is the primary ingredient and depth the reward.
But not all soups are trying to be that soup.
Think of it the way you might think of eggs: not as a single category, but as a spectrum of doneness, of mood, of purpose. A six-minute egg is soft, custardy, a little luxurious — something you eat with toast, standing at the counter, yolk pooling gold across the plate. A hard-boiled egg is something else entirely: firm, portable, reliable, tucked into lunchboxes or sliced over a salad. Neither is better. They simply answer different questions.
Related
Soup works the same way. There are the long-simmered, brothy pots — the ones that ask for a Sunday afternoon, for a low flame and a little patience, their depth accumulating slowly, almost imperceptibly, over time. And then there are the others: quicker, brighter, built on a different logic. These are the soups you make and eat within the span of an hour, sometimes less — what I’ve taken to calling “lunch soups” (in that I can make and eat them all within a single lunch hour) though they’re no less complete for their speed.
They don’t trade depth for speed so much as they trade time for contrast. Where long-simmered soups deepen gradually, these come alive all at once. There’s usually something creamy or structured at its base — beans, coconut milk, yogurt — to give it body. An umami anchor follows: miso, a spoonful of broth concentrate, a shower of cheese. Then comes lift, like lemon zest, a splash of vinegar, something to pull everything upward. And finally, the finish: herbs, crunch, heat, a little fat, layered generously over the top.
What emerges isn’t a shortcut so much as a shift in architecture. Where long-simmered soups rely on time to build depth, these build it through contrast: creamy against sharp, rich against bright, soft against crisp. The result is immediate, vivid, and complete in its own way, asking for minutes instead of hours—and rewarding you anyway.
Want more great food writing and recipes? Sign up for Salon’s free food newsletter, The Bite.
One way to understand this shift is to look at a soup that does take its time and see what it’s actually doing.
In “Everything I Want to Eat,” Jessica Koslow, of Sqirl, offers a chickpea stew with chard, poached eggs and smoked chile. It begins, as many great soups do, with patience: garbanzo beans soaked overnight, then simmered until tender. Aromatics are sizzled — onion, garlic, ginger — followed by tomato and warming spices, including cinnamon and smoked chile. Some of the chickpeas are mashed back into the pot for body.
And then, the turn: each bowl is finished with a poached egg, ribbons of chard, lemon, aioli and toast.
It’s a deeply satisfying soup — but what makes it so isn’t only the hours it takes. It’s the structure. Creaminess, spice, brightness, richness, texture — all layered, all working together.
We need your help to stay independent
Once you see that, you can begin to rearrange it. Some tips, when making lunch soups:
Bloom, don’t simmer
Spices and aromatics cooked briefly in fat open up quickly, creating depth in minutes rather than hours. Let onions, garlic or ginger sizzle until fragrant, then add your spices directly to the oil so they toast and release their full character. Even 30 seconds of this kind of attention can transform the base of a soup.
Blend for body
A partial purée — just enough to thicken—gives you richness without the need for long reduction. Scoop out a portion of the soup and blend it smooth, or use an immersion blender to break down just part of the pot. What you’re after is contrast: some texture left intact, some turned silky, the whole thing feeling more cohesive.
Use ready-made powerhouses
Miso, canned beans, coconut cream, good stock: ingredients that arrive already carrying flavor. Instead of building everything from scratch, you’re layering onto a foundation that’s already there — salty, savory, complex. A spoonful of miso whisked into broth or a can of beans folded in at the right moment can stand in for hours of slow development.
Finish like you mean it
Acid, herbs, crunch, heat, fat — layered generously over the top, not as garnish but as architecture. A squeeze of lemon sharpens, a handful of dill or parsley brightens, fried shallots or breadcrumbs add texture, a drizzle of oil or aioli brings richness. This is where the soup comes fully into focus, each spoonful shifting slightly depending on what you catch.
Take, for instance, a pot of white beans built for speed.
Start with aromatics: a little oil in the pan, onion and garlic powder if that’s what you have, or the fresh versions if you don’t. Add red pepper flakes and dried oregano, letting them bloom in the fat just long enough to wake up—fragrant, a little toasty, the edges of their flavor beginning to soften and deepen.
Then build the body. A can of white beans, drained and rinsed, goes in, along with enough water or stock to loosen it. A spoonful of miso melts into the broth, followed by a pour of coconut cream. Let it come together for a few minutes, then blend part of it—just enough to thicken the base while leaving some beans intact.
Now lift it. Lemon zest, stirred in at the end, brings everything into focus—the richness of the coconut, the savoriness of the miso, the warmth of the spices. Taste and adjust: more salt, more acid, a little more heat if you like.
And then, the finish. Ladle the soup into a bowl and pile it high: fried shallots for crunch, a snow of chopped dill, more lemon zest, maybe a shower of Parmesan if you want salt and fat and a little edge. Each spoonful shifts depending on what you catch — creamy, bright, herby, crisp.
The soup itself is simple. The experience isn’t.
Ingredients
For the soup:
2 tablespoons olive oil (or neutral oil)
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes (or to taste)
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 can (15 ounces) white beans (such as cannellini or Great Northern), drained and rinsed
3 cups water or broth
1–2 tablespoons white or yellow miso (to taste)
1/3 cup coconut cream (or full-fat coconut milk)
Zest of 1 lemon
1/2 teaspoon onion powder (or 1/2 small onion, finely chopped)
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder (or 2 cloves garlic, minced)
Salt, to taste
To finish:
Fried shallots or crispy onions
Fresh dill, chopped
Extra lemon zest or a squeeze of juice
Grated Parmesan (optional, but lovely)
Drizzle of olive oil or chili oil
 
Directions
Some other variations on the “lunch soup” formula:
Start with olive oil, garlic and red pepper flakes, bloomed until fragrant. Add a can of white beans and a few cups of broth, then let it simmer briefly. Stir in a heap of chopped greens — kale, chard or spinach — until just wilted. Finish with lemon zest, a squeeze of juice, grated Parmesan and a drizzle of olive oil. It’s lighter and more brothy, but still hits that same balance: savory, bright and a little rich.
Sauté garlic in butter or olive oil, then add a can of crushed tomatoes and a splash of water or stock. Simmer just long enough to mellow, then blend until smooth (or leave a little texture if you like). Finish with a swirl of chili oil, fresh herbs — basil, parsley or dill — and a spoonful of yogurt or cream. The depth comes from the butter and tomato, the brightness from the finish.
Warm curry paste or ginger and garlic in oil, then add coconut milk and broth. Drop in quick-cooking noodles and let them soften directly in the soup. Finish with lime juice, fish sauce or soy sauce, and a handful of herbs. Top with crushed peanuts or fried shallots for crunch.
Read more
about this topic

        Copyright © 2026 Salon.com, LLC. Reproduction of material from any Salon pages without written permission is strictly prohibited. SALON ® is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as a trademark of Salon.com, LLC. Associated Press articles: Copyright © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.    


            DMCA Policy        
"
87,2026-04-03,"Peptides have become one of the buzziest topics in longevity and wellness circles. With promises of better sleep to enhanced recovery and even anti-aging benefits, it's no wonder people are tempted to buy them online.
But that shortcut could be dangerous. Mindbodygreen co-founder Jason Wachob sat down with longevity expert Elizabeth Yurth, M.D., to discuss peptides at the 2026 Revitalize summit, and her warning was crystal clear. If you're not doing peptides the right way, with proper medical oversight, you're putting your health at serious risk.
Here's what you need to know before you click ""add to cart.""
Your mind might immediately go to GLP-1 drugs when you hear the word peptides, but they are so much more than that.
Peptides are signaling molecules in your body that are similar to a small chain of proteins. While proteins contain more than 50 amino acids linked together, while peptides contain between two and 48 amino acids.
Peptides have very specific signaling messages, that intend to work on very targeted pathways. They work on things like immune function, muscle and joint health and recovery. Our body makes peptides naturally, but production declines as we age.
When you buy peptides from an online source without a prescription, you're likely getting what Yurth calls a ""research chemical."" This means it's not a pharmaceutical-grade product.
""If your peptide does not come with your name on it and what you should be doing with it, it's probably a research chemical,"" she explained.
These products often lack quality control, third-party testing, or any guarantee of what's actually in the vial. You could be dealing with contamination, incorrect concentrations, or mislabeled ingredients. And because peptides require individualized dosing based on your health status and goals, a one-size-fits-all approach from an unregulated source is inherently risky.
The FDA has taken notice. In December 2024, the agency issued a warning letter to Summit Research Peptides1 (a company selling peptides online), noting that despite ""RESEARCH USE ONLY"" labels, the products were clearly intended for human use. It's a sign that regulators are cracking down on companies operating in this gray market.
Yurth has seen the fallout firsthand in her clinical practice.
""I just saw a patient who had bought a peptide on the internet, had a horrendous immune reaction and really almost died,"" she shared. ""And so I think we have to be really careful. As tempting as they sound, you have to be doing them the right way with somebody who understands.""
And she's concerned about what this means for the future of peptide therapy as a legitimate medical tool.
""I'm seeing the bad outcomes, and that's what's gonna ruin this field,"" she said. ""So that's why we have to really put our foot down on this and say we have to do these things in a regulated fashion, or we're not gonna be able to have it at all.""
In other words, the proliferation of unregulated peptides doesn't just hurt individuals. It threatens to undermine the entire field of peptide medicine.
If you're considering peptides, here are some signs that a source may not be safe:
Peptides can be a powerful tool when used correctly. Here's how to do it the right way:
Peptides have real potential in longevity medicine, but the unregulated online market is a minefield. If you're curious about peptides, do it the right way. Work with a qualified provider, get a personalized protocol, and make sure your peptides come from a regulated source.
*These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease."
88,2026-04-03,"Apple is reportedly buying DRAM for high prices to corner the mobile market, leaving its rivals with fewer components and higher costs."
89,2026-04-03,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
16 hours ago
After a year-long hiatus, Samsung’s custom chip series has returned to the Galaxy S26 series with the new Exynos 2600. While the powerhouse Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 for Galaxy is reserved for all Ultra models and select markets like the US, the Exynos 2600 boasts a number of improvements that it hopes will persuade global customers that Samsung is back at the top table of chip design.
We’ve already covered the latest Exynos vs Snapdragon race, but here are the key talking points. The Exynos 2600 steps up its performance with Arm’s latest C1-Ultra and C1-Pro cores, albeit at slower clock speeds than Qualcomm’s custom Oryon cores. Similarly, the GPU has been upgraded to an Xclipse 960, with up to 50% better ray tracing performance and Samsung’s Exynos Neural Super Sampling (ENSS) technology. The NPU has seen a significant 113% boost, too, ensuring the chip can run the latest on-device AI models.
In addition to the highly anticipated component upgrades, Samsung has debuted its new Heat Path Block (HPB) technology with the Exynos 2600. This is designed to improve heat transfer using High-k EMC materials, reducing thermal resistance by up to 16% and helping the chip sustain performance under heavy loads. Sounds promising, but what does it actually mean for head-to-head performance?
Diving right into Geekbench 6’s ever-popular CPU test, we can see the pros and cons of the Exynos and Snapdragon architectures. Qualcomm’s larger, higher-clocked Oryon CPU cores deliver a significant single-core performance lead. The Snapdragon chip is 16% faster here, a far bigger gap than the 7.5% advantage Qualcomm held the last time that Samsung shipped two Galaxy chipsets. As much as Arm has moved to improve the raw throughput of its latest powerhouse cores, Samsung’s low clock speeds here mean there’s a far larger gap to close. I can only hope that this conservative nature helps with power efficiency.
Thankfully, multi-core performance, which is more important for everyday apps, is virtually the same between the two; I clocked just a 1% difference, which is essentially a margin of error. Whether you’re playing the latest Android games or flicking through 101 Chrome tabs, the Exynos 2600’s higher core count can keep up with Snapdragon’s raw throughput. That said, single-core performance does have advantages for app load responsiveness, emulator performance, and running your phone as a PC companion, so the 8 Elite Gen 5 for Galaxy remains more capable here.
Switching to graphics, I ran 3DMark’s Wild Life Extreme and Solar Bay stress tests to test these GPUs across both high-end traditional rendering and mixed ray tracing workloads.
Starting with Wild Life, the Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 for Galaxy continues to hold a major advantage in raw rasterization. It scores 25% faster than the Exynos 2600, a considerable difference that is bound to affect average and lower frame rates, especially for demanding emulators. The Exynos 2600 also appears to run hotter after just one run, though I won’t put too much stock in this metric alone, since the Galaxy S26 Ultra has a better cooling setup. Still, it certainly seems to warm up more quickly.
It’s not all bad news for Samsung’s chip here; it scores 74.9% in sustainability, compared to Qualcomm’s 53.8%. This means the Exynos phone drops its peak frame rate less during prolonged, demanding work. This is evident: after about 9 minutes of testing, the two scores level off, and the Exynos variant actually runs marginally faster in the final quarter of the test. While most Android games aren’t as demanding as 3DMark’s tests, this is an important caveat for very long gaming or emulator sessions where heat inevitably builds up — Exynos actually performs very similarly in these instances.
3DMark’s Solar Bay stress test tells a different story. AMD’s work in improving the ray tracing performance of the Xclipse 960 GPU used by Samsung has clearly paid off; it’s essentially just as fast as the Snapdragon in this test. In fact, the Exynos 2600 wins out across all other metrics; its temperatures are lower during the first few tests, suggesting it’s not working quite as hard, and it sustains its peak scores for 3 runs before throttling back. The Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5, by comparison, can only sustain its best score for a single run.
Over the full stress test, performance between the two chips again ends up very similar by mid-test, with the Exynos maintaining a slim lead after 20 minutes. This ray-tracing gain is a promising result for Samsung; it’s just a shame that ray-tracing remains more of a niche feature and that standard rasterization performance isn’t closer, which would help close the gap in classic emulators and mainstream Android titles.
It’s good to see Samsung back in the chipset game this year. However, the Exynos 2600 again feels like a mixed bag from Samsung in terms of raw performance. While it’s made some efforts to close the gap with Qualcomm in NPU and ray-tracing graphics, which is appreciated, I still have some concerns about temperatures.
The chipset’s CPU clock speeds are quite low for a 2026 flagship piece of silicon. MediaTek’s Dimensity 9500 uses a similar Arm C1-Ultra yet is able to hit 4.21GHz instead of 3.8GHz. That’s not enough to completely close the gap, but certainly suggests Samsung is being conservative, quite possibly owing to the yield on its 2nm manufacturing process. Likewise, higher temperatures under stress suggest an underlying issue with temperatures that even the HPB technology can’t address. Or perhaps the Xclipse GPU is simply not great under strain. Paired with early reports that Samsung’s new chip isn’t great for power efficiency, I am a bit concerned that 2nm GAA might not be quite as robust as Samsung wants us to believe.
As with previous years, there’s a reason Samsung is sticking with Snapdragon for its premium Galaxy S26 Ultra — it’s still the fastest mobile chip money can buy. That said, the Exynos 2600 version of the Galaxy S26 and S26 Plus for global customers is still a high-performing chip that’ll handle daily and demanding workloads just fine. It’s undoubtedly a step up from the Exynos 2400 a couple of years back and puts the likes of Google’s Tensor G5 to shame. There are some positive steps for Exynos here, but it’s probably going to take another couple of generations ​to replace Snapdragon completely.
 Don’t want to miss the best from Android Authority?
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
90,2026-04-03,"Watch CBS News
Copyright ©2026 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved."
91,2026-04-03,"CryptoQuant data shows there are 8.2 million Bitcoin currently at a loss, which is still under the amount of Bitcoin at a loss during the 2022 bear market.
 Cointelegraph in your social feed 
The amount of Bitcoin supply in profit and loss is now getting closer to levels typical of a bear market, according to a CryptoQuant analyst.
There are currently about 11.2 million Bitcoin (BTC) in profit. The previous bear market recorded 9 million BTC in profit at its lowest point, CryptoQuant analyst ""Darkfost"" said Thursday. 
CryptoQuant data also shows there are about 8.2 million Bitcoin at a loss, with Glassnode data confirming it’s at levels not seen since late 2022. 
“This is quite significant, considering that during the last bear market this figure reached about 10.6 million BTC,” Darkfost said. 
Analysts have been debating whether Bitcoin has further to fall this year amid growing global turmoil. Bitcoin metrics that show a movement toward previous cycle lows could suggest that a market bottom is getting closer. 
“This suggests that the market is reaching a notable level of undervaluation, comparable to the conditions observed during the previous bear market,” the analyst added. 
However, Andri Fauzan Adziima, research lead at the Bitrue exchange, argued the data signals “increasing market stress, not immediate undervaluation.”
True capitulation bottoms saw deeper pain, he told Cointelegraph. The supply in loss in 2022 was greater than 50% and the supply in profit was around 45% or lower, while metrics such as net unrealized profit/loss (NUPL) and market value to realized value ratio (MVRV) were at “extremes.”
Related: Bitcoin’s drawdown is ‘less dramatic’ this cycle, Fidelity says
Data also shows Bitcoin has declined by about 52% from its all-time high this cycle, much less than previous bear markets, which saw 77% to 84% drawdowns from their cycle highs. 
Bitcoin author Timothy Peterson commented on X that Bitcoin “tends to struggle when the dollar is strong, and the Chinese yuan is weak.”
He added that this was due to tighter global liquidity, with higher dollar yields attracting capital into cash and bonds and cautious investor sentiment as China eases policy.
That only changes when US interest rates fall and “dollar yield loses its attractiveness,” which is not likely until the second half of 2026 or more likely 2027, he said. 
The US dollar index (DXY) has gained about 5% over the past two months, according to TradingView. 
Magazine: Your guide to surviving this mini-crypto winter
FOLLOW US
© Cointelegraph 2013 -  2026
COINTELEGRAPH NEWSLETTER
MOBILE APPS
Cointelegraph covers fintech, blockchain and Bitcoin bringing you the latest crypto news and analyses on the future of money.
Cointelegraph is committed to providing independent, high-quality journalism across the crypto, blockchain, AI, and fintech industries. To support open access to our website and sustain editorial operations, certain commercial or partner references may appear on our site. These arrangements help maintain an accessible platform and do not result in additional costs to readers.
All news, reviews, and analysis are produced with full journalistic independence and integrity. For more details on our standards and processes, please read our Editorial Policy.
"
92,2026-04-03,"
                
                    
                        Let Retail Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            

The U.S. secondhand market last year grew nearly four times faster than the broader retail clothing market, according to ThredUp’s latest report.
The secondhand market is accelerating in the U.S. and globally. 
“Resale is no longer just growing, it’s taking direct market share,”James Reinhart, ThredUp co-founder and CEO, said in a statement. 
Younger generations are participating heavily in the secondhand economy. Gen Z and millennials are expected to foster more than 70% of the market growth for the resale economy through 2030, with new shoppers making up the majority of the spend, according to the report. 
Consumers aren’t limiting their search for secondhand goods to online marketplaces. ThredUp’s report found that nearly half (46%) of shoppers are finding resale products via their social media feeds, content creators and in-person browsing. 
Along with shopping for used items on social media, some consumers have turned to AI tools to find secondhand goods. ThredUp’s report found that 48% of shoppers said they use AI shopping tools during their secondhand shopping journey. Nearly two-thirds (63%) said they are comfortable with agentic buying, the report noted. 
“The global secondhand market is entering a more competitive, structurally complex phase,” Neil Saunders, GlobalData’s managing director and retail analyst, said in a press release. “With Gen Z and Millennials driving the vast majority of this value, the infrastructure for discovery must evolve into the social feeds where these consumers live.”
Meanwhile, other research suggests that consumers are accelerating their secondhand goods spending. During the 2025 holiday season, shoppers planned to devote about 40% of their holiday shopping budgets to used items as gifts, according to a previous survey by GlobalData and ThredUp. 
A December report from Wells Fargo showed an 8.5% jump year over year in sales among “miscellaneous store retailers,” which in part is thought to be driven by the sales of secondhand goods. 
“We suspect at least some of the increased traffic in this category is attributable to households seeking to blunt the impact of tariffs by buying used merchandise,” Wells Fargo economists said in the research note. “Big retailers like Patagonia and even luxury brands have launched resale programs.”
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
As the retailer’s deal to acquire the former Kirkland’s nears closing, here’s a review of the events that brought us to this point.
The retail model is in retreat. But that doesn’t mean it — or its billions in sales — will disappear any time soon.
Subscribe to Retail Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Sign up for the free  newsletter. 

                Interested? Explore more of what  has to offer.
            

            Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from
            [email protected]
            To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
            

Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
As the retailer’s deal to acquire the former Kirkland’s nears closing, here’s a review of the events that brought us to this point.
The retail model is in retreat. But that doesn’t mean it — or its billions in sales — will disappear any time soon.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines"
93,2026-04-03,"Shooting through a creative slump is one of the harder parts of photography that nobody talks about honestly. Kodak Vision3 500T's tungsten-balanced sibling, Cinestill 800T, is one of the few film stocks that can pull you back in almost by itself.
Coming to you from Jason Kummerfeldt of grainydays, this candid video follows the him as he loads up a Leica M6 with Cinestill 800T, pairs it with a Light Lens Lab 35mm f/1.4, and heads out for a six-mile walk through the city at night, skipping the tripod entirely. The logic is straightforward: ISO 800, f/1.4, handheld. Either it works or it doesn't. Cinestill 800T is a tungsten-balanced stock, which means artificial city lighting renders with deep, saturated teals and a look that's hard to fake in post. At night, that combination does a lot of the heavy lifting.
What makes this video worth watching isn't just the gear or the film. It's the honest accounting of what it actually feels like when your motivation to shoot disappears. He talks about building up a shot in your head on location, convinced you walked away with something strong, only to get the scans back and feel nothing. That cycle of expectation and disappointment is something most people don't talk about openly. He also gets into a larger question that's harder to shake: when the people you show your work to don't respond to the photos you love most, do you trust your own eye or start second-guessing everything? He references the idea of ""killing your darlings"" from film editing, the discipline of not getting so attached to something that you can't cut it when it needs to go. Applied to photography, that's a genuinely uncomfortable place to sit.
The walk itself produces a mixed bag of results, which he's upfront about. Some shots he likes. Some he doesn't. One he was convinced was a strong frame turned out flat. There's a sushi spot he'd been meaning to shoot for a long time, a dark and futuristic scene he stumbled into without fully understanding how he got it, and a recurring subject he's photographed roughly a hundred times and still can't crack. The video doesn't wrap up with a tidy resolution or a set of actionable tips. It's more of a document of someone working through a rough patch in real time, using a night walk and a roll of film as the mechanism. Whether that approach actually works, and what he takes away from it, is something the video addresses directly toward the end. Check out the video above for the full rundown from Kummerfeldt.
Alex Cooke is a Cleveland-based photographer and meteorologist. He teaches music and enjoys time with horses and his rescue dogs."
94,2026-04-03,"Search
Follow us on social media
Follow us on social media

                        Last updated: April 3rd, 2026 at 09:07 UTC+02:00                    
SamMobile has affiliate and sponsored partnerships, we may earn a commission.
It has achieved this feat for seven consecutive years.
Reading time: 2 minutes
Abhijeet Mishra / SamMobile
Odyssey G6 G60H at CES 2026 - Source: Abhijeet Mishra / SamMobile
Most people know Samsung for its home appliances, smartphones, tablets, and TVs, but it is also the world’s leading gaming monitor brand. The company has held the top position in the global gaming monitor market for seven consecutive years, which is an incredibly impressive achievement.

According to the latest data from International Data Corporation (IDC), Samsung captured 18.9 percent of the global gaming monitor market by revenue, securing the number one position. It also ranked first in the global OLED gaming monitor segment, maintaining that lead for three consecutive years.

Samsung continues to introduce new display technologies each year. Earlier this year, the company unveiled new Odyssey series gaming monitors, including the Odyssey G6 (G60H) and the Odyssey OLED G6 (G61SH).

The Odyssey G6 (G60H) features a QHD resolution and an ultra-high 600Hz refresh rate, while the Odyssey OLED G6 (G61SH) offers a QHD resolution with a 240Hz refresh rate. Both monitors support AMD FreeSync Premium Pro and are Nvidia G-Sync Compatible, ensuring a smooth, tear-free gaming experience.

The company also recently announced support for up to 120 3D games before the end of this year on its Odyssey 3D gaming monitor. This model uses an LCD panel and offers a glasses-free 3D experience along with HDR10+ visuals.

Hun Lee, Executive Vice President of Samsung’s Visual Display (VD) division, said, “As the No. 1 gaming monitor brand, our goal is to continue leading the market with differentiated innovation. Strong partnerships with game studios guide our innovation, while a clear technology roadmap keeps us focused. By expanding our gaming library and broadening platform compatibility, we are delivering displays that perform when it matters most to gamers.”

Asif is a computer engineer turned technology journalist. He has been using Samsung phones since 2004, and his current smartphone is the Galaxy S23 Ultra. He loves headphones, mechanical keyboards, and PC hardware. When not writing about technology, he likes watching crime and science fiction movies and TV shows.
© 2026 SamMobile. All rights reserved."
95,2026-04-03,"Small independent refineries are helping China continue importing oil from Iran.
Save
Share
Iran’s paralysis of the Strait of Hormuz has continued to upend global oil and gas markets as the United States-Israeli war on the country enters its second month.
After US President Donald Trump pledged to continue aggressive strikes on Iran for another two to three weeks in a speech on Wednesday night, oil prices surged further.
Brent crude prices jumped about 5 percent to $106.16 per barrel on Thursday morning compared with Wednesday, when the price was $104.86 per barrel. Earlier this week, it surpassed $116.
Many countries have begun tapping into strategic oil reserves in a bid to ease the effects of an economic crisis.
But China appears to have largely insulated itself from the oil crisis, even though the country is heavily reliant on Iran for oil.
Here’s what we know.
Not entirely. China gets more than half of its oil from the Middle East, especially Iran. According to data from Kpler, China bought more than 80 percent of Iran’s shipped oil in 2025. China’s imports of Iranian crude were 1.4 million barrels of oil per day (mbd) in 2025, out of a total 10.4mbd seaborne crude imports.
When the US and Israel commenced strikes on Iran on February 28, and Tehran blocked the Strait of Hormuz through which about 20 percent of global oil and gas passes just hours later, Beijing was already prepared to cope with an energy crisis, as it had been preparing for years. In 2021, while visiting an oilfield in the country, Chinese President Xi Jinping stated that the country would take its energy supply matters “into its own hands”.
Since then, one of the key tactics the country has used to secure its oil supply is through “teapot refineries” – smaller, independent facilities which have capitalised on oil made cheap by international sanctions, stockpiling oil reserves and increasing imports from countries such as Iran, Russia and Venezuela. Indeed, until the US launched its strike on Caracas in January – capturing then-President Nicolas Maduro – and effectively seizing control of the Venezuelan oil industry, China was the largest buyer of oil from the country.
Muyu Xu, a senior crude oil analyst at Kpler, told Al Jazeera that China’s oil supply is not entirely immune to the ripple effects of the war in the Middle East, however.
“China’s seaborne crude imports in March stood at 10.19 million barrels per day (mbd), down from 11.51mbd in February, but still broadly in line with the 2025 average of 10.41mbd,” she said.
“However, most of the March arrivals were loaded before the war began in February. As Middle Eastern crude accounts for more than 50 percent of China’s total seaborne imports – and less than half of these barrels were able to reach the international market in March – China is expected to see a sharp decline in April arrivals.”
But Muyu noted that while China’s continued buying of Russian and Iranian crude has provided some buffer in this oil crisis, it will not be sufficient to offset the loss of non-Iranian supplies from the Middle East. “While our data shows that Iranian oil on water outside the Persian Gulf remains close to 165mb – equivalent to about four months of China’s Iranian imports – this does not mean China will rely on Iranian crude as a primary solution to ease the supply crunch,” she said.
While a large quantity of sanctioned Russian oil is being shipped to China on shadow fleets flying false flags, this is also likely to diminish as a result of the war after Trump relaxed US sanctions. Several Russian oil-laden tankers have already changed course on the open ocean to head for India instead.
Furthermore, teapot refiners cannot buy endless amounts of oil if prices rise substantially, Muyu said. “State-owned refiners remain concerned about compliance and operational risks, while teapot refiners are also holding back from new purchases due to high prices and thin margin.”
They are small, privately owned oil refineries primarily based in China’s Shandong province, which are used by Beijing to import discounted Iranian and Russian oil to circumvent sanctions imposed by the US and other countries. 
In a March 17 report for the Brussels-based economic think tank Bruegel, Alicia Garcia-Herrero, a senior fellow at Bruegel and chief economist for Asia Pacific at Natixis, wrote: “To avoid the reputational and financial risk from importing sanctioned [Iranian] oil, this oil was mainly bought by small, private ‘teapot’ refineries, rather than major Chinese state-owned oil companies.”
She noted that Iranian oil was also paid for in renminbi through China’s new Cross-border Interbank Payment System (CIPS).
These refineries are known as “teapots” because of their compact teapot-like shape. They account for one-quarter of China’s processing capacity – but they operate on very narrow margins, meaning they are very sensitive to fluctuations in the price of oil.
According to the Oxford Institute for Energy Studies, these refineries came to be known globally in July 2015, when Chinese crude buying surged.
“In normal times, they [the teapots] boost fuel supply and margins. During crises, they act as a flexible buffer for bargain barrels. However, when discounts dry up and prices surge, their thin profit margins get squeezed, forcing some to cut operations,” Garcia-Herrero told Al Jazeera on Thursday.
The US has previously imposed sanctions on some of these teapot refineries – such as the Hebei Xinhai Chemical Group refinery in the Shandong province in May last year – for importing Iranian oil.
“The United States remains resolved to intensify pressure on all elements of Iran’s oil supply chain to prevent the regime from generating revenue to further its destabilising agenda,” Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said in a statement at the time.
Alejandro Reyes, adjunct professor at the Department of Politics and Public Administration at the University of Hong Kong, told Al Jazeera that China did not so much create teapots to operate as “sanctions sponges”, but rather has tolerated an independent system that has proved strategically useful to it.
“These smaller independent refiners handle discounted and politically risky crude, while major SOEs [state-owned enterprises] remain more insulated. US sanctions actions in 2025 and 2026 show that Washington sees that strategy and structure clearly,” he said.
“The resilience is intentional at the system level, even if every single instrument within it was not originally built for this exact crisis. China’s energy architecture now gives it optionality, redundancy and some plausible deniability,” he added.
These teapot refineries have been keeping the Chinese economy stable with imported Iranian and Russian oil, while big Chinese oil firms like Sinopec push for permission to draw on the country’s strategic oil reserves, rather than import Iranian oil themselves amid the war. However, teapots will not be able to make up the difference for long.
Most of their current oil stocks were bought before the war started.
“We built some inventories earlier, so the pressure is not that big for the near term,” a Shandong teapot executive told the Reuters news agency.
According to Oilchem, a consultancy firm which provides information on China’s commodity market, in the week ending March 5, Shandong teapot refineries were operating at 54.58 percent of capacity, up by 2.89 percentage points compared with the week before. As the war continues to rage, experts say the teapots continue to feel the pressure.
Now, due to the war, Garcia-Herrero wrote in her March 17 report, “teapot refineries have lost access to low-cost crude and face high replacement prices in a market already strained by global tensions”.
Besides allowing private teapot refineries to import quantities of Russian and Iranian oil, Beijing has also resorted to stockpiling its own official oil reserves, rerouting supplies and relying more heavily on sanctioned Russian oil, in particular, to cushion the impact of the war.
On March 31, the US House Select Committee reported that despite Western sanctions on oil produced by countries like Russia, Iran and Venezuela, China has continued buying from these countries, and this has helped it stockpile oil reserves.
“From this sanctioned crude, China assembled a massive strategic petroleum reserve – roughly 1.2 billion barrels by early 2026, equal to approximately 109 days of seaborne import cover – at well below market cost from the very barrels Western sanctions were designed to strand,” the committee stated in its report.
The report added that shadow fleets – networks of older oil vessels which generally have no insurance – and sanctioned tankers transported about 10.3mbd last year, with about one-third going to China.
“Chinese companies are often using the notorious shadow fleet: ageing, frequently uninsured tankers that switch flags, go dark on tracking, or perform ship-to-ship transfers to dodge sanctions and price caps. This dark fleet lets Beijing secure cheap energy while giving sanctioned producers like Russia and Iran a vital revenue stream,” Garcia-Herrero said.
“It [China] remains a major buyer of Russian oil, with volumes spiking as Middle East tensions rose in early 2026,” she added.
According to Chinese customs data, in the first two months of 2026, Russia’s shipments of crude oil to China rose by 40.9 percent.
Iran, whose territorial waters extend into the strait, has blocked the passage of the vast majority of vessels carrying oil and liquefied natural gas (LNG) from the Gulf to the rest of the world since the US and Israel launched the war on February 28.
The move sent the price of Brent crude – the global benchmark – soaring well above $100 per barrel, a jump of roughly 40 percent from before the war. Many countries, particularly in Asia, have been forced to ration fuel and cut industrial production. On Thursday, Malaysia ordered civil servants to work from home in order to preserve fuel and guard against rising energy costs.
Affected countries in Asia, many of which rely heavily on supplies of oil and natural gas through the Strait of Hormuz, have been scrambling to make deals with Iran for safe passage through the only sea route Gulf producers can use to ship oil and gas.
On March 4, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Mao Ning told reporters: “Energy security is of great importance to the global economy … China will take necessary measures to ensure its energy security.”
In mid-March, Iran began allowing some Iranian vessels and a handful of ships from countries Iran deems friendly, such as Malaysia, China, Egypt, South Korea, India and Pakistan, to pass as well.
On March 31, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson told reporters that three Chinese ships had sailed through the strait.
China has also diversified oil imports by increasing the amount it imports by pipeline from Russia, Garcia-Herrera said.
Meanwhile, about 2,000 other ships wait at either end of the strait for permission from Iran to do the same.

 
“Beijing’s approach of aggressive stockpiling, tolerating shadow networks, and keeping flexible buffers shows it has long prepared for exactly these kinds of energy shocks,” Garcia-Herrero said. While these measures will not completely immunise the country from rising fuel prices, it does give Beijing more flexibility to survive a crisis compared with other nations.
“China is turning geopolitical turbulence into discounted oil and strategic depth, while the shadow fleet keeps the barrels flowing,” she said.
“It’s classic great-power energy chess.”









Follow Al Jazeera English:"
96,2026-04-03,"
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The DJI Avata 360 is DJI’s first 360-degree drone and one that allows for different controller types to capture up to 8K video and 120MP photos.
Multiple controller options
Robust cinewhoop design
Decent image quality
DJI Studio, for editing, is quirky
360-degree drones are a niche
Image quality lower than camera drones

Why you can trust Space.com




Our expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. Find out more about how we test and review products.

Camera: Two 64MP, 1/1.1-inch CMOS sensors
Video resolution: Up to 8K
Frame rates: 8K 60FPS / 6K up to 60FPS
Battery: 2,700 mAh, up to 23 minutes' flight
Charger type: USB-C cable/battery charging hub
Modes: Cine, Normal, Sport
Video transmission range: FCC 12.4 miles / CE, SRRC, MIC 6.2 miles
Dimensions: 9.69 x 7.83 x 2.19 in (246 x 199 x 55.5 mm)
Weight: 16.05 oz (455 g)
360-degree drones are a relatively new product category, and although DJI was pipped to the post by the Antigravity A1, the market leader has come back swinging with the launch of the DJI Avata 360. This is a drone that looks remarkably like the DJI Neo 2, but it’s a lot bigger and heavier, and its propeller guards enclose the propellers less.
With dual controller options available, including FPV, this could be one of both the best camera drones and the best FPV drones available. The ability to pair the Avata 360 with DJI FPV accessories means that you can capture even more immersive 360-degree video, where you’re flying through a building or weaving through and around trees in a forest. The DJI Avata 360 is currently waiting to be in stock at B+H, Amazon and other retailers.
 



It’s the ability to shoot first and reframe later that makes 360-degree drones an interesting and attractive option for pilots. What’s more, there’s a single lens shooting mode where you can take advantage of DJI’s impressive subject tracking.
The camera itself rotates at the front of the Avata 360 and features two 64MP 1/1.1-inch CMOS sensors with replaceable lenses. These can capture photos and video up to 8K 60FPS. Image quality is great for 360-degree capture, but it’s not as good as a standard camera drone — as is the case, to be fair, with most 360-degree cameras and drones.
As previously mentioned, the Avata 360 looks a lot like the DJI Neo 2, except for the size and the fact that its propeller guards don’t fully enclose the propellers. It’s this cinewhoop FPV design that makes it ideal for flying through complex environments when using the DJI Motion Controller 3 and DJI Goggles N3 for FPV flight. It can also be flown like a camera drone when paired with a standard controller.
At 9.69 x 7.83 x 2.19 inches (246 x 199 x 55.5 mm), the Avata 360 is quite large for a drone with a cinewhoop-style design, and weighs in at 16.05 oz (455 g), putting it well above the 250 g threshold, so it's more restricted than smaller, lighter drones. Build quality is fantastic, as you’d expect for a DJI drone, while the set-up and operation of the drone are incredibly easy.
The camera sits at the front of the drone and cleverly rotates when the drone lands and takes off, keeping the lenses off the ground to avoid damage. The lens guards can be replaced if they do get damaged.
Breaking space news, the latest updates on rocket launches, skywatching events and more!
This is such a simple yet clever feature, and an improvement on the Antigravity A1’s mechanical legs that extend to keep the bottom camera off the ground. Image stabilization is software-based rather than relying on a mechanical gimbal.
The Avata 360 is compatible with multiple controllers, including the RC 2, RC-N2 and RC-N3. This means that if you already own a compatible controller, you could use that instead of buying a kit that includes either the DJI RC 2 smart controller or the DJI Motion Controller 3 and DJI Goggles N3.
Both of these were provided with the review kit, so it was possible to test the Avata 360 as both a camera drone and an FPV drone. The latter was both a lot of fun and provided the ability to capture more dynamic and immersive video footage. DJI's Motion controllers are incredibly intuitive and make FPV flight accessible to everyone.
The Avata 360 flies well using either standard controls or FPV goggles and a motion controller. Using a standard controller is much simpler and doesn’t require a spotter to keep an eye on the drone during flights, but pairing it up with FPV accessories is about as simple as it gets — compared to traditional FPV drones, anyway.
The drone features collision avoidance, which can be switched off but provides confidence when flying in complex environments. During testing, this was switched off when flying FPV in a forest to ensure smoother flight, although this naturally carries more risk.
Alongside collision avoidance, there’s also ActiveTrack, which has multiple modes that are selected automatically. Standard mode maintains a steady distance and altitude relative to the subject, while Cycling mode provides greater speed and faster turns to keep the subject in frame. Then there’s Intelligent Tracking, where you can lock onto and track subjects in the DJI Fly and DJI Studio apps.
The main difference between 360-degree drones and traditional camera drones is that you have to edit and reframe photos and videos before sharing them. You take the 360-degree image and essentially flatten it to a single, traditional view. Where things get interesting is that you can add camera movements using keyframes and make the drone appear to flip and roll.
DJI Studio is fairly easy to use, but it is also clunky, and there is a small learning curve. In all honesty, you will spend much more time using the DJI Fly and DJI Studio apps to reframe photos and videos than you’ll spend flying the drone; this is the main downside to using any 360-degree camera or drone, compared to standard cameras and drones.
Photos and videos can be saved to a microSD card or to the drone’s 42GB of internal storage. The internal storage is certainly useful because 8K 360-degree video requires a lot of storage, and this internal storage can supplement your microSD when necessary. However, with this in mind, somewhere in the region of 100GB of internal storage would have been preferable.
 



The Avata 360 creates its 360-degree image using two 64MP 1/1.1-inch CMOS sensors with ultra-wide-angle lenses. These have an f/1.9 aperture with focus from 1.5m to infinity.
You can set exposure manually, but leaving the camera set to Auto works extremely well when capturing 120MP photos and videos up to 8K at 60FPS. Shooting in Auto isn’t usually a good idea when capturing video, but with 360-degree drones, where you’re essentially capturing everything, it makes life so much easier. What’s more, you can’t use ND filters to control shutter speed anyway.
Image quality is what you’d expect from a 360-degree camera or drone, so no surprises here. It’s not as good as a standard camera drone, although the Avata 360 does have a single lens mode where you can capture 4K 60FPS video that doesn’t need to be reframed — just like a standard camera drone.
Once your 360-degree footage and photos have been transferred wirelessly from the drone, they need to be edited and reframed, either in DJI Studio on a computer or in the DJI Fly app. This is the main downside to 360-degree capture, but also its greatest advantage: Being able to add movement to videos, changing camera angle and adding effects while reframing photos, is both useful and creative.
Please note: Footage to come soon. It was shot in 8K, but our video player only plays in HD.
Video can be captured at up to 8K 60FPS in either the Normal color profile for straight out of camera footage, after reframing, or in the 10-bit D-Log M flat color profile. This color profile requires color grading and provides much greater image quality and flexibility within an advanced and/or professional workflow.
The DJI Avata 360 comes in at a highly aggressive price point when compared to the competition. So, while DJI may not be the first drone manufacturer to produce a 360-degree drone, consumers in all regions — except the United States, where there’s currently a DJI ban — can now choose between two models, and the Avata 360 is less expensive than the competition and has different controller options.
Drone-only, the Avata 360 costs £409 / €459 / AU$799, while the option with the DJI RC 2 smart controller costs £639 / €719 / AU$1159. There are also two Fly More Combos that include a couple of additional batteries, a carry bag, a battery charging hub and other accessories. The DJI Avata 360 Fly More Combo (DJI RC 2) and the DJI Avata 360 Motion Fly More Combo both cost £829 / €939 / AU$1619. The latter includes the DJI Motion Controller 3 and DJI Goggles N3.
As 360-degree drones go, the DJI Avata 2 is incredibly well-priced compared to the Antigravity A1 and is so much more agile, thanks to its FPV credentials. Image quality is similar in many respects, but the ability to shoot in the flat D-Log M profile does give the Avata 360 the edge here.
The ability to fly the Avata 2 either as a standard camera drone with a smart controller, or as an FPV drone with the Motion Combo, is also fantastic. Having the ability to choose one controller option, or even both, will undoubtedly make it attractive. The only downside to flying a drone when wearing FPV goggles is that you must have a spotter/observer with you when flying outdoors.
The Antigravity A1 follows a camera drone design but is controlled using a motion controller and FPV goggles. It has a great FPV flight mode for capturing smooth, sweeping videos, and the automated flight modes are also impressive.
The DJI Neo 2 is an inexpensive selfie drone with impressive autonomous flight modes and subject tracking. Like the Avata 360, it can also be flown as a camera drone and an FPV drone when paired with the right DJI accessories.
If you’re looking for a fully fledged FPV drone, but one that can be incredibly easy to fly, the DJI Avata 2 is a great choice. Unlike traditional FPV drones, this one can hover and be paired with DJI’s Motion Controller 3.
James is an award-winning freelance landscape and portrait photographer, as well as a highly experienced photography journalist working with some of the best photography magazines and websites with a worldwide audience. He’s also the author of The Digital Darkroom: The Definitive Guide to Photo Editing. www.jamesaphoto.co.uk
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Space is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
97,2026-04-03,
