,date,content
0,2026-05-29,"
Nickname:



Password:



Nickname:



Password:



The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them.  We are not responsible for them in any way.

One big winner in the Dell pop is President Donald Trump, who became a shareholder in the first quarter, according to filings with the U.S. Office of Government Ethics. At a White House event earlier this month, Trump said, “Go out and buy a Dell.”
One big winner in the Dell pop is President Donald Trump, who became a shareholder in the first quarter, according to filings with the U.S. Office of Government Ethics. At a White House event earlier this month, Trump said, “Go out and buy a Dell.”
One big winner in the Dell pop is President Donald Trump, who became a shareholder in the first quarter, according to filings with the U.S. Office of Government Ethics. At a White House event earlier this month, Trump said, “Go out and buy a Dell.”
This also couldn't have hurt... Dell wins a $9.7 billion Pentagon software deal after donating to Trump accounts [cnbc.com]

Possibly less dubious than this, though: The White House Intervened to Get a $620 Million Deal for a Company Tied to Donald Trump Jr. [propublica.org] - company is Vulcan Elements.

Or... just Google trump sons government contracts [google.com]
One big winner in the Dell pop is President Donald Trump, who became a shareholder in the first quarter, according to filings with the U.S. Office of Government Ethics. At a White House event earlier this month, Trump said, “Go out and buy a Dell.”

This also couldn't have hurt... Dell wins a $9.7 billion Pentagon software deal after donating to Trump accounts [cnbc.com]


Possibly less dubious than this, though: The White House Intervened to Get a $620 Million Deal for a Company Tied to Donald Trump Jr. [propublica.org] - company is Vulcan Elements.


Or... just Google trump sons government contracts [google.com]
Dear lord, why would Hillary's emails allow this all to happen?
Hillary beat herself. She assumed she was going to carry some of the Midwest Northern states, didn't campaign there at all and it cost her in the end. The deplorables comment certainly didn't help either. The email server was just another stick on the proverbial camel's back. I mean, really, why didn't she just have a government email address to handle everything. You know, like every one else in government.
Obviously we've reached new lows since then, what with Trump's team using Signal (seriously, dumb fuc 
""You know, like every one else in government.""
Not everyone else in government was Secretary of State, where lots of classified got routed into her ""server in a closet.""  Of course that is ""insecure"" and an actual violation of the espionage act, and no, you don't have to break those laws intentionally, its more like negligent homicide when you don't take proper care when wielding a weapon or driving a car without due regard for safety.  You don't have to intend to violate the espionage act, you can do it jus 
Dear lord, why would Hillary's emails allow this all to happen?
Maybe they were on Hunter's laptop? :-)

On a related theme, imagine Biden or Obama doing just 10%, or any one, of the sketchy and/or self-serving things Trump has done / is doing and imagine how apoplectic Republicans, and Trump himself, would be.
Dear lord, why would Hillary's emails allow this all to happen?

Maybe they were on Hunter's laptop? :-)


On a related theme, imagine Biden or Obama doing just 10%, or any one, of the sketchy and/or self-serving things Trump has done / is doing and imagine how apoplectic Republicans, and Trump himself, would be.
Dell's stock rockets 32% because they're selling more AI-related servers than ever before. However, the only reason they are selling more AI-related servers than ever before is because of Nvidia, yet Nvidia's stock has barely inched upward in months.  These two situations cannot both be correct
If Dell is selling servers out the wazoo because of Nvidia and its stock soars, then Nvidia must also be sellling GPUs out the wazoo and its stock shoulld likewise soar.  Saying we're at peak AI which is why Nvidia ca 
Exactly. This nicely shows the sheer irrationality of things. We can only hope that the upcoming crash will completely destroy the reputation of all these idiots and we get some sanity back in business decisions.
The AI Bros will point to this as evidence artificial intelligence is the real deal and there's money to be made by utilizing it. But Dell is profiting off selling hardware, like Nvidia. Why go on a wild goose chase for supposed riches when you can make money hand over fist selling shovels to rubes in suits.
Indeed. Meanwhile the indications that LLM-Type AI is not actually a game-changer are raising.
... is a reliable indicator for insanity at work. People have lost all sense when they hear ""AI"". Not good.
There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead.
Wix Is the Latest To Cut 20% of Jobs While Citing AI
I'm all for computer dating, but I wouldn't want one to marry my sister."
1,2026-05-29,"Nicola Sturgeon has said she wishes she had not kept Peter Murrell on as SNP chief executive when she became party leader in 2014.
The former first minister described her now estranged husband as a ""key figure"" in the party's success under her late predecessor Alex Salmond.
Sturgeon also said she did not think it was fair that Murrell - who embezzled more than £400,000 from the SNP over a 12-year period - should lose his job when she was promoted.
But she told the audience at a book festival in Wales: ""Definitely, with the benefit of hindsight, that was a decision I wish I had taken differently."" 
On Monday Murrell admitted using party funds to purchase items including luxury goods, jewellery, cosmetics, two cars and a motorhome.
He was remanded in custody following the plea and could face a lengthy prison term when he is sentenced on 23 June.
An examination of facts surrounding the case is due to be heard on 2 June.
Sturgeon appeared at the Hay Festival in Hay-on-Wye, in Powys, in conversation with journalist Francine Stock to promote her 2025 memoir, Frankly.
She told the audience that Salmond, who later expressed reservations about the couple's professional roles, had appointed Murrell in 2000.
And the ex-MSP said her estranged husband's offending, which started in 2010, pre-dated her election as party leader.
Sturgeon said: ""My judgement was that the chief executive was not line-manged by the party leader. There is a national executive committee.
""My judgement was that it was not fair for him to lose his job, that he had done well, because I was taking on a new job.
""If I could turn back the clock, of course, I would take a different decision.""
The former first minister said she took responsibility for keeping Murrell in his post but added: ""I still don't think that makes me responsible for somebody committing a crime.""
Sturgeon also denied supressing questions about the SNP's accounts during her time as first minister.
She said there was no suggestion of Murrell having embezzled SNP funds until 2023.
The SNP books had been audited by professional accountants, Sturgeon said, and it was ""unfair"" that there had been claims that money raised for a second independence referendum campaign had been used for election campaigning.
On Thursday, Sturgeon appeared at a writers' event in Listowel, County Kerry to promote her book.
She told the audience it had been the worst week of her life, adding she had dealt with the fallout from Murrell's plea in the public gaze.
Sturgeon said: ""Just as other people have been, I have been deceived.
""I have been misled, I have been lied to and I have been betrayed, and I won't be the last woman who has been betrayed by her husband.""
She added that she would ""probably need to sit with a therapist"", saying that ""this is a long-winded way of saying I am not OK"".
Sturgeon previously described the day she was arrested as part of Operation Branchform - the name of the Police Scotland investigation into SNP finances - as the worst day of her life.
Earlier on Thursday, First Minister John Swinney dismissed calls for a Holyrood inquiry into the case during FMQs on Thursday, but said he was ""appalled"" by Murrell's conduct.
He said he did not believe an inquiry was needed following a five-year ""forensic"" police investigation.
Operation Branchform began in 2021, investigating allegations of fundraising fraud within the SNP.
During questioning, Sturgeon repeatedly answered ""no comment"" to detectives.
Her lawyer, Aamer Anwar, said Sturgeon had later provided a ""detailed written response"" to Police Scotland questions.
Murrell spent more than 20 years as chief executive of the party before resigning in March 2023 due to controversy over details of membership numbers.
He was arrested less than three weeks later in connection with the Operation Branchform investigation into SNP funds.
Sturgeon became first minister and leader of the SNP in November 2014, succeeding Alex Salmond in the wake of the Scottish Independence Referendum.
Campbell Gunn, who acted as an adviser to both, claimed Salmond had warned Sturgeon that Murrell's position as chief executive was ""untenable"" while she was party leader.
Gunn told BBC Radio Scotland's Drivetime programme: ""Nicola chose to ignore that advice.
""And I have to say, in retrospect, a lot of the grief that has engulfed the party over the past six or seven years could have been avoided had that advice been taken.""
The former first minister said she was ""coming to terms with being married to someone she did not know"" after Peter Murrell's guilty plea.
Peter Murrell, the former SNP chief executive, has admitted embezzling more than £400,000 from the party.
The key moments in the investigation into the funding and finances of the Scottish National Party.
The former SNP leader's solicitor says her response was ""standard"" and she later provided written answers to detectives' questions.
Opposition MSPs have criticised the first minister and ex-SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon following Peter Murrell's guilty plea.
Copyright 2026 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 "
2,2026-05-29,"

      Holly J. Morris
    


                From left: Jeff Bezos, Roland Garros, Jill Biden.
                
                    
                    Marco Bertorello/AFP via Getty Images; Branger/Getty Images/Hulton Archive; Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

This week, the pope took a stand on artificial intelligence in an encyclical Google Gemini called ""historic and highly ambitious"" and an ""aggressive, uncompromising critique."" Thanks, Gemini! Enjoy the quiz, y'all.
 Loading... 
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
3,2026-05-29,"
Ground beef just hit a record $6.89 a pound, up 80% since 2019 — and nobody along the supply chain sees relief coming. Ranchers like Eric Gropper point to years of drought that have shrunk cattle herds to their lowest level in decades. Meanwhile, meatpackers have been hammered by labor shortages and plant closures. And restaurants have had no choice but to keep raising prices.
But how much of this is the market, and how much is manipulation? Since the late 1970s, just four companies — Tyson, JBS, Cargill, and National Beef — have come to control roughly 80% of the American beef market. The Justice Department is now investigating, and McDonald's and Target are among those suing over alleged price-fixing.
So how much has consolidation driven up prices? And would breaking up these companies actually lead to lower beef prices?

Ground beef just hit a record $6.89 a pound, up 80% since 2019 — and nobody along the supply chain sees relief coming. Ranchers like Eric Gropper point to years of drought that have shrunk cattle herds to their lowest level in decades. Meanwhile, meatpackers have been hammered by labor shortages and plant closures. And restaurants have had no choice but to keep raising prices.
But how much of this is the market, and how much is manipulation? Since the late 1970s, just four companies — Tyson, JBS, Cargill, and National Beef — have come to control roughly 80% of the American beef market. The Justice Department is now investigating, and McDonald's and Target are among those suing over alleged price-fixing.
So how much has consolidation driven up prices? And would breaking up these companies actually lead to lower beef prices?
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
4,2026-05-29,Research firm CEO David Trainer says SpaceX's $1.75 trillion IPO valuation is mathematically indefensible
5,2026-05-29,"If you’re of a certain vintage, you have probably looked at some of the microcomputers on the market these days and thought “that would have been a decent workstation back in the day!”. We certianly have, and so did [Roberto Alsina]. Rather than allow himself to contemplate his age and threfore rapidly approaching mortailty, [Roberto] wrote a useful operating system called ESP-Osito for the Cheap Yellow Display, which he refers to as “the cheapest computer”. He’s not wrong, and it’s certainly a better use of time than an existential crisis.
He explains some of his reasoning behind the project in an accompanying blog post, but on the project page he compares it to a Palm Pilot– it’s on quick, apps load quick, and the API is simple enough for easy app creation in a few hundred lines of C, unlike certain pocket computers we won’t name. Sure, there’s no multitasking, but when apps jump from SD card to run in memory in microseconds, who cares? Saving the current state of the app back to SD means the experience is virtually identical from a user perspective anyway.
As this is a one-man show for now, the app store won’t quite rival your smart phone– but there’s everything you’d expect on the 90s-era computer this has the horsepower of: a serial terminal, a text editor, a file explorer, a calculator, a clock, but also some things that aren’t so retro. The clock app gives weather info via futuristic wireless networking, the reader app takes Markdown text, and the chat app connects to an LLM somewhere instead of your friends on IRC. The blackberry keyboard option gives it a feel of a slightly different vintage. You can also play snake, because no computer is complete without games. The OS and all its applications are released under the MIT license on GitHub, and [Roberto] is actively looking for collaborators.
If you doubt the workstation comparison at the start of this article, this CYD runs Macintosh System 3 via a 68k emulator. That’s got old-school cred, but there’s something great about having retro constraints with modern code on modern hardware. In that way, ESP-Osito is similar to the 3D graphics engine behind this Wipeout clone.
i have three CYD and have been waiting for exactly this. thanks, Mormon Allah!
Please be kind and respectful to help make the comments section excellent. (Comment Policy)
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed."
6,2026-05-29,"Micron crossed $1 trillion in market value this week, a milestone that would have sounded absurd to most investors even a few years ago. The memory-chip business has long been one of the cruelest corners of tech: brutal booms followed by catastrophic busts.
I've covered this story before. Back in 2017, I wrote about Sun Microsystems co-founder Bill Joy arguing that the DRAM market had finally changed for good. His thesis was that fewer suppliers and rising demand from cloud computing and AI would reduce the industry's historic tendency to destroy itself through overproduction.
That argument turned out to be early, not wrong.
Micron shares have soared roughly twentyfold since then. Samsung crossed the $1 trillion market-cap threshold earlier this month, and SK Hynix joined the party on Tuesday. There are fundamentals behind these moves: Samsung made more than $30 billion in profit during the first quarter alone.
Now investors are asking the most dangerous question in finance: Is this time different?
Maybe.
The first big change is consolidation.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
In the early 1990s, there were more than 20 meaningful DRAM makers globally. Today, the industry is effectively controlled by three companies: Samsung, SK Hynix, and Micron.
For decades, memory makers responded to rising demand by flooding the market with new supply. Prices eventually collapsed and profits evaporated. Fewer competitors may mean fewer incentives to repeat that cycle.
The second change is AI demand itself.
Modern AI systems are ravenous consumers of memory because they constantly move and process huge amounts of data inside giant data centers. Even advanced techniques designed to reduce computing bottlenecks still run into memory constraints. Startup Lightmatter is using photonics — essentially light instead of copper — to speed up AI data centers, but CEO Nick Harris told me recently that this does nothing to eliminate the memory bottleneck.
So, rampant AI demand is colliding with constrained supply. UBS analysts noted this week that memory makers are signing multi-year agreements with cloud giants that lock in both volume commitments and partially fixed pricing. That should add another layer of stability. UBS estimates these deals could keep the DRAM market undersupplied into 2028.
Of course, this could still prove to be an unusually large up-cycle that eventually ends. The remaining players could flood the market again. New entrants could emerge. AI demand could cool, or a new technology might reduce the need for memory.
But investors clearly believe the old memory business may finally be becoming something new.
Sign up for BI's Tech Memo newsletter here. Reach out to me via email at abarr@businessinsider.com.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
7,2026-05-29,"This week, an AI training startup called Shift said it would clean New Yorkers' homes for free. It has plans to expand into other cities as well, including London, and looking around my flat, I get the appeal. But there's a catch. There's always a catch. In e…"
8,2026-05-29,Elon Musk's unchallenged power is too risky.
9,2026-05-29,"
			        May 29, 2026 6:30am by
			        Barry Ritholtz 
My end-of-week morning reads:
• One Million New-Car Buyers Are Gone and They’re Not Coming Back Soon: WSJ on the demand hole left by affordability — a million households permanently priced out of the new-car market. The structural part of the auto cycle that doesn’t show up in monthly SAAR. High gas prices, rising interest rates and stubborn inflation are keeping buyers at home and cars on the lots (Wall Street Journal)
• Henry Ford Upped Wages So Workers Became Consumers. The Rest Is History.: Barron’s on the actual economic logic behind Ford’s $5 day — turnover costs, not altruism — and how the story keeps getting retold in service of whatever today’s argument needs. Useful corrective. The decision helped create America as we know it today. (Barron’s) see also Why Costco pays $30/hr and Target doesn’t: A clean Substack post on the operating math behind Costco’s wage premium — turnover savings, throughput, member economics. Standard reading for anyone who keeps citing the model without understanding it. (Justin Kuiper)
• A Stock Certificate From 1941 Taught Me More About AI Than Anyone from OpenAI: A Substack riff using a 1941 stock cert as a way to think about durable franchises vs. narrative compression. Good Sunday reading for anyone trying to value the current cohort. (Apers Insights)
• The Midwestern Exodus Is Finally Ending: WSJ on Akron and the broader Rust Belt finally adding population again — remote work, housing arbitrage, returnees. The story underneath the next decade of regional politics. Longtime migration away from parts of Rust Belt starts to reverse; housing affordability is pull for metro areas like Akron, Ohio. (Wall Street Journal)
• The best analysts chew gum: A short Substack on the silly little focus rituals that actually move research productivity. Gum, walking, standing desks — the unsexy operational stuff that compounds. (OptimistiCallie)
• Is Peter Thiel the target of Pope Leo’s Gandalf quote? An investigation: Ars Technica doing exegesis on a single line in Magnifica Humanitas and asking whether the Vatican is now subtweeting tech-right billionaires. Probably yes. (Ars Technica)
• There’s a Simple Reason Why I’m Sure A.I. Won’t Achieve Consciousness: The individual pieces create a kind of illusion. (Slate)
• A $300-a-Month Gym Is Gen Z’s Social Club: Younger consumers in major cities are discovering more chances to find friends and romance in reformer classes, run clubs and spa-heavy gyms. (Bloomberg) see also Something Strange Is Happening at College Graduations Across the Country: Slate on the AI-titan commencement-speaker circuit getting booed off stages this season — and what the senior class’s mood signals about the labor market they’re walking into. (Slate)
• These Japanese Oyster Farmers Know How to Throw a Good Party, and Everyone Is Invited: There’s a phrase in Japanese, “waku waku,” that expresses a bubbling and happy excitement for something to come. At the train stations on the Itoshima Peninsula, this phrase seems to jump from the mouths of day trippers young and old. There’s a lot of anticipation for the day parties that they will join. It’s a short jog from the city of Fukuoka to visit the kakigoya. Buying directly from the farmers means that the oysters are fresh and the prices are low. A NYT travel piece on the Hiroshima oyster harvest festival. Genial, food-photo-heavy, exactly the palate cleanser this list needs. (New York Times)
• A sleep-time ‘sweet spot’ is linked to healthy aging, study finds: Turns out 6.4 to 7.8 hours of sleep a night might be ideal. Here are some tips on how to get the “just right” amount. WaPo on a new study putting the longevity sleep window at seven hours — not five, not nine. File under “things to actually do” rather than “things to read about doing.”(Washington Post)
Video of the day: How Pulp Fiction Was Filmed | Everything you didn’t know about Quentin Tarantino’s movie
Be sure to check out our special Masters in Business this week, Remembering Jonathan Clements with Bill Bernstein and Jason Zweig. The two recall Clements’ impact on the investor community; they discuss his posthumous book, “Money and Me.”

More ETFs Than Stocks

Source: Apollo
 
Sign up for our reads-only mailing list here.
 
This content, which contains security-related opinions and/or information, is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon in any manner as professional advice, or an endorsement of any practices, products or services. There can be no guarantees or assurances that the views expressed here will be applicable for any particular facts or circumstances, and should not be relied upon in any manner. You should consult your own advisers as to legal, business, tax, and other related matters concerning any investment.  The commentary in this “post” (including any related blog, podcasts, videos, and social media)  reflects the personal opinions, viewpoints, and analyses of the Ritholtz Wealth Management employees providing such comments, and should not be regarded the views of Ritholtz Wealth Management LLC. or its respective affiliates or as a description of advisory services provided by Ritholtz Wealth Management or performance returns of any Ritholtz Wealth Management Investments client.   References to any securities or digital assets, or performance data, are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute an investment recommendation or offer to provide investment advisory services. Charts and graphs provided within are for informational purposes solely and should not be relied upon when making any investment decision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The content speaks only as of the date indicated. Any projections, estimates, forecasts, targets, prospects, and/or opinions expressed in these materials are subject to change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by others.   The Compound Media, Inc., an affiliate of Ritholtz Wealth Management, receives payment from various entities for advertisements in affiliated podcasts, blogs and emails. Inclusion of such advertisements does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by the Content Creator or by Ritholtz Wealth Management or any of its employees. Investments in securities involve the risk of loss. For additional advertisement disclaimers see here: https://www.ritholtzwealth.com/advertising-disclaimers  Please see disclosures here: https://ritholtzwealth.com/blog-disclosures/
Previous Post

Read More 
Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry daily.




How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy
Learn More...



    © 2026    The Big Picture  
Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks.




Subscribe
"
10,2026-05-29,"Chipmaker becomes second South Korean company in history to hit milestone.
Save
Share
South Korea’s SK Hynix has entered the exclusive ranks of companies worth at least $1 trillion, propelled by explosive demand for semiconductors used in AI.
SK Hynix, the world’s second-largest memory chipmaker, hit the milestone this week as investors rushed to capitalise on record-shattering revenues generated by the AI boom.
The feat comes after SK Hynix’s two main rivals – US-based Micron and fellow South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics – hit the milestone this month on the back of the global shortage of DRAM and NAND memory chips.
SK Hynix’s share price has skyrocketed 240 percent since the start of the year, and more than 80 percent this month alone.
The surge mirrors a broader AI-driven rally in South Korea’s stock market, which has seen the benchmark KOSPI index double in value so far in 2026.
SK Hynix’s market capitalisation stood at 1.66 quadrillion won ($1.10 trillion) on Friday, after its shares finished nearly 2 percent higher.
The South Korean chipmaker’s operating profit surged fivefold year-on-year in the first three months of this year, topping 37.6 trillion won ($24.9bn).
Revenue came to 52.6 trillion won ($34.8bn), up threefold on a yearly basis.
Only 17 companies have reached a market valuation of at least $1 trillion, all but five of which are based in the United States.
Chinese state-owned PetroChina became the world’s first trillion-dollar company upon its listing on the Shanghai stock exchange in 2007 – a reign that would prove short-lived after the 2008 global crisis wiped out three-quarters of its market value.
Apple hit the milestone in August 2018, followed by Amazon the following month, Microsoft in April 2019 and Alphabet in January 2020.
Of the 14 companies currently worth at least $1 trillion, SK Hynix is one of just four that are not US-based, along with Samsung Electronics, Taiwan’s TSMC, and Saudi Arabia’s Saudi Aramco.









Follow Al Jazeera English:"
11,2026-05-29,"May 29 (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Vice Chair for Supervision Michelle Bowman said on Friday the Middle East war's impact on the economy, while still being..."
12,2026-05-29,"At this point, ""big games company makes its hardware more expensive out of nowhere and for no reason"" feels like as much of a certainty as the sun rising in the east. For some unquantifiable reason, though, it just feels different when Valve does it. 
Valve has long had a reputation as the most pro-consumer games company out there, and while that conveniently ignores the fact that they literally invented lootboxes and paid mods, they do tend to be less scummy than most. For one, they're privately owned, which means there's no pressure from investors to enshittify themselves, and for two, they're richer than God thanks to taking a cut of every single Steam transaction. This is probably why there hasn't been a new Portal in fourteen years, but on the other hand it means you can buy the last one for under a dollar in the constant Steam sales they run. 
Which is why it seems a little odd that they're joining the likes of Xbox, Nintendo and Sony in jacking up the price of their Steam Deck. The little handheld PC that could is excellent for playing your Steam games on the go, but it's not quite a thousand dollars excellent. Prices of both Steam Deck models currently for sale have jumped significantly, with a far less significant statement from Valve accompanying the change:
Steam Deck OLED is back in stock, with a price increase for both models due to rising memory and storage costs.
New prices (inclusive of VAT where applicable):
Steam Deck itself hasn't changed; these new prices reflect the current state of component costs and other global logistical challenges across the industry as a whole. We'll keep you updated if anything changes.
That's a jump of two hundred and three hundred dollars for the 512GB and 1TB models respectively, in case you were curious. Sony doesn't look so bad now, does it?
Naturally, this has raised concerns over the as-yet-unannounced price of the upcoming Steam Machine. If a handheld PC on several-year-old hardware now runs a thousand dollars, how much are Valve going to charge for a supposedly full-powered home machine?




		In bridge, a heart trick earns 30 points while a club trick earns 20, numbers that mean nothing outside of the game. That's the whole point, argues philosopher C. Thi…        READ THE REST





		The same horse-racing board game has been published and republished for decades under at least seven different names — Dubble Kross (1991), The Horse Race Game (2004), Wooden Horse Races…        READ THE REST





		It brings me absolutely no pleasure to report that my GOAT may be washed, but someone has to. Hideo Kojima is a towering figure in the entertainment industry, responsible for…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: SwiftScan VIP turns phones into portable document scanners with OCR, PDF editing, cloud uploads, multi-page scanning,…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: The BlockChance Bitcoin Ticket Miner is a pocket-sized standalone device that submits solo-mining lottery tickets to the…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: Nibble delivers bite-sized lessons, quizzes, games, audio, and AI-powered learning tools covering subjects like history, finance,…        READ THE REST

Read the rules you agree to by using this website in our Terms of Service.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program
                        designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Boing Boing uses cookies and analytics trackers, and is supported by advertising, merchandise sales
                        and affiliate links. Read about what we do with the data we gather in our Privacy Policy.
Who will be eaten first? Our forum rules are detailed in the Community Guidelines.
Boing Boing is published under a Creative Commons license except where otherwise noted.
Privacy Manager"
13,2026-05-29,Dell share soared nearly 40% on Thursday.
14,2026-05-29,"Federal stakes in public companies may enrich the government, but they are bad for America.
When it comes to the government’s relationship with business, Donald Trump is the most activist president since Franklin D. Roosevelt. He has wielded tariffs, the government’s purchasing power, and the threat of regulatory action to bend companies to his will. Over the past year, the president has even made the federal government a corporate shareholder across a range of industries. Just last week, the Commerce Department announced that it was taking stakes in a portfolio of quantum-computing companies in exchange for $2 billion in investment.
The federal government’s bold entrance into the world of corporate investing began last June, when Trump agreed to allow Japan’s Nippon Steel to buy U.S. Steel as long as the combined company granted the United States veto power over certain management decisions and ensured that key leadership roles went to American citizens. In the months since, the administration has taken sizable stakes in rare-earth firms and a new rocket company. Most dramatically, the administration insisted last year that the semiconductor giant Intel hand over nearly 10 percent of the company in exchange for $8.9 billion in grants that had already been earmarked in the CHIPS Act and other government awards but not yet paid. Trump now likes to brag that Intel’s stock has since surged by 300 percent.
This isn’t the first time that the federal government has taken equity in public companies. But in the past, it happened almost exclusively in times of crisis, as in the bailout of U.S. automakers and Wall Street banks in 2008, and the government promptly divested itself of the stock once the turmoil had passed. Trump, by contrast, is making government ownership commonplace, which means any company that accepts government funding now has to wonder if it’ll have to give up shares as a result. That kind of government investment in the fate of individual companies opens the door to a type of crony capitalism the United States has historically done a good job of avoiding.
David A. Graham: Trump’s right-wing socialism
The argument for Trump’s moves is easy to understand. If the federal government is going to subsidize the research and development of various companies, as it already does via loans and direct grants, then surely it should reap some of the benefits too—or “enhance the return for the U.S. taxpayer,” as the Commerce Department put it when announcing its investments in those quantum-computing companies. Trump isn’t alone in feeling this way. Some progressive Democrats, including Senator Elizabeth Warren, had already suggested that the government take a stake in companies awarded CHIPS Act grants. Senator Bernie Sanders, a democratic socialist, backed the administration’s plans to buy a stake in Intel, explaining, “If microchip companies make a profit from the generous grants they receive from the federal government, the taxpayers of America have a right to a reasonable return on that investment.”
But bipartisan support for these moves doesn’t make them right. Part of the problem is that the administration has not made it clear how these investments work, or even how they are being made. No law authorizes the Commerce Department or any executive-branch agency to take equity stakes in companies, which means there’s no legal protocol for how or when the government might sell those stakes, or where the proceeds from such a sale would end up. Nor has there been any transparency into how the government is picking these companies in the first place.
The administration can argue that it has targeted sectors connected to national security: steel, rare earth metals, defense contracting, semiconductors. But when Spirit Airlines recently tried to avoid liquidation, Trump talked openly about buying it, even though the airline’s fate is hardly a matter of national security. In practice, then, these decisions may be subject to Trump’s whims. Although all government spending is meant to be allocated by Congress, the president has made it plain that he believes the power of the purse is his.
But even a more rigorous and transparent process would not alleviate the fundamental problems of government ownership. A big federal stake in a company will invariably tilt the marketplace, which creates incentives for the state to tilt things further, perhaps via regulatory relief, exemptions from tariffs, or just plain presidential meddling. Apple, for instance, recently resumed using Intel chips in some of its products after Trump lobbied it to do so. Apple certainly could have done this regardless, as part of the company’s move to diversify its chip supply. But Trump’s willingness to use government power to help companies that support him and hurt those that oppose him means that for many companies it’s economically rational to simply accede to his wishes—even if the move would not be economically optimal in an actual free market.
Read: What happens if Trump seizes AI companies
Companies are coming to see these transactions as a cost of doing business. Trading away shares can be a way to gain favorable treatment, or at least avoid getting punished. Take the bidding war earlier this year between Netflix and Paramount for Warner Bros. Discovery, which Paramount won, contingent on regulatory approval. One can easily imagine Trump demanding a stake in the newly merged company in exchange for a blessing from the Federal Communications Commission. Paramount would be hard-pressed to say no.
When the government supports American companies with loans and grants, these companies can keep the administration at arm’s length. When the government takes a stake, the partnership becomes intimate and long-term. The upsides of this arrangement are greater, but so too are the costs. We want regulatory decisions and government policy to be shaped by what’s best for the economy, not by what’s best for the companies that the government happens to own. Federal stakes in public companies may be a good deal for the government, but they’re still bad for America.
TheAtlantic.com © 2026 The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply"
15,2026-05-29,"Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Take a good look at the finest garb for your foldable Motorola.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

We're a few weeks in from the Motorola Razr Fold unveiling and finally, a tiny portion of cases for the large foldable are starting to trickle into the market. While Motorola's own protective case for the Fold is missing in action, third parties have stepped up to give us the best Motorola Razr Fold cases.
As always, I will keep this list alive and up to date, bringing you the latest releases in the form of periodic updates. Keep checking back here to see if there are any new choices available. Now, lets dive into the best of what's readily available to purchase today!

Why you can trust Android Central




Our expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. Find out more about how we test.

 




Best overall
Thinborne is the king of the hill when it comes to slim cases. The Thinborne Super Thin Motorola Razr Fold Case is made of aerospace-grade 600D Aramid Fiber, is MagSafe, measures 0.04 in wide, and weighs merely 0.8 oz. The only drawback is the price.
 




Best clear
FNTCASE is a relatively new name in the smartphone case space, but the cases I have tested have felt solid and durable. The brand promises military-grade drop protection with its Motorola Razr Fold magnetic case, no doubt helped by the fortified hinge.
 




Best cheap
Cresee has a long history of crafting well-made phone cases on the cheap. The Cresee Magnetic Motorola Razr Fold Case has a hard back, soft TPU insides, a magnetic ring, and a soft matte, translucent finish. All that costs just $15 somehow!
 




Most unique color
The Hensinple Motorola Razr Fold Case is a rare option that comes in a color other than clear, blue, or black. The bright baby pink colorway is particularly striking. This case also boasts a magnetic ring, hinge protection, and military-grade drop-proofing.
 




Best hinge protection
This Translucent Matte Case from FNTCASE is just as robust as the clear option, but it comes in two see-through colors, blue and black, and has a thicker hinge. FNTCASE guarantees military-grade drop protection with this case as well.
The current collection of the best Motorola Razr Fold cases might feel scarce, but surely with time more and more versatile options will be released. Until then, there are a handful of fantastic offerings for you to clothe your mighty Razr Fold in.
Thinborne always strikes a home run with its impossibly thin phone cases. It's hard to believe that the Texan brand has done it again, and that too with a foldable phone. The Thinborne Super Thin Motorola Razr Fold Case might cost an arm and a leg, but it is constructed with superior materials of the highest caliber. This magnetic case made of aerospace-grade 600D Aramid Fiber, and as expected, it measures just 0.04  inches thin. This also means that it's a very lightweight case, adding only 0.8 oz to the weight of the Razr Fold.
If you cannot spend roughly $90 on the Thinborne case, FNTCASE is a decent brand with affordable options. You can opt for the Clear Case if you want to view your Razr Fold in its birthday suit. Alternatively, you can also opt for the Translucent Matte Case to add more pizzazz. The choice is yours.
Get the latest news from Android Central, your trusted companion in the world of Android
Namerah enjoys geeking out over accessories, gadgets, and all sorts of smart tech. She spends her time guzzling coffee, writing, casual gaming, and cuddling with her furry best friends. Find her on Twitter @NamerahS.

Android Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
16,2026-05-29,"
Handheld gaming has grown into a serious market, but no single device has managed to satisfy every trade-off at once. The Nintendo Switch sacrifices power for portability, the Steam Deck adds weight and Linux friction, and the ROG Ally costs too much while battery anxiety lingers. Every existing option addresses one frustration and sidesteps another, leaving a gap that’s wide enough for something genuinely different.
That gap is what Pippin V2 sets out to fill. The concept takes its name from one of Apple’s biggest failures: the Bandai Pippin, a gaming console launched in 1996 that folded within a year because of poor market research, no clear audience, and a $599 price tag most wouldn’t pay. This project poses one straightforward question: What would it look like if someone finally got it right?
Designer: Aditya Rajiv







The design breaks into three separable parts. Section A is the display, a panel just 7.5 mm thin that detaches from the controller and works on its own. Section B is the controller and processing brain, housing an Apple M4 chip and the full input layout at 100 by 170 mm. Connect it wirelessly to any screen you already own, and the built-in display isn’t the only option anymore.








The third piece is the battery grip. Most portable gaming devices pit battery life and ergonomics against each other: longer sessions demand bigger batteries, and bigger batteries add bulk and strain. The grip attachment resolves both at once, adding play time while its ergonomic contour eases hand fatigue during extended sessions. Attach it for a long night of gaming; leave it off when you don’t need the extra weight.


The M4 chip is what makes AAA game support credible in this form factor. Apple’s silicon handles workloads that typically require desktop-class cooling and dedicated GPU memory, without the thermal runaway that plagues other handheld competitors. For someone who plays Cyberpunk 2077 or God of War on a home console but wants to continue on a commute, the power ceiling doesn’t require compromising on which games you can actually run.


Cross-device continuity is the other argument for an Apple-branded handheld over another gaming PC alternative. Survey research conducted for this project found that nearly 75% of users were open to handheld gaming, and the biggest complaint about mobile gaming was the lack of physical controls. A device that’s already inside the existing iPhone and Mac ecosystem removes the friction of starting from scratch on a new platform.


The materials reflect the dual identity between Apple’s refined aesthetic and the tactile demands of gaming hardware. The controller body uses anodised aluminium and ABS plastic, with rubber-overmoulded sections for grip and soft TPU for the control surfaces. There are four color options: Metallic Black, Metallic Red, Grape, and Bondi Blue, each carrying translucent and satin finishes that the iMac G3 would’ve recognized.


Pippin V2 is still a concept, with no indication Apple will actually build anything like it. The gap it addresses is real, though, and the research behind it points to an audience that’s already there. Apple’s biggest untapped strength in gaming has always been its ecosystem, and this concept makes the argument that the same infrastructure powering your iPhone and Mac could power something worth playing seriously.


Orbitkey’s design story has always revolved around everyday friction, the loose keys in a pocket, the tangled cable in a bag, the small desktop essentials…
Bench vises have long been built around one assumption: the work stays put, and the maker adapts. AxiGlide inverts that. With full 360-degree rotation paired…
At Yanko Design, we believe in constantly innovating, creating, and evolving. It’s a philosophy that serves as a lifeline for us, and one of the…
You’ve got Foosball, you’ve got Mini Golf, but have you ever heard of mini billiards? This tiny (yet somewhat playable) LEGO billiards set from the…
At Gamescom 2025, in Cologne, Asus has gone ROG. The Taiwanese multinational’s Republic of Gamers has announced two new-age OLED monitors that are definitely going…
It seems that we’re seeing a rather curious design trend in the gaming market. Once filled with plastic-encrusted designs, there are a few coming out…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
17,2026-05-29,"Android 17 is almost here. The stable, released version of this year's Android operating system is expected to arrive in June or July, with Google Pixel phones, as always, being the first to benefit from Google's latest software.

                By creating an account, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
                You also agree to receive our newsletters; you can unsubscribe any time.
            
Forgot your password?


*Required: 8 chars, 1 capital letter, 1 number



                By creating an account, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
                You also agree to receive our newsletters; you can unsubscribe any time.
            

But I wasn't surprised, nor was I disappointed. This is becoming a common occurrence, and it's made me wonder whether Google should abandon annual updates altogether.
Google asked nicely, now it is less polite
If you haven't already seen, one of this year's big new Android features is ""    App Bubbles.""    
These are akin to Facebook Messenger's Chat Heads. You know, those bubbles that hang around on your screen and pop out a chat window when you tap them.
App Bubbles are essentially the same concept, only they contain an entire app, instead of a single chat thread.
The way it works is simple.
All the apps you've opened as App Bubbles sit as floating icons on your screen. The app you used most recently sits at the top of the pile, and a single tap will open it into a separate window.
The other apps you have open arrange their icons at the top of the App Bubble window, and you can swap between them by tapping each icon.
It's a simple idea, and I can see how useful it is. This will be a great setup for multitasking, for instance. You can copy-paste from one app to another by tapping a pair of bubbles to jump between apps.
But really, is this it? Google's big non-AI innovation for 2026 is this? ""Yo dawg, I heard you like windows, so I put a window in your window.""
I won't beat around the bush. I hate the idea of App Bubbles.
It's just such an unexciting feature. Oh boy, I can swap between apps faster? I could already do that by swiping on the bar at the bottom of my screen.
Sure, multitasking is easier, but the smartphone is still the worst possible device for multitasking, thanks to its relatively small screen. And App Bubbles makes that worse because it doesn't use the whole screen.
I don't like the concept of bubbles.
We first saw this sort of feature with Messenger's Chat Heads, which let you jump back into chats quickly without navigating away from whatever you had open.
It was a neat idea at first, but I quickly got very annoyed with having to move the bubble out of the way of whatever I was looking at.
Trying to watch a full-screen video with a bubble of a friend's face watching me was infuriating, and it wasn't long before I turned off the setting entirely.
Maybe I need prettier friends, but I can't see this being any better when it's an app icon instead of a face. It's still going to be in the way.
I can live and let live and not use it, but does this not strike anyone else as being quite creatively bereft?
We've had Chat Heads since 2013, and you expect me to believe that Google's only just realized that this could be used for apps? It took them 13 years to connect those dots?
I'm not buying it. This feature was either continuously pushed back because it's not all that impactful, or it's the result of some serious barrel-scraping.
In my opinion, App Bubbles only exists because Google needs to justify the next ""big"" update. Because while it's dedicated to providing annual updates, it's clearly running out of ideas.
We've accepted that yearly updates are normal in the smartphone space.
We get a new entry in each smartphone range, and major operating system updates, too. They keep the mill churning, keep putting out new features, new upgrades, new reasons to buy, more reasons for stock prices to go up. What do we get? New stuff. It seems like a good bargain.
Except it isn't working. Companies are running out of steam. Even worse, there were signs this would be the case from the very beginning.
From the start, very few smartphone ranges changed every year. The tick-tock model meant we got a phone with minimal changes every other year, and in recent times, we're barely getting that.
When was the last time the Galaxy S Ultra meaningfully changed?
But that's ultimately because smartphone hardware no longer needs annual updates — and the same is becoming true of smartphone operating systems.
For instance, what did Android 16 actually add? A desktop mode that, as good as it is, nobody actually uses. Some new safety features that are, admittedly, pretty great. Oh, and some visual updates.
I'm not going to argue that these aren't solid additions. But can they really bear the weight of a new version of Android? Is it worth upgrading just to get them?
They're not. And that makes it clear — Google is struggling to come up with new ideas that don't revolve around putting AI in stuff.
In an ideal world, we'd give it a break for a year. Let the current version of Android breathe, let Google come up with some fresh new ideas. Take the pressure off.
But that's not going to happen. Too much is tied to Android's annual updates, like stock market expectations and phone update promises.
So I guess we're going to have to get used to the idea that new versions of Android really don't bring that much.     Except for more AI, of course.    
We want to hear from you. Share your perspective in the comments below, and please keep the conversation respectful.
Your comment has not been saved

There problem is that when you have a pixel Android always browbeats you until you upgrade it. Then, you're stuck in that first phase where something is always draining your battery too fast or messing something else up. That takes a couple of months to get through. And for what? There have been upgrades some years that I haven't been able to see at all.

My Pixel 6 still works great. This year it falls off the upgrade ladder. That might be a good thing.
I wish Windows phone was able to take hold and crush Android way back when. Now we're stuck with this crap.
There is no bottom of the barrel, If they want ideas on how to keep improving the OS and new features literally just go on Reddit and see what their customers have been asking for for ages... They could also look to Linux and adopt more features from there... "
18,2026-05-29,"Researchers at Kyoto University Hospital have begun the first human trial of TRG-035, a drug meant to grow new teeth in people who are missing them. Humans keep a set of dormant tooth buds left over after the adult teeth come in, but a protein holds them switched off for life. The drug blocks that protein, which the researchers call ""the body's molecular off-switch for tooth development."" Thirty adult men, each short a tooth, have enrolled in the study.
The discovery came from a genetic accident. Mice bred without the gene for that protein sprouted teeth they were never supposed to have. One shot of the antibody later produced working teeth in mice and ferrets, with no serious safety problems.
No one in this trial is expected to grow a tooth. The first round, which began in late 2024 and was tracked for 11 months, tests only whether the drug is safe in people. The researchers say ""actual tooth regrowth in these adult participants is unlikely.""
If the drug clears the safety stage, the next round will treat children aged 2 to 7 who were born without teeth. About one person in a thousand is born missing six or more, which makes chewing hard and, the researchers say, draws enough cruelty that some teenagers wear masks. Dr. Angray Kang of Queen Mary University of London said that similar antibody drugs are already safely used to treat osteoporosis. Dr. Chengfei Zhang of the University of Hong Kong asked whether a regrown tooth would come in straight; the team said braces can reposition it.
People who lost teeth to cavities or an accident would be treated last. Toregem BioPharma, the startup behind the drug, wants it on the market by 2030. The researcher Takahashi said he hopes the technology could ""directly extend healthy life expectancy."" Among Japanese people over 75, fewer than one in ten still has a full set of teeth.
Previously:





		A team spread across Washington University in St Louis, the Indian Institute of Science, Heidelberg University, Johns Hopkins, and UC Santa Cruz built a computer to solve the kind of…        READ THE REST





		Vivianite is the most goth crystal on Earth. This beautiful mineral forms in places rich in decaying organic matter, such as ancient graves, old bones, peat bogs, and even submerged…        READ THE REST





		Cows are social animals and have cow best friends, but new research shows that they can also recognize and differentiate human faces. Cows have been domesticated for over 10,000 years,…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: SwiftScan VIP turns phones into portable document scanners with OCR, PDF editing, cloud uploads, multi-page scanning,…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: The BlockChance Bitcoin Ticket Miner is a pocket-sized standalone device that submits solo-mining lottery tickets to the…        READ THE REST





		Disclosure: Boing Boing earns a commission on purchases made through links in this post.   TL;DR: Nibble delivers bite-sized lessons, quizzes, games, audio, and AI-powered learning tools covering subjects like history, finance,…        READ THE REST

Read the rules you agree to by using this website in our Terms of Service.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program
                        designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Boing Boing uses cookies and analytics trackers, and is supported by advertising, merchandise sales
                        and affiliate links. Read about what we do with the data we gather in our Privacy Policy.
Who will be eaten first? Our forum rules are detailed in the Community Guidelines.
Boing Boing is published under a Creative Commons license except where otherwise noted.
Privacy Manager"
19,2026-05-29,"Look closely and you’ll see that every part of the text is not quite right.
A few weeks ago, where I live in Johannesburg, a man ran a stop sign and crashed into my Subaru. At the scene he was frantic, unable to gather his thoughts. Half an hour later, I received a lengthy, perfectly grammatical text from him elegantly explaining how he perceived the crash had happened. For a repair quote, I wrote to a mechanic I know, a man who used to text me in curt phrases riddled with shorthand. I got a response using just the same voice as the man who’d crashed into me—the distinctive voice of AI.
In surveys, people consistently say they distrust AI-generated writing. But that hasn’t stopped more and more of us from using it in everyday life—to compose work emails and personal texts, to make shopping lists, even to write scripts for arguments with our spouses. “I feel like I’m going nuts,” the writer Jason Koebler complained in the tech outlet 404 Media, under “the cognitive load” of trying to discern whether every piece of text he reads is real or fake.
AI writing is also creeping into our most elite literary spaces—newspapers’ opinion sections, books, literary magazines. I edit professionally, often working with authors renowned for their prose. Maybe two months ago, I began receiving a kind of submission I’d never gotten before: perfectly clean, without a stray comma; uniform in length, with evenly paced paragraphs and a distinctive tone that was simultaneously breezy and grandiose. At first I was surprised that people who prided themselves on their writing would turn to AI to write for them. Even six months ago, when I occasionally identified a paragraph in a writer’s work that seemed AI-generated, they would apologize.
Now some authors tell me they’ve embraced AI as a “writing tool,” no different from spell-check or a laptop. The phrase is protean and euphemistic, covering everything from using ChatGPT to find a quote to having it compose a long essay based on a two-sentence prompt. The reason for the change is simple: Competition in journalism and academia and grant writing and even YouTube influencing is insanely fierce. The edge goes to those who can stand out in a deluge of content, which is achieved through cleanly packaged messaging and sheer volume. Even professional communicators who are confident in their writing and unsure that AI is a perfect replacement are under increasing pressure to use it, so long as they feel they’re doing so within their profession’s boundaries. (The Atlantic, for the record, prohibits writers from using AI-generated text unless it’s explicitly identified as such.)
People who aren’t professional writers are making a similar calculation. AI programs’ efficiency in generating smooth, grammatical text is irresistible, whether you need a savvy sentence in a job application or a line of banter on a dating app. AI-generated writing can easily trick readers, especially if they’re only skimming. Tutorials exist for how to strip the telltale signs of AI use from your writing: Get rid of em dashes, colons, and of course the now-icky “It’s not X; it’s Y” formulations.
Read: The typo vibe shift
The problem is that the efficiency and frictionlessness that make AI appealing to writers are the same qualities that make it feel untrustworthy to readers. And readers are right not to trust it. No matter how much we may tell ourselves that AI is just a tool like spell-check, it isn’t. When we use AI to flesh out ideas, we lose the most important part of the writing process: thinking.
We tend to believe that efficiency is the highest virtue, the four-hour workweek the ultimate goal. Why sweat over the introductory paragraph of an essay if an AI program can sail over whatever argumentative obstacle you have in the space of 15 seconds? But the effort and the hang-ups are, as they say, a feature of the human thought process, not a bug. When human beings write, we judge ourselves; we stop; we backtrack. In published writing, the traces of this process are erased. But it is the process that makes human writing sensible and meaningful. Many authors describe how, when they’ve finally hit on the right idea, writing feels like going down a water slide; putting one sentence after another becomes easy.
When writing is hard, it’s often not just because we are tired, underfed, or inefficient but because our mind is trying to tell us crucial things. How many draft texts to colleagues or family members have we all stared at in frustration, wondering why they don’t feel quite right—until we finally realize that they need to be rethought completely, or not sent at all? When a book I was writing became an almost hopeless grind, I tore up 90 percent of the manuscript; it became a far more honest work for having been halted at a conceptual dead end, forcing me to turn back.
AI can’t make that kind of judgment. Even if the companies that design AI programs could make them reason like a human being—a project whose hubris is underrated, given that we don’t fully understand the mechanisms behind our own thought processes—they won’t. After all, users consistently say they want AI models to be agreeable, compliant. That means AIs are reluctant to do what the voices in our head do all the time: interrogate the validity of our premise; misunderstand us, forcing us to explain better; insist that a query is stupid; refuse to answer a question at all. In a study published in March, a group of Stanford and Carnegie Mellon University scientists found that top AI models affirm their users’ ideas 49 percent more than humans do in conversation. They also discovered that participants rated more sycophantic answers as “higher quality” and said a sycophantic attitude made them more likely to use AI again.
So we end up with canned perfection—writing that can’t really be argued with, because it has no underlying deliberative reasoning process, no train of thought. As I wrote on X recently, AI writing is almost impossible to edit, because even when it sounds plausible, a closer look will show that every element is equally off: The tone is bland; individual word choices are baffling; the structure lacks sense; key pieces of the argument are missing; facts are false. Working on AI text, as an editor, is like trying to operate on a body whose skin, muscles, veins, bones, and organs are all compromised. There’s nothing to leave intact, nowhere to begin.
Read: AI-writing scandals are getting very confusing
Recently I asked ChatGPT Pro—which I paid for to summarize financial spreadsheets; I’m not a hater—whether it was capable of viciously dismantling an argument I’d read about the stock market. “I’m tuned to avoid being casually cruel, contemptuous, or needlessly snide,” it explained. “That doesn’t mean I can’t be sharp, skeptical, funny, or sarcastic … I can absolutely be dismissive of bad arguments, flabby prose, obvious spin, bureaucratic nonsense, or market delusions wearing a little tech-futurist hat.”
I wanted to look under the hood a little, to understand the reasoning behind how the program chose its phrases. “Why would market delusions be wearing a ‘little’ tech-futurist hat, rather than a big one?” I queried.
The program was incapable of pausing to wonder whether it had chosen the wrong word. Instead, it sought to justify itself in increasingly bewildering ways. “Because ‘little’ makes it funnier,” ChatGPT Pro answered. “The market delusion wants to stride into the room as Prometheus; ‘little hat’ makes it look like a raccoon that found a conference badge.”
Why a raccoon with a conference badge? I pressed. Why not a dog, or a frog?
“Raccoons live in alleys, storm drains, garbage nights, and morally humid environments,” it wrote. “Frogs have existential agency, while raccoons have logistical agency. A frog at a VC afterparty seems like an omen. A raccoon at a VC afterparty seems like it got on the guest list … Think: alley behind a conference hotel, the loading dock of a casino, the VC afterparty where everyone is saying ‘alignment’ but meaning ‘exit liquidity’ … Alignment sounds like ethics, safety, shared goals, humanity, the future. It has dry-cleaned blazer energy … Exit liquidity is socially clammy.”
All of these sentences are grammatically perfect. They also make no sense. And all substantially AI-generated writing is like this, under the hood. ChatGPT Pro agrees, though it has no idea why. “What if I said the whole raccoon thing made no sense as a metaphor?” I asked the program.
“I would agree,” it replied, ever servile. “At first, the raccoon worked as a throwaway image … A metaphor can survive one or two explanatory layers. After that, it starts looking like a raccoon in a trench coat.”
This is the kind of communication we’re becoming surrounded with. Its infiltration into every domain of our lives can’t be stopped. Even people who don’t use AI will begin sounding more like it. (A preprint by the Max Planck Institute for Human Development found that in off-the-cuff verbal conversations, such as podcast discussions, people are already exhibiting “a measurable and abrupt increase in the use of words preferentially generated by ChatGPT—such as delve, comprehend, boast, swift, and meticulous.”) After all, we remain so much smarter than machines, so much subtler, and thus so much quicker to learn and pick up cultural cues. The difference in how we operate will be extraordinary, and not at all hypothetical. Ten years ago I composed a reconciliatory email to a boyfriend but never sent it, because I couldn’t get the phrasing right. Only much later did I realize I simply didn’t mean what I’d been trying to write. If I’d had an AI program to help me get over the hump, I’d be married to a different person. A much less suitable one.  Maybe human writing will become like cloth-aged cheese or handloom rugs, an artisanal product created effortfully. Maybe we will come to treasure older writing. Herman Melville, George Orwell, Toni Morrison—all authenticated. Writing like this will be a fossil record for a kind of thought process we buried without realizing it. The other night, as I was drifting off to sleep, a 19th-century poem popped into my head:
Wynken, Blynken, and Nod one night
   Sailed off in a wooden shoe,—
Sailed on a river of crystal light
   Into a sea of dew.
A children’s rhyme, but it had a new beauty.
Or maybe smooth communiqués that arrive on time and betray no confusion, doubt, or internal struggle—that polish up our images as affable, efficient, and universally, if superficially, wise—is what we want. But at least we should know what we’re sacrificing.
TheAtlantic.com © 2026 The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply"
20,2026-05-29,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
14 hours ago
Edgar Cervantes has over nine years of experience in tech journalism. Exploring the latest gadgets and constantly studying the industry are part of his daily drive. Not to mention his mad product photography skills, which have taken Android Authority imagery to the next level.
Android Authority‘s expert staff reviews and rates dozens of new products and services each month, building on almost two decades of expertise. Read how we test products and services.
Products on this list have received Android Authority’s “The Best” award, recognizing top picks in their respective product category.
Those of you with pools will know the struggles of maintaining one. Just keeping it clean is a constant task, and this is why robot pool cleaners are gaining so much popularity. That said, there is a sea of options out there. How do you figure out which is the best robot pool cleaner for your hard-earned money?
Don’t worry, we’ve done all the hard work, research, and testing, and here’s a collection of our very favorite picks.
Promoted
We can’t talk about the best robot pool cleaners without mentioning the Aiper Scuba V3. We’ve given this robot a full review, and it is a spectacular option, but you don’t have to take our word for it. Aiper has also been chosen by the general population, who will definitely put their money where their mouths are. Aiper is the No.1 brand of smart robotic pool cleaner in the world in terms of sales volume, according to an independent study by Euromonitor International Co., Ltd.*
The Aiper Scuba V3 is truly special. It will obviously clean your pool floor, walls, and waterline exceptionally well, but that isn’t exactly what makes it stand out from the crowd. It’s an ample set of features that blows the competition out of the water.
This robot harnesses the innovative power of cognitive AI to clean pools as efficiently and hands-free as possible. Cognitive AI Navium™ Mode can take into account pool details and previous cleaning data to keep the pool clean for a whole week, scheduling quick cleans throughout the night. AI Patrol cleaning saves battery and time by targeting the dirty spots in your pool. VisionPath™ combines the AI Vision Camera and dToF sensors for smarter path planning and higher pool coverage.
It even has an integrated light for night-time cleaning! And you won’t need to worry about personal information leaking out, as the Scuba V3 gained the TÜV data privacy certificate.
The light design and good-looking aesthetics are a nice cherry on top. The price is competitive, and a summer campaign will offer a limited-time discount starting June 10th. This ensures you don’t have to spend multiple thousands on an efficient, reliable, smart pool cleaner.
*Euromonitor International Co., Ltd., in terms of 2025 manufacturer sales volume (units) in the world. Smart robotic pool cleaner is defined as: intelligent service robots integrating mechanical, electronic, software algorithm and sensor technologies. They autonomously or with minimal human intervention perform pool cleaning and maintenance tasks, typically featuring smart navigation, path planning, and multiple cleaning modes. Research completed in 2026/3.
For powerful cleaning capabilities, great aesthetics, and a wide set of features, I would pick the Dreame Z1 Pro. It’s especially cool if you want to control your robot pool cleaner underwater, a feature the vast majority of competitors lack.
Let’s start with the basics. The Dreame Z1 Pro can thoroughly clean your pool’s floor, walls, and waterline, thanks to its powerful 8,000 GPH suction. It worked amazingly well during our tests, and would pick up debris even when it wasn’t visible to my eyes.
There’s also the fact that its design is pretty awesome. It is among the best-looking robot pool cleaners I have seen.
If you care for features, this robot excels. The main highlight is that it comes with a remote, which allows you to control the robot even underwater. If you’re new to robot pool cleaners, you might not know this, but Bluetooth and Wi-Fi become obsolete when robots go underwater. The Dreame Z1 Pro also suffers from this, but the company found a very creative way to solve this.
The remote uses LiFi (light-fidelity) technology to communicate with the robot. You can use it to control spot cleaning, park it, manually direct it, and more. It is quite special. The charger is also pretty unique, as it is neither a traditional dock nor a plug-in cable. Instead, it uses magnets and metallic contacts for charging. This is very convenient. The only downside is that it charges slowly and takes 4-6 hours to charge fully.
There’s also the fact that it runs for about three hours on a full charge, during which it can cover 2,160 sqft. This means it is mainly meant for smaller-to-medium-sized pools. If that can meet your needs, though, it is a fantastic addition to your yard.
The other robots in this list of the best robot pool cleaners are great, but they can be pricey. Costs can reach a few thousand dollars! If you’re looking to economize while still keeping your pool squeaky clean, we would advise you to take a look at the Wybot C2 Vision. It’s $899.99, and you can often find good deals on it.
The Wybot C2 Vision will learn and adapt to your pool, efficiently cleaning your pool floor, walls, and waterline with a decent 3,592 GPH suction power. It’s also smaller and lighter than usual, making it easier to carry around the yard.
What makes it special is that, while more affordable, it still has AI capabilities. It can detect messes on its own and target these areas for a much more efficient cleaning session. We found that it works exceptionally well, and the feature will improve over time as it learns your pool and cleaning patterns the more you use it.
Battery life, while not impressive by industry standards, is pretty good considering the price, size, and weight. It can run for three hours and cover 2,152 sqft of pool surface.
You’re getting into the big leagues once you step into Beatbot territory. The brand is known for its high-quality robot pool cleaners, all of which are premium options. That said, the Beatbot AquaSense 2 is a great robot pool cleaner, and while not totally cheap, it also doesn’t cost an arm and a leg like some of the brand’s other options.
This is a great option if you want high-quality from one of the most respected brands in the robot pool cleaner market, but you still want to keep your bank account relatively healthy. It has a retail price of $1,298, and we’ve seen specials that bring the price down to under $900.
The Beatbot AquaSense 2 offers floor, walls, and waterline cleaning capabilities. It also has a 5,500 GPH suction power, just like the higher-end Ultra model. The 16 sensors keep it efficient, ensuring it cleans your pool perfectly.
Battery life is estimated at four hours, and that can cover a pool as large as 3,230 sqft without interruptions. When done, the robot will park itself at the edge of the pool for easy retrieval, and you can simply drop it in the charging dock. It will juice up completely in about four hours.
Of course, it looks great and will continue to look amazing for a long time, thanks to the IMR coating that protects it from sun exposure.
Pretty much all of the robot pool cleaners listed here clean the pool floor, walls, and waterline. One area of the pool is missing: the surface. Those looking for a one-stop solution that can cover all areas of the pool should consider the Beatbot Sora 70. It’s the best all-around pool-cleaning robot for most people.
Sure, the $1,499 retail price is still up there, but it’s a very accessible price considering all it offers. Consider this is one of very few actual full pool cleaning solutions. Robots that cover the floor, walls, waterline, and surface are expensive. It’s also quite a capable robot in other departments.
For starters, you’ll enjoy a 6,800 GPH suction power, which is actually as strong as Beatbot’s flagship model (the Beatbot AquaSense X). It also has a large 6L basket for storing plenty of debris, ensuring less maintenance time.
Of course, you’ll enjoy plenty of awesome features. JetPulse pulls debris toward the robot when cleaning the surface. It can self-park. As you can see, there are no buttons, so the robot pretty much does everything intelligently or through the app. Just throw it in the water, and it will do its thing!
We also need to highlight its battery life, which extends to seven hours of surface cleaning or five hours of underwater cleaning. It can also recharge completely in 4.5 hours!
If money is no issue and you really want the best robot pool cleaner money can buy, we would recommend the Beatbot AquaSense 2 Ultra. It’s priced accordingly at $3,150, but this thing is a total pool-cleaning beast. It’s still the best robot pool cleaner I have tested, and I reviewed it back in April 2025.
For starters, this one is also a complete pool-cleaning solution, capable of cleaning the pool’s floor, walls, waterline, and surface. It also supports AI features for improving efficiency. It uses 27 sensors for improved mapping, debris detection, multi-level cleaning, and more. This was all quite innovative when the robot came out, so we can say the AquaSense 2 Ultra was ahead of its time.
The 5,500 GPH is great for efficiently cleaning the pool, and the large 3.7L basket stores dirt and debris for longer periods. This is also one of the very few robot pool cleaners with a system that can dispense water clarifier, adding another layer of pool maintenance to the equation.
Battery life is outstanding, too, offering 10 hours of surface cleaning and five hours of underwater cleaning. It can cover a pool size of up to 3,875 sqft in a full charge.
This one is amazing, but it is also pricey. This is why Beatbot stands behind it with a 3-year warranty.
What makes a good robot pool cleaner? As with pretty much anything else, it is a combination of things. Let’s help you make the most informed decision by outlining some of the key factors we consider.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
21,2026-05-29,"ByGreg Petro,
Contributor.
Seems like just yesterday that the pandemic inspired hordes of home-bound city dwellers and country-bound urban refugees to welcome dogs, cats, and assorted other domestic creatures into their lives, sparking a boom in the pet supply business. 
Between 2020 and 2025, spending on pet products in the US rose from $96 billion to the $165 billion predicted for 2026 by the American Pet Products Association. 
Physical retailers like Tractor Supply (with about 2,400 locations in 49 states), and e-commerce juggernauts like Chewy, notched huge revenue growth rates that drove share prices off the charts.
Five years later, those same “pet parents” who had been so eager to bond with and spoil their furry companions with premium foods and bins full of toys are showing signs of exhaustion. 
Growth rates have flattened, those puppies are now aging into senior status and needing costly veterinary care, and human living expenses have gotten so out of hand that bespoke pet foods and other supplies feel like luxuries Fido won’t miss.
“Pet parents are price tired, time tired, and information tired,” according to a recent report by market research giant NielsenIQ. “Across all channels, loyalty is conditional and recalculated with every trip.” Today’s pet parent is more likely to be shopping for the best price on commodity products, wherever they can find it. After all, Fido is also brand agnostic. 
The industry’s round trip has been spectacular. Tractor Supply is a nearly 90-year-old farm and ranch merchant that boomed in 2020 by capturing the hearts and wallets of ex-city dwellers who wanted to try raising chickens and building fences. The company’s share price quadrupled over five years.
Tractor rolled out a clever slogan that tantalized consumers with the romantic notion of “Life out here.” It added merchandise, tools, and other animal supplies to its offerings of chicken wire and livestock rope, including live chicks, coops, feed and gear for the would-be backyard farmer. 
Tractor also exploited the “fashion out here” vibe, a sort of farm and country couture that included racks of Carhartt canvas jackets and Wolverine work boots. 
But without the kind of e-commerce infrastructure of a Chewy, Tractor has been hobbled by its brick-and-mortar roots.
Slowing growth and a skittish economic mood caught up with the stock last summer. With recent downgrades by several analysts, Tractor shares have plunged by about 50% since last August, sending the price back to about where it traded five years ago.
Chewy, while dominating the e-commerce channel with a subscription and delivery model, hasn’t escaped the financial carnage. Revenue swelled by about 145% over the same five-year period (to nearly $12 billion), but the stock peaked in 2021 and the company’s market cap today is about 25% of what it once was.
The third publicly held player in the segment, Petco, trades at about 10% of its peak price, set in 2021.
As if all this wasn’t enough to discourage investors, waiting in the wings is Walmart, which in 2024 launched a new in-store service, “Pet Care Unleashed”—an integrated center offering vet, grooming, and other services. So far only a handful of the new centers have opened in Georgia and Arizona. It is truly a constantly dynamic environment with equally dynamic customer behaviors. This lies at the heart of predicting consumer behavior in retail."
22,2026-05-29,"Dan Loeb, the founder of New York-based hedge fund Third Point, says he underestimated how quickly AI would disrupt some businesses.
Speaking on Thursday's episode of the ""Invest Like The Best"" podcast, the billionaire investor said while Third Point had made successful bets against some companies affected by AI, the firm also misjudged AI's ability to upend parts of the market.
""But where we've made the mistake is that, we're controversial, but we thought we knew better that AI wasn't really going to, you know, affect this part of the infoservices business or these guys had proprietary information,"" Loeb said, adding that this has been a key ""investment lesson"" over the past year.
Third Point, founded in 1995, manages roughly $24 billion in assets. During the same podcast, Loeb dismissed talk of AI being a bubble, saying we've ""barely scratched the surface.""
Like many business leaders, Loeb said he's pushing his team to use AI, saying, ""The only way to get good at this is just to use it."" He pointed to Anthropic's Claude, saying it can make employees ""very autonomous.""
He added that Third Point has brought in computer scientists to help the team adapt to AI.
""We have experts that we have brought on that are native computer scientists that are kind of coming at this as expert AI people who are working on specific projects. They're coaching the team, but we're also encouraging everyone to use AI,"" he said.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
He added that people across the organization are using AI to varying degrees. ""Some people are running agents overnight and using tons and tons of tokens. Other people are probably more like me, just using it more for queries and things, but you know, we're all very involved with it,"" he said.
At companies large and small, AI is changing the nature of work and becoming a required part of the job.
As businesses seek returns on billions of dollars in AI spending, some are monitoring employee adoption and factoring AI use into employee assessments.
In February, several Google employees told Business Insider that their use of AI would be considered in upcoming performance reviews.
JPMorgan Chase has internal dashboards to track employees' use of AI tools, categorizing them as light, heavy, or non-users, Business Insider reported in March.
Disney has taken a similar approach. In April, Business Insider reported that the company uses an internal ""AI Adoption Dashboard"" to track token usage across tools like Cursor and Claude. The dashboard, which one staffer referred to as a ""leaderboard,"" also displays the most active AI users.
But AI is advancing rapidly, and sentiment appears to be shifting. As Charles Rollet wrote for Business Insider earlier this week, the backlash to tokenmaxxing — using as many AI tokens as possible — has officially begun.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
23,2026-05-29,"Deal Alerts
Post a Deal
Giveaways
Sign Up
Categories
Coupons
Community Forums
Personal Finance
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 This collaborative space allows users to contribute additional information, tips, and insights to enhance the original deal post. Feel free to share your knowledge and help fellow shoppers make informed decisions. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Our community has rated this post as helpful. If you agree, why not thank SpiritMist
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
 Sign up  for a Slickdeals account to remove this ad. 
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal.
You have chosen to downvote this deal."
24,2026-05-29,"People have vibe-coded apps for all sorts of tasks, from nutrition planning to babysitting gigs to grocery shopping. Soon, you may be able to vibe-code your home design.
That's the idea behind Drafted, a nine-month-old startup that uses AI to turn home-design ideas into floor plans and 3D layouts. Founded by Nick Donahue, Drafted has raised a $16 million seed round from investors including Buckley Ventures, Y Combinator, Pinterest cofounder Ben Silbermann, and OneRepublic front man Ryan Tedder. Donahue, the CEO, declined to share the company's valuation.
Instead of using expensive professional design software, users can enter details such as lot size, home size, and room count. Then, they can describe the type of house they want and instantly generate floor plans and 3D renderings. They can tinker with the design and get updated plans in seconds.
""Designing a home today requires navigating fragmented tools and highly manual workflows,"" said Donahue. ""We're building a system where you can shape a home as easily as you shape software.""
Drafted previously raised $1.65 million at a $35 million valuation from investors including Patrick Collison and Jack Altman.
Donahue grew up around the homebuilding industry. His father built homes for major developers, and his mother ran East Coast sales for Home Depot.
Drafted is not his first attempt to make home design easier. Donahue previously ran Atmos, a startup that used technology to streamline the custom home design process. The company operated for seven years and raised about $20 million from investors, including Y Combinator, Khosla Ventures, and Sam Altman. Donahue shut it down in early 2025 as high interest rates made it harder for customers to afford the homes they had spent months designing.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
Donahue couldn't stay away for long. This time, he built Drafted around AI.
""This is what I've never understood about Silicon Valley. They're like, who wants to design a house?"" he said. ""I'm like, OK, maybe we don't build here, but for most people, in most places, their home is the most important, like outside of their family.""
Since launching five months ago, 250,000 people have visited Drafted's website, Donahue said, and in the past month, users have generated over 300,000 floor plans. Donahue said that more than a third of website visitors are homebuyers. Other users include architects, builders, and developers.
The San Francisco-based startup is trying to carve out a middle ground between hiring an architect and buying a stock house plan online. The first option can be expensive and slow; the second is cheaper but rigid. Donahue says Drafted can offer more customization at a lower price, with basic plan sets expected to cost around $1,000.
Architects and builders already use tools like Autodesk, Planner 5D, and Homestyler. Donahue is betting Drafted can offer a simpler starting point for both consumers and architects, before a project moves into more formal design work.
""We invested because Drafted sits at the intersection of a huge consumer behavior and a very practical need,"" said Josh Buckley, founder of Buckley Ventures and an early investor in companies including Applied Intuition, Physical Intelligence, and Figma. ""People don't just want pretty AI images; they want to explore what their actual future home could look like, iterate on it, and eventually make decisions around it.""
Drafted's growth strategy borrows from Donahue's teenage years playing Minecraft. He would spend hundreds of hours building maps in creative mode, turning empty space into Hunger Games-style arenas with mountains, forests, and villages. Before releasing the maps, he invited YouTubers to play the game on a joint livestream to generate buzz.
He's now using a similar strategy to promote Drafted, recruiting around 20 creators a month to try the product and share their experiences.
Donahue said the company plans to start charging for basic plan sets within the next three to six months.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
25,2026-05-29,"
GameCubeSega 
Former Sega designer Yuji Naka, one of the co-creators of Sonic the Hedgehog, director of noted flop Balan Wonderworld, and most recently convicted of insider trading at Square Enix, apparently tried to retitle the 2003 GameCube game Billy Hatcher and the Giant Egg as Billy Hatcher and the Giant Cock back when he was still at Sega.
This comes from a delightful and lengthy interview with Mike Fischer, former VP and Sega of America product manager, conducted by Sega-16. Fischer has a ton of fascinating anecdotes from his time at Sega covering everything from the Pico to the Game Gear, Sonic to Streets of Rage. But by far his best story is about Naka, who he seems to loathe based on multiple jabs delivered throughout the presentation.
Fischer tees up the story by talking about his own recommendations that Sega consider creating more mature, M-rated games for the U.S. market, advice which he says Naka clearly hated. “Naka just went fucking ballistic on me, yelling at me, saying I wanted to make porno games. Literally, Iâve never seen someone foam at the mouth, but he had literally like foamy spit at the corners of his mouth. ‘How many games have you made? How many hits have you delivered? Who are you to come here and tell us?'”
Shortly after, Naka made Billy Hatcher and the Giant Egg for GameCube with Sonic Team. Originally, Fischer says, Naka wanted to name the game just Giant Eggs. But he was advised that the notion of “laying a big egg” in the U.S. is a colloquialism (less used nowadays) that means to fail spectacularly. Instead, they suggested Billy Hatcher, and even compromised by calling it Billy Hatcher and the Giant Egg. But as Fischer explains, Naka still wasn’t appeased.
“We at one point â I promise you, I am not making up this story; I have two witnesses! At one point, [Naka] visited the U.S. Sometimes I translated, and sometimes other people translated. He goes, ‘Well, I know another name for the boy wearing a rooster suit. Another name for rooster is cock. Can we call the game Giant Cock in English?'”
Fischer, unfortunately, did not agree to that, nor did anyone else, so Billy Hatcher and the Giant Egg it was. Look, I’m not saying they should have named it that, but I am saying it probably would have sold better than it did. It also definitely would have had several Fox News segments dedicated to it.
There are a lot of other really fun anecdotes in here, like Fischer recalling getting to take Michael Jackson to a Sega arcade, or recounting the time when, during an effort to rebuild a relationship between Sega and Nintendo, a Sonic the Hedgehog mascot character walked up to the door of Nintendo of America and hugged a Mario mascot character. He also shit-talks Naka a bit more, particularly due to his distaste for Naka taking credit for creating Sonic, though Fischer ends the interview with a somewhat nicer story. Apparently, Naka heard about a team of Chinese pirates making bootleg versions of Dreamcast games, and instead of taking them down, Naka bought their company and hired them to do porting work.
Donât miss the latest reviews, news and tips. Sign up for our free newsletter.

          Based on the leaked footage, Virtua Fighter Crossroads already looks like a lot of fun
        

          I heard the original working title was ""Bungalow of Recently Departed""
        

          Thankfully, Sega's planned revivals of classic titles such as Jet Set Radio and Crazy Taxi are unaffected by the Super Game project's cancellation
        

          Millennium chic was not always the direction for Sonicâs Dreamcast defining debut
        

Gamers Nexus investigates the case of Darius Khan, whose dramatic arrest seems to obfuscate corporate negligence
        

          Sato and his team were behind everything from the SG-1000 up through the Dreamcast
        
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2026 KOTAKU USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
26,2026-05-29,"By 


      The Associated Press
    


                A man walk near the entrance of the Shangri-La Hotel, the venue for the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) Shangri-La Dialogue, Asia's annual defense and security forum, in Singapore, Thursday, May 28, 2026.
                
                    
                    Achmad Ibrahim/AP
                    
                
hide caption

SINGAPORE — China's rapid military modernization and assertiveness in the Indo-Pacific and growing concerns over American priorities are top issues on the table at Asia's premier defense summit drawing leaders, top diplomats and security officials from around the world.
The Shangri-La Dialogue, hosted by the International Institute for Strategic Studies, also comes as the Middle East is increasingly on edge as new attacks have threatened the tenuous ceasefire in the Iran war. Russia, meanwhile, has intensified its war on Ukraine.
Vietnamese leader To Lam opens the conference Friday with a keynote address, while U.S. Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth starts Saturday's session with remarks focused on the Trump administration's Indo-Pacific strategy.
Lam has consolidated his power in Vietnam this year, becoming both Communist Party general secretary and president of the strategically important Southeast Asian nation, departing from its tradition of shared leadership.
Like several other countries in the region, Vietnam has competing maritime claims with Beijing that have led to confrontations, but at the same time is heavily tied economically to China, its biggest two-way trade partner.
The U.S., meantime, is Vietnam's largest export destination and has been seeking to make diplomatic inroads and expand defense contracts to try and pull some of that market away from Hanoi's traditional partner, Russia.
Recently leaked documents showed, however, that even after elevating relations with Washington to the highest diplomatic level, Vietnam's military remained skeptical of American intentions and had taken steps to defend against a possible American ""war of aggression.""
With Hanoi performing a delicate balancing act with both Washington and Beijing, Lam was expected to keep his address focused on using consensus to manage differences and working jointly on regional stability and development.
Lam was expected to meet on the sidelines of the conference with Hegseth, who will be making his second appearance at the event. Last year in Singapore, Hegseth raised the ire of Beijing by saying "" the threat China poses is real, and it could be imminent,"" and that its military was ""rehearsing for the real deal.""
Hegseth said Washington would bolster its defenses to counter what the Pentagon sees as rapidly developing threats, particularly in China's aggressive stance toward Taiwan.

                FILE - U.S. Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth, left, and General Secretary of Vietnam's Communist Party To Lam shake hands in Hanoi, Vietnam, Nov. 2, 2025.
                
                    
                    Hau Dinh/AP
                    
                
hide caption

But this year's speech comes only about two weeks after U.S. President Donald Trump visited Chinese leader Xi Jinping in Beijing, where Xi warned that their two countries could clash over Taiwan if the issue was not handled properly.
Following the meetings, Trump called Xi a ""great leader"" and said that they were going to have a ""fantastic future together."" Trump also raised questions about Washington's willingness to defend Taiwan, calling a new $14 billion arms package that he has yet to greenlight ""a very good negotiating chip for us"" with China.
China claims the self-governing democratic island as its own, and Xi has not ruled out using force to take it.
The U.S., meantime, supplies Taiwan with modern aircraft, missiles and other weapons to help it defend itself, though follows a policy of ""strategic ambiguity"" on whether it would intervene militarily if China were to attack the island.
Trump has shown greater ambivalence toward Taiwan than his predecessors, fueling speculation about whether the president could be persuaded to dial back American support.
Hegseth's speech will focus on the military's ""common-sense approach to safeguarding U.S. vital national interests in the Indo-Pacific,"" according to the Pentagon.
Coming so soon after the meeting of the two leaders in Beijing, it seems unlikely Hegseth will say anything to upstage Trump's own remarks.
China is due to open Sunday's dialogue with its view, though Beijing was only sending a lower-level delegation this year, according to Chinese media reports. It was not immediately clear who would be speaking.
Chinese Defense Minister Dong Jun also did not attend last year's event.
While the annual conference tilts toward Asian security issues, there will be no avoiding Russia's ongoing war against Ukraine and the Iran war, which has led to the shutdown of the Strait of Hormuz.
In peacetime, a fifth of the world's oil is shipped through the strait, and since it has been effectively closed by Iran, global oil prices have spiked, causing economic problems around the world. Qatar's minister of defense is among the speakers this weekend.
Just ahead of the conference, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy wrote to Trump and U.S. Congress asking for more American-made air defense ammunition to counter intensifying Russian ballistic missile attacks.
Though Zelenskyy, who made a surprise in-person appearance at Shangri-La two years ago, is not expected this year, speakers will include many top European defense officials, including from Lithuania and Poland.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor"
27,2026-05-29,"While Anthropic hypes its unreleased Mythos AI model as dangerously powerful, Google is changing the conversation — to cost and speed.
Google says its latest Gemini 3.5 Flash model rivals frontier offerings, while saving money for companies that are racking up huge bills by churning through billions of tokens, the core unit of AI usage.
""Companies are already blowing through their annual token budgets and it's only May,"" Google CEO Sundar Pichai said recently. ""If companies used a mix of Flash and other frontier models they could save a lot of money.""
The timing of Google's new model is no coincidence. As companies embrace token-hungry AI agents they're also paying closer attention to their bills. Meanwhile, smaller AI companies under pressure to generate revenue are cranking up the cost of their products, pushing customers to reconsider their AI spend.
That presents an opportunity to win on value rather than raw capability. It's also where Google has an edge that will be hard for rivals to replicate — one it's been working on for a quarter-century.
For the first three or so years, the generative AI wars were largely about who had the biggest and smartest model. Now, as the performance gaps between labs shrink, the advantage is shifting to infrastructure and inference, or how models are run.
As OpenAI President Greg Brockman recently declared: ""the model alone is no longer the product.""
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
A big reason for that shift is agents, which are becoming more useful and expensive to operate.
Google knows how high the token burn is getting. Pichai recently noted that monthly usage of its AI products has increased sevenfold to 3.2 quadrillion tokens since last year. He also said that if the top customers of Google Cloud moved 80% of their AI workloads to a combination of Gemini 3.5 Flash and other frontier models, they could save more than $1 billion a year.
Companies are noticing how much AI is adding up. Uber's COO recently said it was becoming harder to justify the company's ballooning AI costs. Venture capitalist Chamath Palihapitiya said in March that his company, 8090, was moving away from using Cursor because it was spending too much money on tokens.
""As AI agents become more complex, long-running processes have become the norm,"" Dan Morgan, an analyst at Synovus Trust, told Business Insider. ""This has created sticker shock at many organizations.""
Cost and ROI go hand in hand because it's hard make a profit in this space, said Morgan. For some companies, having access to models on the absolute frontier may no longer be necessary. Good enough may be good enough.
This is where Google is well positioned. It has tighter control over the cost and speed of AI than most rivals because it owns the full stack — chips, data centers, cloud, the models, and many of the big applications on top.
Google pays around 50% less (and possibly as much as 75% less) for its internal AI compute than rivals because it uses its own TPU chips and sources components directly from manufacturers, analysts at William Blair estimated earlier this month.
OpenAI, on the other hand, pays Microsoft, Oracle, and other cloud giants a margin on every ChatGPT and Codex request, and those providers pay Nvidia for the GPUs that run it all. In fact, just about every company that isn't a hyperscaler is having to pay someone else for infrastructure right now.
If compute is destiny, as OpenAI CEO Sam Altman likes to say, Google has spent more than 25 years sealing its fate.
In 2006, Google Search commanded more than 40% of the market and was pulling away fast — not only because its results were good, but because Google was making its search engine faster and cheaper to serve. Google liked to boast about this by showing you the exact number of miliseconds it took to return answers.
Rather than invest in expensive servers, Google built custom systems using cheap, off-the-shelf parts to maximize speed and keep costs down. Meanwhile, data from all those searches — which increased as Google became more popular — improved the engine, creating a flywheel that slowly strangled rivals like Yahoo.
Google's results didn't need to be the absolute best, they just needed to be fast enough — and cheap enough to serve — that users would keep coming back for more.
Google is creating a similar flywheel with Gemini, except now it also has a hugely successful search advertising business that can subsidize its AI efforts as rivals like OpenAI and Anthropic race for more money and compute.
The search race was really an infrastructure race in disguise. Google is betting the AI race will be similar.
Have something to share? Contact this reporter via email at hlangley@businessinsider.com or Signal at 628-228-1836. Use a personal email address and a non-work device; here's our guide to sharing information securely.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
28,2026-05-29,"Anabella Gyasi was bringing her son to the U.S. for medical treatment.
A pregnant woman and her 4-year-old son from Ghana have been held for more than a week at a Washington, D.C.-area airport, according to the American Civil Liberties Union.
Anabella Gyasi arrived at Dulles International Airport on May 19 with a valid tourist visa to bring her son to the United States for medical treatment, and she has been detained in a holding room by Customs and Border Protection since then, the ACLU said, amid the Trump administration's ongoing immigration crackdown.
The ACLU filed a habeas petition for Gyasi and her son on Tuesday, alleging they are being detained ""despite long-standing regulations and policies requiring that certain at-risk individuals, such as pregnant women and children, be released."" The petition also points to a court settlement that requires children to be transferred out of detention within 72 hours.
The 38-year-old mother first brought her son to the U.S. in 2024, when he was 2 years old, to see a specialist for physical abnormalities affecting both of his hands, according to the habeas petition. At that appointment, Gyasi was told her son was too young for corrective surgery.
Earlier this month, Gyasi scheduled a pre-operation appointment at a children's hospital in Ohio and planned on traveling with the same tourist visa she had previously used, according to her lawyers.
After landing at Dulles on May 19, Gyasi and her son went through U.S. Customs, where they were questioned about the purpose of their trip.
""Although Ms. Gyasi has valid tourist visas for her and [her son], she disclosed her fear of returning to Ghana based on the persecution she and her son faced,"" the petition states. ""Ms. Gyasi and [her son] were then taken into custody by CBP at Dulles Airport.""
Since their initial detention, Gyasi and her son have been held in a room at the airport ""that has a single bed, a toilet, a sink, and no windows. They are kept locked in their room for 24 hours a day,"" said the petition.
According to the ACLU, CBP instituted a policy last month requiring the physical custody of all asylum-seeking individuals entering the country at ports of entry, which the group says violates other long-standing policies. 
""CBP does not maintain immigration detention facilities equipped to safely care for people long-term,"" the petition states. ""Instead, pursuant to this policy, CBP has converted nonpublic commercial rooms within airports into prison cells. These ""hold rooms"" are equipped with nothing more than a toilet, a sink, and a bed, with no on-site medical services."" 
Gyasi has been transported to the hospital twice during her detention, according to the habeas petition. 
""Doctors there diagnosed her with complications due to the high stress she was experiencing, gave her medication to stop the bleeding, and prescribed blood pressure medication,"" her lawyers said in court documents.
According to Gyasi's lawyers, the Ghanaian mother ""became concerned about the health of [her son] and her unborn child, given their constant hunger."" She was allegedly prevented from purchasing food for her son.
Because of concern for her unborn child, the ACLU said that Gyasi told officers she would rather be deported than denied food, and she signed a deportation order. The ACLU said Gyasi does not wish ""to relinquish their asylum claims"" and said she agreed to be deported ""out of desperation"" for the health of her son. 
A Department of Homeland Security official confirmed Gyasi is currently in CBP custody at Dulles and said she ""will remain in custody pending her immigration hearing.""
The DHS spokesperson called the allegations about the conditions of the holding room and the food ""false."" 
""Everyone in CBP custody, including this individual, has access to appropriate care, including medical evaluation by a doctor, medication, and food,"" DHS said.
A federal judge on Wednesday ordered the government to show a legal basis for the detention of Gyasi and her son.
""A failure to show an adequate legal basis for Petitioners' continued detention will result in their immediate release so that they may pursue [her son's] planned medical care,"" U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema wrote in her order.
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events"
29,2026-05-29,"In Florida's upcoming Senate race, Democrat Alexander Vindman is challenging Trump-loyal incumbent Ashley Moody, with recent polls showing a competitive race..."
30,2026-05-29,"

				(Mis)Uses of Technology			

Flock Safety has made its bed. It has courted homeowners associations and gated communities since it first arrived on the market, apparently hoping to convert inherent racism into perpetual revenue streams. 
Then it went to where the real bias has always existed: US law enforcement agencies. It promised to tie their systems in with those deployed by private citizens. It attempted to talk Ring (another company with too-close ties to cops) into bed, before shitting the shared bed in front of hundreds of millions of TV viewers during the most recent Super Bowl.
Flock’s reputation had already been in steep decline prior to the Super Bowl debacle, but that aborted arranged marriage saw its shady doings exposed to millions who previously weren’t aware there was a surveillance camera company even less concerned about rights and privacy than Ring. 
Flock was doing things even Ring wouldn’t do. It was telling citizens one thing and giving cops something else entirely: a nationwide surveillance network with built-in ALPR (automatic license plate reader) capability with zero oversight. Flock said it would prevent federal abuse of local law enforcement camera networks and then did absolutely nothing to prevent this. Meanwhile, cop shops were using Flock’s cameras to track people across the country — you know, dangerous criminals like the woman (at the request of her abusive ex) who left Texas to seek an abortion in another state. 
All of these concerns have resulted in Flock losing plenty of public market share. Sure, it may still be doing brisk business in the private market, but government contracts are where the real money is. Flock can’t seem to stop the bleeding. Multiple local governments have terminated contracts with Flock and plenty more are considering doing the same, especially now that it’s shady dealings have been called out by federal lawmakers like Senator Ron Wyden.
Still, the company has its supporters. And they’re exactly the sort of people you’d expect them to be. A public meltdown by a public servant is the subject of this excellent reporting by Joseph Cox of 404 Media. Here’s a bit of background, which also contains some super-useful background on Flock’s PR team. 
Like in many other communities around the country, the use of Flock’s AI cameras has become a major topic of discussion in Bandera (Texas). In February, Bandera held a town hall meeting exclusively about Flock that Flowers moderated. Kerry McCormack, a former Cleveland city council member who is now on the public affairs team for Flock, came to that meeting to discuss the technology, demonstrating that the company is sending representatives even to tiny towns in order to promote its use. 
Dial in on a couple of things. First, there’s the fact that former public servants are now running flack for Flock. Second, there’s the mention of Bandera, Texas city council member Jeff Flowers, who’s apparently so smitten of Flock that he’s willing to go full batshit when confronted by public criticism. Bandera’s city council voted 3-2 to end its contract with Flock in response to public resistance, which included repeated vandalizing of the town’s eight cameras. 
Flowers apparently couldn’t handle this vote or the resistance that generated it. He went right off the rails, almost immediately:
After the vote, Councilmember Jeff Flowers, a staunch Flock supporter, said that if people in the town wanted privacy then the city council should basically ban all technology, essentially calling people who did not want government surveillance hypocrites.
Nice. This deep disconnection from reality wasn’t limited to comments made during the vote. He also posted an op-ed (subtitled “Bandera Declaration of Independence”) in the local newspaper, in which he ignorantly continued to claim that rejection of government surveillance was a hypocritical stance taken by people who voluntarily own smartphones and access the internet. 
Flowers said that at the next city council meeting he will propose “a total ban on all cellular and GPS-capable devices for all operations within city limits. If we are to be truly ‘private,’ we must leave our smartphones at the city line.” He will also propose “a total ban on outward facing cameras,” and “a total termination of all internet services and electronic record-keeping. We are going back to 1880, paper ledgers and cash only.”
Flowers is the kind of idiot that’s almost smart enough to be dangerous. But he’s not quite there yet. It’s one thing to “share” information with service providers, apps, and online services. It’s quite another to be forced to share information with the government. While the government may actually demand less information in exchange for services than most internet service providers, people are far more willing to sacrifice privacy for convenience when the recipient is another private party. 
Pretending these two things are equivalent is lazy at best, and totalitarian at worst. They’re not the same thing. And even if the collection of data by third parties might result in warrantless access of this data by the government, very few citizens are going to affirmatively choose to surrender data to the government, even if it’s nothing more than an always-on collection of their movements via automatic license plate readers. 
To be sure, there are people working for Flock who think Flowers is worthy of a high five or two, if not a permanent position in the PR department. They’re no smarter than Flowers is. This is not a win for Flock. This is another unforced error by surveillance state enthusiasts who are voluntarily creating more negative press for Flock. Flock loses. Flowers rants. Flock loses again. If either party was truly smart, they’d be distancing themselves from each other.


	Filed Under: alpr, bandera, jeff flowers, surveillance state, texas, traffic cams


	Companies: flock safety


  To be sure, there are people working for Flock who think Flowers is worthy of a high five or two, if not a permanent position in the PR department.

Are we sure he isn’t already in that position? His level of anger toward the decision to drop Flock suggests he’s trying to protect an income source and he isn’t happy about losing it.
Sounds like Jeff Flowers needs a forensic audit of his finances.
I’d be willing to bet that Mr. Flowers is on the take in some capacity. No one goes that crazy about how their employer spends its money unless they’ve got something to lose.
Unless they’re really into a surveillance state, and want to track specific people wherever they go. ie: cyberstalking, pedo, whatever else can be thought of…
Carl in the movie Ghost: “Is someone playing with the computers? One of my accounts is closed.” His reaction reeks of the same desperation.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Have a Techdirt Account? Sign in now. Want one? Register here
Name 
Email 
Subscribe to the Techdirt Daily newsletter
URL 
Subject 
Comment * 
Techdirt community members with Techdirt Credits can spotlight a comment as either the ""First Word"" or ""Last Word"" on a particular comment thread. Credits can be purchased at the Techdirt Insider Shop »
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
 Notify me of new posts by email.
 



Δ

We don’t spam. Read our privacy policy for more info.
Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.
        
 
A weekly news podcast fromMike Masnick & Ben Whitelaw
Read the latest posts:


		Read All		»



Become an Insider! 


This feature is only available to registered users.
You can register here or sign in to use it. "
31,2026-05-29,"Press F to close

We use cookies to enhance your experience and analyze our traffic.
        Choose which cookies you're okay with.

Broaden's new film studio brand identity rejects standard corporate presentation. Designed by Manchester-based creative Tom Birch, the system favors a kinetic and tactile visual language. The system organizes around the physical action of widening a frame. This action creates a conceptual dialogue between static graphic elements and dynamic cinematic space. By treating the identity as a living signal, the design communicates an ecological systems-thinking mindset.
The structural framework utilizes a modular grid where the logotype deliberately recedes. This recedence allows baseline alignment and geometric restraint to dictate the visual rhythm. Compositional tension emerges through the extended wordmark, where letterforms widen towards the right margin to physically enact the studio's name. This horizontal expansion avoids decorative styling, functioning instead as a strict spatial argument. In motion, the primary icon pulses outward. This pulse establishes broadcasting as a core brand behavior. This animation layer makes the static layouts feel incomplete by design, ensuring that the motion design is structurally integrated into the brand's identity system.
Material decisions reinforce the studio's resourcefulness. Business cards for this film studio brand identity are letterpressed on GF Smith's Gmund Bier. This warm stock is crafted from spent brewers' grain and chlorine-free pulp. A single hot-foil block serves the entire team, reducing manufacturing footprint while creating a premium tactile contrast against the raw texture of the paper. Each card is hand-finished with a distinctive mechanical mark. This union of industrial precision and manual craftsmanship delivers a physical feel that bridges digital screens and real-world touchpoints.
The typographic scaling relies on an intentional three-part type stack. Suisse Int'l provides a disciplined, humanist sans-serif base for informational layouts. JHA Times Now adds historical design context with its editorial warmth, while Druk Wide offers maximum structural weight for declarative headlines. These contrasting families cohere across digital platforms, stickers, and physical signage without visual friction. Through this meticulous combination of sustainable materials and kinetic typography, the film studio brand identity achieves a rare balance of ecological responsibility and high-end aesthetic rigor.
More branding and motion design inspiration is available on Tom Birch's Behance portfolio. The full project can be reviewed on the Tom Birch feature page."
32,2026-05-29,"Money market account rates vary widely. So which banks are offering the best money market account rates today, Friday, May 29, 2026? Find out here."
33,2026-05-29,"
007 First LightHouse of the DragonMorning Checkpoint 
Last year, $1,000 for a new PC gaming handheld felt like an incredibly tough sell. It might be a bargain-bin price by the time 2026 is done. Also, Call of Duty makes another promise to tamp down on silly skins, and there probably won’t be any time for The Witcher 4 to get massive expansions. It’s Kotaku‘s Checkpoint roundup for May 29 where, unlike some tech billionaires, we are not planning to flee the country any time soon.
Hell of a name, right? It’s the newest PC gaming handheld with beefy specs and an even beefier size. What makes this one so special is that its the first to use Intel’s new Arc G3 Extreme processor. Mmm, Arc G3 Extremmme.
Why are people excited about this? Well Intel getting into the PC gaming handheld chip market is supposed to provide some much needed competition to AMD and hopefully drive up the power and efficiency while keeping prices…uh, not necessarily down, but potentially...less high?
Cold like glacier, shines in chilling blue, the Claw 8 AI+ A2VM in new Glaicer Blue colorway is the one to get in terms of coolness, smooth gameplay and a long battery life.
More: https://t.co/UZc3bPRfcw pic.twitter.com/EVQ5djlFLA
— MSI Gaming (@msigaming) May 29, 2026

So what do we know about the newest MSI Claw? Not much. It’ll sport 32GB of dual-channel LPDDR5x memory, an eight-inch 1920 x 1200 touchscreen, and a body that’s been redesigned to hopefully feel more ergonomic. Also it comes in Void Purple. Mmm, Void Purple.
We’ll likely get more details out of the upcoming Computex 2026 show next week, like maybe an actual price? The current models start around $1,200 at the moment. It would be a nice surprise if this thing came in at under $1,500.
That’s good news for any AAA blockbuster maker, but especially one like IO Interactive, which is trying to put out top-quality games without breaking the bank. According to some analysts, the console-based game is also performing unusually well on PC.
A new Techmarine class was added to the squad-based sci-fi shooter earlier this year, but it won’t be the only one the game gets. The game’s developers confirmed the new addition would arrive in 2027 in a recent community post. “A new Class is on the way, planned for the first half of 2027,” they wrote. “We canât reveal which one just yet, but we can say itâs been highly requested by the community. As we did with the Techmarine, this new Class will receive its own special Champion Skin after its release.”
“Now let me be clear: Technology itself does not decide what the future looks like. People do,” AMD chief Dr. Lisa Su told the 2026 graduating class at MIT. She continued, “AI cannot decide which problems are worth solving. It cannot make the hard judgment calls with imperfect information. It cannot take responsibility for the outcome. These are our responsibilities. And they matter more now than ever.”Â Conan O’Brien also had a very good commencement address this week.
“Every aspect of Modern Warfare 4 is anchored in the game’s narrative,” Infinity Ward posted on X. “Every feature, every decision needs to feel authentic to what Modern Warfare is, and that includes cosmetics and collabs. We’re committed to keeping it grounded and transparent, and we want to hear from you on what you’d like to see in our game.”
Of course, Treyarch said something similar about Black Ops 7 and we still got Dave Chapelle from Half Baked.
It’s called the Rockstar Game Workers Union (RGWU), a subsidiary of the wider Independent Workers’ Union of Great Britain (IWGB), and they announced themselves with a video about their ongoing “fight for justice” for 31 fired Rockstar staff. The studio has claimed they were terminated over misconduct while workers maintain it was a union-busting effort.
Just because The Witcher 3 keeps getting massive updates, that doesn’t mean its sequel will. “As you mentioned in the question, the plans are pretty ambitious,” CDPR joint CEO MichaÅ Nowakowski said during the company’s latest earnings call when asked about the prospect. “Specifically, it’s to release three Witcher games within a six-year period. It would be difficult, to be very honest, for us to add an expansion to the upcoming trilogy. This is where we are here and now with this particular issue.”
Donât miss the latest reviews, news and tips. Sign up for our free newsletter.

          Also: don't call it a DLC
        

          Also: you can now try Resident Evil Requiem for free
        

          James Bond has to learn the ropes, and so do you
        

          Also: Activision might be making an RPG
        

          IO Interactive's James Bond origin story mostly excels as a playable movie but struggles under the weight of some grander ambitions
        

          Apparently put online after earlier leaks, the opening is weirdly generic
        
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
Â©2026 KOTAKU USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us
              "
34,2026-05-29,"May 29, 2026
4 min read
I was in Paris the last few days to visit the AI Now Summit by Mistral AI, hoping to learn more about their models, plans for the future of European AI and more. My personal insights:
Mistral is no longer just a model company. They're building the full AI stack: compute, models, platforms & consultancy. They own the compute (a 40MW data center in Paris, more data centers coming soon, including one in Sweden). They focus on efficient, open and bespoke models that you own and can run on-prem. That seems to be their unique selling point compared to Anthropic or OpenAI.
The messaging was all about partnerships: collaborations with ASML, BNP Paribas, Amazon's Alexa+ and how they were helping them with AI to solve real problems. It was less about upcoming new models and tech innovation. Something I found disappointing. They did launch Vibe for Work, a product similar to Claude for Work.
When it comes to agentic, the harness is everything. In a talk by Pieter Stock he mentioned that the model alone isn't enough. With a harness you add context, persistence and learning. Reasoning is essential for this; it's what lets a system backtrack, recover from errors and stay transparent. Skills are the way for organisations to capture best practices, you develop these in cooperating with the AI agent.
Specialized small models are their strategy. Mistral showed several examples where small, fast and focused models outperform the big general-purpose ones when it comes to energy efficiency and speed: Document AI for OCR (used by the EU Patent Office to do large scale OCR), Voxtral for multilingual voice (powering Amazon's Alexa+ in Europe), and Robostral for industrial robotics with ASML. And also in token-heavy agentic applications, speed and efficiency are becoming as important as raw capability.
Sovereignty and on-prem are their selling points. BNP Paribas runs Mistral models on-prem for KYC in Belgium, with sensitive data staying within the bank's walls. Abanca is using agent orchestration to handle sensitive customer information at a huge scale (more than 1 million customers in their app). For European companies in regulated industries, this is a good alternative to relying on US hyperscalers.
A talk that was a bit out of the ordinary and that I really enjoyed was about ancient papyrus documents: a research team from the Austrian Academy of Sciences finetuned a coding LLM by Mistral (Codestral) to read tiny snippets of millennia-old discarded papyri that had sat unpublished for decades. This work helps make a collection of 180,000 documents found in the Egyptian desert accessible, a job that would have taken more than 2000 years without AI. A beautiful example of how AI can also help the humanities.
All in all, the summit left me with a better picture of Mistral's vision for Europe an AI: maybe not to win the race for AGI (Artificial General Intelligence), but to become the European full-stack AI partner that delivers real return on investment NOW. Whether that pays off will depend on more European companies committing to this, but the combination of open models, on-prem deployment and enterprise partnerships could be appealing to many big organizations in the EU. And honestly, it's good to see a serious European player at the table. The days of blindly relying on US tech giants is coming to an end.
Post-script: Many thanks to Mistral for the invitation. The location was just perfect, in the middle of Paris near the Louvre, and it was really something to be in the place where Paris Fashion Week normally takes place: with co-founders and other speakers on the catwalk.
This article was also published on
LinkedIn
and Hacker News. Feel free to
join the discussion there."
35,2026-05-29,"This story appeared in The Logoff, a daily newsletter that helps you stay informed about the Trump administration without letting political news take over your life. Subscribe here. Welcome to The Logoff: President Donald Trump’s Ultimate Fighting Championshi…"
36,2026-05-29,The U.S. is increasingly reliant on the Middle East for the specific base oils that comprise most modern motor oils and lubricants.
37,2026-05-29,"This as-told-to essay is based on a conversation with Vitalii Dodonov, a 29-year-old founder and CTO based in Toronto. It has been edited for length and clarity.
I studied chemical engineering at the University of Alberta in 2014 after someone recommended it as a solid career path. During college, I worked in a mineral processing lab, where I observed people performing repetitive manual tasks. I thought there had to be a better way, so I began teaching myself to code on the side.
Deloitte came to my campus to recruit. I was hired because I demonstrated hard work through my history of teaching myself to code. They offered me a job at the beginning of my fourth year in 2018 to work as a data scientist. I started working there three months after graduating.
At Deloitte, I realized my passion was really in coding and software, so I kept building side projects on my own. One of them was Vhinny, a platform that aggregated financial information about publicly traded companies.
My experience building Vhinny laid the groundwork for my current company, Stan, which brings in tens of millions in annual revenue. One of Stan's AI products, Stanley, was vibe-coded in just two weeks.
I felt underpaid, and I knew the best market for my skill set was in software engineering, not consulting.
I struggled because I didn't have formal software engineering credentials, and most Big Tech companies wouldn't consider me. I became aware of an open software engineering role at eBay, and it was a natural pull toward doing what I was most interested in. I got lucky by using LinkedIn's easy-apply feature for the eBay role.
Take smart steps toward the goals you've been thinking about.
Take a smarter break in your day - and see how far you get.
My strength was discussing Vhinny. I built it over two years, working 5 to 9 a.m. and 5 to 9 p.m., teaching myself engineering. When the hiring manager asked me why I'm good at what I do, I pulled up Vhinny's architecture and gave a full demo, explaining in detail how it worked.
I used skills generally practiced by senior and staff-level engineers — all self-taught from Google and YouTube, working backward from questions. They hired me as a senior software engineer in May 2020.
During my time at eBay, I met my now cofounder, John, and we decided to build Stan, an all-in-one platform that enables creators to sell digital products through a single link in their bio.
I'm now the CTO. We spent the next several years building out our core creator-commerce platform. As we looked to better serve our customers, our mission became clear: help creators make a living working for themselves. We realized the biggest challenge isn't selling digital products — it's building an audience willing to buy them.
We saw an opportunity to help creators build their audiences rather than treat them as a utility-driven monetization product.
I believe that to be creative, you need to step outside the box — a new environment helps you see things differently. We picked London because neither of us had been there.
We wanted to target creators and entrepreneurs, so we focused on LinkedIn. I didn't write a single line of code; it was all me and the cursor. We vibe-coded Stanley — our AI ""head of content"" product — a fully functional tool in 14 days to help creators make high-performing content on LinkedIn.
The platform uses AI to generate posts that sound like the user's own voice, then tracks which ones perform best by analyzing engagement data. It evolved from a writing assistant into a performance-driven tool that helps creators refine their content and consistently produce viral posts. We documented the entire process on YouTube and launched it to 250 paying customers on the first day.
Within six weeks of its launch earlier this year, we hit $50,000 in monthly recurring revenue. Right now, Stanley is tracking for $3 million in annual recurring revenue: $1.5 million from Stanley Instagram, which we launched later, and $1.5 million from Stanley LinkedIn. Stan generates roughly $40 million in annual revenue.
Our vision is to build the world's AI head of content for everyone. We see so many people doing remarkable work, but with little online presence. Building that presence is a full-time job, and many people don't have the time or skills to do it well.
We believe that if we can give people a tool that lets them focus on what they do best, while an AI head of content grows their online footprint, it will create more opportunities and make them more successful.
One of the pitfalls of vibe coding is the belief that coding itself is the solution. The correct way to think about it is that it's just a way to deliver value to customers. Success comes down to understanding the problem you're solving and solving it for as many people as possible.
Next, define your goal, whether it's building a $10 million business, quitting your job, or creating financial security for your family. Work backward from that goal and ask, ""What do I need to do to get there?"" From there, you can achieve anything you want.
We live in a world where AI agents give individuals the firepower of an entire company. Getting there becomes a matter of effort. If you're willing to work backward and put in the work, almost nothing is out of reach.
My ambition is to build a generational company that the world runs on in 30 to 40 years. I'm working on various aspects that position me to do that. Would I ever go back to corporate? Very unlikely.
I don't see myself ever working for anyone else.
Jump to

      Every time  publishes a story, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time  publishes a story!
    

      Every time a new  story is published, you’ll get an alert straight to your inbox!
    

      Look out for an alert in your inbox the next time a new  story is published!
    


        By clicking “Sign up”, you agree to receive emails from Business Insider. In addition, you accept Insider’s
        Terms of Service and
        Privacy Policy.
      "
38,2026-05-29,"
                                    Jeff Bezos’ rocket company lost a fully fuelled New Glenn during a static fire test at Cape Canaveral on Thursday night, one day after NASA awarded it a $188 million Moon Base contract
                                
TL;DRBlue Origin’s New Glenn rocket exploded during a static fire test at Cape Canaveral on 28 May, destroying the vehicle, the erector-gantry, and a lightning tower at its only launch pad. The incident threatens Amazon’s satellite deployment deadline and comes one day after NASA awarded Blue Origin a $188 million Moon Base contract.
Blue Origin’s New Glenn rocket exploded during a static fire test at Cape Canaveral on 28 May, destroying the vehicle, the erector-gantry, and a lightning tower at its only launch pad. The incident threatens Amazon’s satellite deployment deadline and comes one day after NASA awarded Blue Origin a $188 million Moon Base contract.
Blue Origin’s New Glenn rocket exploded during a static fire test at Cape Canaveral Space Force Station on Thursday night, sending a fireball into the sky and destroying the vehicle along with critical launch pad infrastructure. The explosion occurred at approximately 9pm EDT as engineers were counting down to a brief test firing of the rocket’s seven BE-4 methane-fuelled engines. The rocket was fully loaded with methane fuel and liquid oxygen when it detonated.
All personnel were accounted for and safe. Jeff Bezos posted on X shortly after the incident, saying it was too early to know the root cause but that the company would rebuild whatever needs rebuilding. Blue Origin described the event only as an “anomaly.”

The 💜 of EU tech
The latest rumblings from the EU tech scene, a story from our wise ol' founder Boris, and some questionable AI art. It's free, every week, in your inbox. Sign up now!
The damage extends well beyond the rocket itself. As the smoke cleared, the erector-gantry used to move New Glenn from its hangar to the pad and raise it to vertical was no longer visible. One of two lightning towers had toppled. The explosion is one of the largest rocket failures in US history, and the first on-pad detonation at the Cape since a SpaceX Falcon 9 blew up on nearby pad 40 on 1 September 2016.
Launch Complex 36 is the only pad equipped to launch New Glenn. When SpaceX lost pad 40 in 2016, the Falcon 9 was grounded for three and a half months and the pad itself was out of action for more than a year. Blue Origin has not provided a timeline for returning to flight or for rebuilding the pad infrastructure.
The explosion was supposed to precede the NG-4 mission, which was planned for next week and would have carried 48 Amazon Leo broadband satellites into orbit. It would have been the first of 24 launches that Amazon has contracted Blue Origin to perform for its satellite internet constellation.
New Glenn has launched three times. The first flight in January 2025 reached orbit, a feat no commercial rocket had achieved on its maiden launch, but the booster failed to land. The second flight in November 2025 achieved the first successful booster landing. The third flight in April 2026 landed the booster again but suffered an upper stage failure when a cryogenic leak in one of its two BE-3U engines froze a hydraulic line, destroying an AST SpaceMobile satellite that never reached its planned orbit. The FAA grounded New Glenn after the April incident and only recently cleared it to return to flight.
Amazon Leo, the satellite internet service formerly known as Project Kuiper, entered enterprise beta in April and is targeting commercial launch by mid-2026. But Amazon has only 210 to 241 satellites in orbit against a Federal Communications Commission requirement of 1,618 by 30 July 2026. The company has applied for a two-year deadline extension and contracted 22 additional launches to close the gap.
Losing the NG-4 mission and potentially months of launch capacity from the pad destruction compresses an already tight schedule. Amazon also holds launch contracts with United Launch Alliance and Arianespace, but New Glenn was supposed to be the workhorse. SpaceX’s Starlink already operates more than 7,600 satellites and serves more than 10 million subscribers, giving Amazon’s rival a multi-year head start that every delay widens.
The explosion came one day after NASA Administrator Jared Isaacman praised Blue Origin’s role in the Artemis programme and announced a $188 million contract for Blue Origin to deliver two rovers to the lunar surface using its Blue Moon Mark 1 Endurance cargo lander. Moon Base I, the first delivery mission, is scheduled for no earlier than autumn 2026. After the explosion, Isaacman said on X that NASA is “aware” and would provide information on any impacts to the Artemis and Moon Base programmes as they become available.
Blue Origin is also at a pivotal moment commercially. The company is valued at roughly $100 billion and was reported on 20 May to be considering external investment for the first time, as SpaceX prepares for an IPO at a valuation of $1.75 trillion to $2 trillion. Blue Origin had planned 8 to 12 launches in 2026. SpaceX has 140 to 145 planned for the same period.
Blue Origin will need to investigate the root cause, rebuild the pad, and return to flight before it can resume its launch manifest. The company has not said how many additional New Glenn vehicles are in production or how quickly it could replace the lost rocket. SpaceX recovered from its 2016 pad explosion and went on to become the dominant launch provider in the world, but it had more financial runway and a proven vehicle. Blue Origin has neither.
For Bezos, the explosion is a test of the conviction he has expressed for years, that Blue Origin will one day be bigger than Amazon. The commercial launch market is growing rapidly, but it rewards reliability above all else. A company that has launched three times, lost payloads twice, and now destroyed its only launch pad has a credibility problem that money alone cannot solve. Rebuilding the hardware is the easy part. Rebuilding trust with customers, regulators, and potential investors will take longer.



                                            Alina Maria Stan builds connections that people actually feel. As co-founder and COO of Tekpon, she turns product intuition into real moment

                                                                                            
                                                    (show all)
                                                


                                            Alina Maria Stan builds connections that people actually feel. As co-founder and COO of Tekpon, she turns product intuition into real moments of discovery, shaping how teams find and adopt SaaS every day. Since 2020, she has led Tekpon’s brand voice, media strategy, and growth plays with a clear focus on human outcomes behind every metric.
Before Tekpon, Alina followed curiosity across industries and countries. She was CEO of King Casino Bonus and led affiliate and brand strategy at Extremoo Media and Fable Media in Denmark, where she learned how to build partnerships that last. Early on, she sharpened her CRM and pricing instincts at K.H. ApS, always asking why customers choose what they choose.
Her approach is rooted in more than a decade of international experience and two master’s degrees, one in Sustainable Consumption from the Technical University of Munich and one in Consumer Affairs Management from Aarhus University.
                                        

Get the most important tech news in your inbox each week.

The heart of tech
A Tekpon Company
Copyright © 2006—2026, Cogneve, INC. Made with <3 in Amsterdam."
39,2026-05-29,"Bitcoin’s market cap has dropped below $1.5 trillion, pushing it out of the world’s top 10 assets amid AI stock and precious metal rallies.
Bitcoin’s (BTC) latest drawdown to $72,000 has coincided with a sharp drop in its market capitalization, pushing it out of the global top 10 assets by market cap.
Key takeaways:
Bitcoin’s price has dropped sharply from around $83,000 in early May to as low as $72,400 on Thursday. This was accompanied by a fall in its market capitalization to $1.45 trillion from $1.66 trillion.

Bitcoin market cap, USD. Source: Cointelegraph/TradingView
As a result, the leading cryptocurrency has slipped out of the world’s top 10 assets by market cap, ranking thirteenth globally. 
Related: Bitcoin’s major holders halt buys as demand slows: CryptoQuant
Bitcoin is now below Saudi Aramco, Tesla and Meta Platforms, reflecting a broader rotation of capital away from crypto amid strong performance in AI-driven stocks and precious metals.

Top global assets by market cap. Source: Companiesmarketcap.com
The recent BTC price decline comes amid fresh geopolitical tensions and growing macroeconomic uncertainties, coinciding with a rally in precious metals to historical highs, showing increasing demand for traditional safe-haven assets.
Gold surged to an all-time high of $5,600 per ounce in January before easing back to around $4,486, while silver climbed as high as $120 per ounce and now trades near $76. 
These rallies in metals pushed gold and silver to become the world’s largest and fifth-largest assets by market cap, respectively, as shown in the table above.
Artificial intelligence and semiconductor stocks have also significantly outperformed Bitcoin in 2026, with companies such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) and Broadcom (AVGO) overtaking BTC in market cap. 
Meanwhile, Micron Technology recently crossed the $1 trillion valuation mark amid the ongoing AI and semiconductor-driven rally.
“Things are starting to look scary,” 0xMarioNawfal said in a Thursday X post, referring to Bitcoin’s current position in global rankings.
Fellow analyst Manly had a contrary view, saying that the drop doesn’t change Bitcoin’s scarcity as a long-term bullish factor, while  Fexir said, 
Bitcoin’s realized price, average cost basis of all coins in circulation, is about to print a “death cross,”  indicating waning momentum, according to analyst Axel Adler Jr.
The chart below shows that Bitcoin is showing signs of exhaustion with a pending dead cross between its realized price and the 365-day moving average. 
The last time the indicator produced this bearish crossover was in the middle of the 2022 bear market, preceding a 52% decline to $15,500 from $69,000. The losses were also 52% during the 2018 macro drawdown.

Bitcoin realized price with a pending “death cross.” Source: AxelAdlerJr
Note that in both instances, the crossover followed a sharp drop in BTC price toward the realized price. 
Bitcoin is currently trading 35% above its realized price at $54,200. This means a 52% drop from around this level could take BTC price to the low $30,000s, an occurrence that many analysts argue is unlikely.
More on the subject
Cointelegraph is committed to providing independent, high-quality journalism across the crypto, blockchain, AI, and fintech industries.
All news, reviews, and analyses are produced with full journalistic independence and integrity. For more details on our standards and processes, please read our Editorial Policy."
40,2026-05-29,"What are you up to this weekend? My friend is throwing his 50th birthday party in a garden, and I’m planning to wear this floral dress or striped dress.… Read more 
The post Have a Fun Weekend. appeared first on Cup of Jo."
41,2026-05-29,"Published May 29, 2026 at 3:01 p.m. ET
Share
Published May 29, 2026 at 3:01 p.m. ET
Share
 Make your contribution now and help Gothamist thrive in 2026.  Donate today 
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
Good Friday afternoon in New York, where state lawmakers finally got their paychecks.
Here's what else is happening:
Tagged
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
Gothamist is funded by sponsors and member donations
 MORE news
Officials say Abel Sencion, 34, attacked the officer late Wednesday for no apparent reason.
Published May 29, 2026 at 4:24 p.m. ET
If approved, the extension of the current rates would run from April 1, 2027 to March 31, 2028.
If approved, the extension of the current rates would run from April 1, 2027 to March 31, 2028.
 Catch up on the most important headlines with a roundup of essential NYC stories, delivered to your inbox daily. 
Gothamist is a website about New York City news, arts, events and food, brought to you by New York Public Radio."
42,2026-05-29,"""It's quite the squeeze we are seeing, and it's unlike anything we've seen before.""
Earlier this week, Valve announced a steep price increase for its Steam Deck OLED models. In the UK, would-be-buyers saw a rise of over £200 for the company's chunkier 1TB Steam Deck OLED model, which increased from £569 to £779. Its lower-tier 512GB Steam Deck OLED model, meanwhile, increased by £170. Its price rose from £479 to £649.
Much like other companies which have similarly announced price increases for their own hardware such as Sony and Nintendo, Valve cited the rising cost of RAM and storage shortages as the reason for its decision. ""These new prices reflect the current state of component costs and other global logistical challenges across the industry as a whole,"" Valve said. The Steam Deck itself remains the same.
But what does this mean for the Steam Machine, Valve's yet-to-be-released console/PC hybrid, which will be able to run PC games on a television or as a normal gaming computer. Valve still hasn't put a price on the Steam Machine, though in November said it would be ""more in line with what you might expect from [the] current PC market"". However, the PC market is getting more expensive, probably even as I write.
Speaking with Eurogamer, analyst Mat Piscatella noted that the pricing and availability issues surrounding component parts, particularly in RAM and storage, ""are exceptionally fast moving at the moment"", so it would be hard to give a definitive answer on how much Valve could potentially sell the Steam Machine for. ""My guess (and really, everything here is more or less a guess at the moment given how chaotically this market is moving) is that yesterday's increase in Steam Deck prices signals that we'll likely be seeing four digit pricing for the Steam Machines, when (or if, as the case may be) pricing and launch timing are announced,"" Piscatella said. ""However, my confidence in this estimate is not high. If forced, I'd say that I'm assuming a $1,200 US launch price for the base version of Steam Machine at the moment.""
That being said though, Piscatella added he ""would not be surprised at all should the actual price be significantly higher or even somewhat lower"" than that. ""This market is not behaving normally, meaning that there are several external forces impacting it that do not allow for high confidence forecasting,"" he continued. ""We're more in the area of prophecy when it comes to this kind of thing, and my crystal ball has not been working all that well all year.
""I don't think the potential for price increases impacting video game hardware stops at Valve, of course. We could see other price rises across both PC and Console products, depending on what happens in the macro environment.""
Piscatella addressed the current cost of living crisis. ""This is coming at a time with rising prices in everyday spending categories such as food and fuel,"" he said in closing. ""As consumers shift more of their spending power to those everyday essentials, less tends to be available for discretionary categories like video games. It's quite the squeeze we are seeing, and it's unlike anything we've seen before.""
Chris Dring of The Game Business similarly observed that the current component price crisis is ""a real problem for the entire video game sector"", and neither PC or consoles are safe from the shortages, which means when it comes to Valve's Steam Machine pricing, he isn't feeling particularly positive.
""In an economy where families are squeezed, the price of these devices will likely impact the growth of the entire market and those operating within, certainly outside of mobile,"" Dring told Eurogamer. ""It could result in the extension of this generation as big companies wait out the situation. Another big issue is for those whose consoles or Steam Decks break down and need replacing. Will they be able to afford it?""
With some major video game releases still expected this year, namely Grand Theft Auto 6, this should be ""a banner year"" for consoles, Dring continued. ""Although not relevant to the Steam Deck, GTA 6 is likely to attract an audience of new and lapsed players, and they're in for a shock when they look at the price of the machines needed to play it,"" he said.
""It's possible this could provide a brief boost to game streaming as a means to access games without the upfront hardware cost. But even this sector isn't immune to the cost increases.""
For more on this subject, be sure to check out Bertie's feature: ""It's a perfect storm of unpreparedness, panic, and greed"" - RAM prices are soaring, so what does it mean for gaming?

        Sign in and unlock a world of features
      

        Get access to commenting, personalised reading recommendations, newsletters, and more!
      
© 2026 Eurogamer.net  a brand of IGN Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved. 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission. Eurogamer is a registered trademark of Gamer Network Limited."
43,2026-05-29,
44,2026-05-29,"Paxos Securities Settlement Company, LLC (PSSC) has received full registration to provide clearing and settlement services by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Stablecoin issuer Paxos said the regulatory milestone makes its subsidiary the first blockchain firm authorized to operate as a central securities depository (CSD) for traditional equities in the U.S., positioning it alongside legacy post-trade frameworks like the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC).
The approval clears a bottleneck for Paxos’ goals for institutional tokenization of real-world assets (RWAs), providing market participants with a pipeline to clear and settle digital asset trades involving traditional equities, per SEC’s response to Paxos on March 11.
Paxos, which already holds licenses from the OCC in the U.S., Singapore's MAS, and Europe's FIN-FSA. said the central clearinghouse designation also allows it to bundle regulated stock clearing with its existing white-label infrastructure tools used by PayPal and Mastercard.
The SEC first granted Paxos no-action relief in 2019, allowing the firm to develop a live settlement pilot in February 2020, which allowed it to integrate traditional finance (TradFi) giants such Bank of America, Credit Suisse and Societe Generale to clear daily U.S. equities transitions.
Paxo’s newly registered status enables it to bypass legacy settlement infrastructure entirely. With blockchain as the clearing rail, PSSC can settle eligible securities on a same-day or nearly instantly, eliminating the traditional settlement window and freeing up locked capital for institutional participants.
In traditional capital markets, stock trades execute in milliseconds, but final settlement, the actual exchange of cash for legal asset ownership, is processed through a centralized clearing house, typically, the DTCC.
While the U.S. equity markets transitioned to a T+1 (one business day) standard settlement cycle in 2024, legacy financial plumbing continues to be restrained to structural delays, trapped collateral and counterparty risks.

More For You
JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon criticized Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong and warned the current CLARITY Act framework could ultimately fail, as banks and crypto firms clash over whether stablecoin issuers should be allowed to offer yield-bearing rewards that resemble bank deposits.
What to know: 
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
45,2026-05-29,"Impax Asset Management, an investment management firm based in London, specializing in sustainable investing, released its first-quarter 2026 investor letter..."
46,2026-05-29,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
9 hours ago

Meta has had a fair amount of success in the smart glasses market. As companies like Google and Samsung try to catch up, Meta appears poised to expand its footprint. The social media giant could be getting ready to launch a new line of AI glasses.
Don’t want to miss the best from Android Authority?
Recently published Federal Communications Commission (FCC) filings (via Lowpass) reveal that Meta is working on a set of new AI glasses. According to the documents, these glasses carry the model numbers G4QM, G4QR, G4QB, and G4QS. This FCC application suggests it may not be long before we see these glasses.
Something that’s worth pointing out is that this paperwork was filed by Meta. That’s the first time Meta has done this since the Meta Ray-Ban Display glasses. Outside of that exception, previous applications were handled by EssilorLuxottica, Meta’s smart glasses partner.
This could suggest that Meta has partnered with another brand. Another possibility is that this is a new line of AI glasses specifically under the Meta umbrella. Unfortunately, we’ll have to wait to find out the truth.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
47,2026-05-29,"Ferrari CEO Benedetto Vigna defended the $640,000 price tag of the luxury automaker’s first EV on Thursday, emphasizing the model’s innovation and strong customer demand. Despite the CEO’s positivity, the electric vehicle has been slammed by Ferrari fans and investors alike.
CNBC reports that Ferrari Chief Executive Benedetto Vigna defended the 550,000-euro price tag, approximately 640,000 dollars, of the luxury automaker’s first fully electric vehicle on Thursday, emphasizing the model’s innovation and strong customer demand. The comments came during a round table discussion in Modena, Italy, as the company seeks to address concerns following a sharp market reaction to the vehicle’s unveiling.
The Luce, Ferrari’s first EV model, was revealed on Monday in Rome. The launch triggered a significant negative response from investors, with the company’s Milan-listed stock dropping eight percent on Tuesday.
Speaking at the event, Vigna argued that the cost of the new Luce model represented a fair price for the innovation it delivers. He addressed concerns that media coverage might lead observers to believe Ferrari would replace traditional engines entirely with electric versions, clarifying that this was not the company’s intention.
“You have to see Luce to understand that it has nothing to do with Chinese EVs or those by other brands,” Vigna said, according to Reuters. The CEO highlighted that the vehicle has attracted strong customer interest, including from new super-wealthy clients. Earlier in the week, Vigna described the launch as a very important day for the company, symbolizing the opening of a new chapter in Ferrari’s history.
When questioned about satisfying both new customers and the company’s traditional clientele, Vigna told CNBC that introducing new technology requires respect. “Respect of the technology, because when you have a new technology, you need to make sure that that technology is properly represented in the design, so the design must be different,” he explained.
Despite Vigna’s claims, the Luce’s design has been heavily criticized by Ferrari fans who compare it to the Nissan Leaf, amongst other low price EVs.
Breitbart News previously reported that the Luce received harsh criticism from legendary former Ferrari Chairman Luca di Montezemolo:
Shares of Ferrari have fallen five percent in morning trading, with Ferrari fans rejecting the car for its looks and EV powertrain. One critic is Ferrari’s legendary former Chairman, Luca Cordero di Montezemolo. When reporters asked Montezemolo what he thought about the Luce EV, he said in Italian, “If I said what I really think, I’d harm Ferrari.” Monezemolo added that Ferrari is “risking the destruction of a myth,” before adding, “I hope they at least remove the Prancing Horse from that car.”
Ferrari declined to comment on Montezemolo’s remarks. Montezemolo joined the board of rival McLaren Group Holdings Limited last year. McLaren produces competing sports cars and has focused on hybrid engines, and also competes with Ferrari in Formula 1.
Italian Deputy Prime Minister and Transport Minister Matteo Salvini also voiced criticism of the Luce. “Electric, outrageously expensive (550 thousand euros!) and, from an aesthetic point of view, it speaks for itself… It looks like anything but a car from the Prancing Horse. And this is supposed to be ‘innovation’? Who knows what [Ferrari founder] Enzo Ferrari would say…,” he wrote on X.
Read more at CNBC here.
Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of AI, free speech, and online censorship.
Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.
  
 
 








Copyright © 2026 Breitbart"
48,2026-05-29,"
TMax 400 came into the world in 1986, at the same time as its slower speed brother. You can think of them as near identical twins, in fact. Since its introduction, TMax 400 has helped define a whole new generation of black and white films with its tabular grain structure, high resolution, and sharp image details. 
Like TMax 100, TMax 400 uses a tabular grain structure that allows the silver crystals in the film emulsion to have more light-catching surface area without necessarily being larger in grain size. In addition, the film grains themselves are arranged in a smoother pattern, so even as the grain of the film necessarily has to get a bit larger to accommodate the faster speed, the smoother pattern means the human eye notices the increased grain size less. All of this works to create a very smooth looking film in both of the TMax emulsions.
Along with the smooth, fine grain, TMax 400 also boasts excellent sharpness and extremely high resolution. TMax 400 actually has the same 200 lines/mm resolving power as its slower counterpart! That is a pretty amazing accomplishment. 
The film is faster, and thus grainier, but it resolves just as well as a film two stops slower than it. So even if you are shooting it in 35mm, you can expect your images to have plenty of fine detail and will likely be held back only by the limitations of your lens and not the capabilities of your film.
Along with those aforementioned qualities there are a couple of other things TMax 400 does that you should know about. First off, it pushes up to ISO 1600 really well. Yes, you can expect increased grain and contrast, but the film is quite capable of stepping up when needed and nicely fills the speed gap between it and the ultra-high speed TMax P3200 (which itself can be shot quite nicely as low as ISO 800).  
In other words, if you have a roll of TMax 100, TMax 400, and TMax P3200 in your camera bag, you could handle any situation requiring film speeds between ISO 25 to 12,800 just through pushing and pulling of one of these three films. That is an incredible range of versatility that should not be overlooked. Break out of that box speed mentality!
Furthermore, TMax 400 comports itself quite admirably in the reciprocity failure department making it a very strong choice for long exposures. Per Kodak’s data sheets, you need to kick in 1/3 of a stop of extra exposure starting at 10 seconds. Put another way, you could forego any reciprocity compensation for up to 10 second exposures and not see any detrimental impact on your final images.  
After 10 seconds, the film starts to need a bit of extra help and by the time you reach 100 seconds (roughly a minute and a half) you should be adding 1.5 stops. So that 100 second exposure becomes a 300 second exposure (five minutes). While not great, this is not bad either. Many films hit that +1 stop extra exposure needed benchmark much sooner than TMax 400 does.
And that is our pitch for TMax 400. TMax 400 is a great carry-around film that will allow you to handle most lighting conditions you will encounter, all the while giving you really smooth, sharp and detailed images.  We sometimes like to bemoan the death of certain films and talk about favorite film stocks of yore that are no longer with us, but the truth is, we have some really amazing film stocks still available right now on the market that we should be using more than we already do. TMax 400 is one of those films. Overlook it no longer!
If you pay a visit to our online shop today, or our brick and mortar store in Portland, Oregon if you are lucky enough to live nearby, you will find TMax 400 discounted and on sale for today only. How is that some incentive to pick up a roll? (Sorry, we are keeping Ektapan 400 out of this week’s feature.)
And if you are new to our Film Friday series and wondering just what the heck it is, well let us quickly tell you! Every week we take a different film in our inventory and give it a feature that includes a full Film Friday review done by us, plenty of sample images and a discount to help entice you to either try it or to stock up. We started this several years ago as a means of getting away from just using the same three to five film stocks and we have since made it a point to feature practically every film we carry, no matter how esoteric. So join us weekly to see a different film and enjoy some analog inspiration!
Image credits: Zeb Andrews, Blue Moon Camera and Machine
This story is brought to you by Blue Moon Camera and Machine in Portland, OR. Blue Moon offers film, development services, printing, and even an ever rotating line of film cameras and lenses. PetaPixel Members receive 10% off all lab services with Blue Moon: Join today! 
PetaPixel is the world’s largest independent photography publication and we’re only able to continue our work with your help. Become a PetaPixel Member now and support our mission to bring you regular, high-quality reviews, features, news, and more.


Become a PetaPixel Member and access our content ad-free.
© 2026 PetaPixel Inc. All rights reserved."
49,2026-05-29,"  No fees, cancel anytime 

Log In
or

Sign Up
or


Reset your password
Enter your email address or username and we’ll send you a link to reset your password
Check your inbox
 An email with a link to reset your password was sent to the email address associated with your account 
Provide email
Please enter your email to complete registration

Activate to continue
Your account isn't active yet. We've emailed you an activation link. Please check your inbox and click the link to activate your account


The Bored Panda iOS app is live! Fight boredom with iPhones and iPads here.
 Join 1.2 million Panda readers who get the best art, memes, and fun stories every week! 
P.S. It's 100% free, unsubscribe anytime.
You're on the list! Expect to receive your first email very soon!
 Get our best stories, memes and art every week. Join a thriving community and brighten your day! 
We value your inbox – it's 100% free, and you can unsubscribe anytime with one click.
 Discover trivia, brain teasers, and quirky quizzes — fresh every week! 
We value your inbox – it's free and you can unsubscribe anytime with one click.
 29 
3
Link copied!
Share
Link copied!
Share
A Sydney mother is raising alarms about a man who took advantage of her vulnerability when she was newly single.

Last year, following the end of her 11-year marriage, Jaixi “Sissi” Wang met who she thought would be her perfect match through the dating app Bumble.
“He was in finance, six-two, without blue eyes but he has a trust fund — and he has two children,” Wang said in a viral video recounting her ordeal.
Image credits: Missing Person Sissi – 悉尼失踪人口西西 / YouTube
The baby photographer and mother of two, who was 39 at the time, was looking for someone “mature in age”—a box that her 50-year-old flame also ticked.
Having “almost no dating experience at that time,” she couldn’t contain her excitement when she read the man’s first message, “Pleasure to connect with you. Stunning pics btw.”
Wang and the businessman, whose name has not been revealed, instantly clicked when they met face-to-face.
Her match was “respectful” and “generous” and introduced Wang to his children, a sign that he took their relationship seriously. They even discussed plans to move in together with their children.

Image credits: Missing Person Sissi – 悉尼失踪人口西西 / YouTube
“I want to warn single women out there looking for relationships — just be careful,” Wang told news.com.au.
Three months into the relationship, her fairytale turned into a nightmare.
The businessman suddenly stopped wanting to see Wang, telling his girlfriend that he was “busy” with family, work, and religious commitments.
To make up for the lack of dates, he appeared to be very attentive online, sending her many messages, including kissy-face emojis, pictures of his children, and photos showcasing his lavish lifestyle.
Image credits: Missing Person Sissi – 悉尼失踪人口西西 / YouTube
“He would say good morning to me every morning, sometimes good night at night, and ask me how I’m doing at noon,” the woman recalled.
One day, he asked Wang for money for an “investment project.” He framed the proposal as a sign that their relationship was strong enough for them to make financial decisions together.
The businessman asked Wang for AUD $30,000 (about USD $21,500) with the promise of a 33% return. The mother initially refused, thinking it odd that he would ask for money given his seemingly opulent lifestyle.
“I like to keep money and dating separate — at least until more trust being built up, if it’s OK with you?” she wrote in one WhatsApp message, per news.com.au.

Image credits: Missing Person Sissi – 悉尼失踪人口西西 / YouTube
But he insisted. “Think we can make a good fortune together that’s why I’m offering you as I like you and feel comfortable/trust with you babe … Once done let’s head off overseas together as a bonus for our deal on me babe.” 
Eventually, Wang went against her instincts and sent the money in four installments over a period of weeks.
Wang never saw her money again.
“Maybe I’m too naive,” she said. “I thought I had carefully selected, I set so many boundaries for myself, but I still met a scammer.
“Scammers use anything and everything to gain your trust for your money, including their own children.” 

Image credits: Missing Person Sissi – 悉尼失踪人口西西 / YouTube
The man sent Wang purported messages from a financial institution indicating that the transfer had been unsuccessful.
One such message said the money “has been withdrawal [sic] and released I will have a trace on this trail to see what’s caused delay on funding exit side.”
On October 23, 2025, the Sydney-based photographer reported the incident to the police.


When Wang threatened to expose him on social media, the man sent a purported letter from a lawyer accusing her of “tarnishing” his reputation.
“Please immediately refrain from slandering my client as a form of deformation [sic] and deformation of character as well false accusations, attempt to tarnish reputation by way of contact without consent and making false statements about my client to date onto others with any no [sic] consent or authority,” the message read. 
Image credits: Darron Levin/LinkedIn
The man has not been charged over the alleged scam. Wang, who said she has not been paid back, suggested that there is “no solid evidence” to arrest him.
She also claimed that the man has scammed many more women over the past two decades, including one who lost $150,000 ($107,600).
“Unfortunately, this man is still on the dating pool,” the mother of two said in a video last week.
“What scares me the most is realizing that these people are not hiding somewhere overseas behind fake profiles. He lives here in Sydney. He has a real job, a real office, real friends, real social circles, and real children.”

Image credits: missing_person_sissi/Instagram


Wang warned people not to let their guard down, even if all signs point to the person they love being trustworthy.
“These scams are not about intelligence. They are about trust, empathy, and our natural belief that people who appear normal in real life must be safe.”
New South Wales Police confirmed that in March 2026, an investigation had been launched “following reports of an alleged online scam in the West Pennant Hills area.”
Image credits: fizkes/Adobe Stock (Not the actual photo)
“Police were told a 40-year-old woman transferred cash to a man she met online between May 2025 and June 2025,” a spokesman said.
Authorities urge anyone with information about the incident to contact Crime Stoppers at 1800 333 000.
According to the NSW government scam website, it’s common for scammers to gain their victim’s trust over a long period of time before trying to convince them to invest in the stock market, cryptocurrencies, or foreign currency—a scam method known as “pig butchering.”

Image credits: Miha Creative/Adobe Stock (Not the actual photo)
“Scammers demonstrate their lavish lifestyles and discuss their bank or crypto balances throughout months of friendship in the hope of being asked for advice or tips on how they too can generate such wealth,” authorities warn.
“After investing, the victim may receive fake balances in apps, websites, or statements showing their money’s growth, which often encourages the victim to invest more money.”

ScamWatch notes that scammers often target victims they perceive as vulnerable. This includes people who are recently single, have recently lost a loved one, feel lonely, or are going through a major life change. Scammers often contact their victims through dating apps.
“I’m speaking up for the other victims. If justice couldn’t hold him accountable, then we’ll find another way to warn and protect the women who may come after us,” Wang wrote on social media.





















By entering your email and clicking Subscribe, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Privacy Policy. 
Thank you! You've successfully subscribed to newsletters!
 Follow us on Flipboard.com/@boredpanda! 
  
 29 
3
 29 
3
Link copied!
Share
Link copied!
Share
 Writer,  Entertainment News Writer 
 With a degree in social science and a love for culture, I approach entertainment journalism at Bored Panda with a research-driven mindset. I write about celebrity news, Hollywood highlights, and viral stories that spark curiosity worldwide.
My work has reached millions of readers and is recognized for balancing accuracy with an engaging voice. I believe that pop culture isn’t just entertainment, it reflects the social conversations shaping our time. 
 Writer,  Entertainment News Writer 
 With a degree in social science and a love for culture, I approach entertainment journalism at Bored Panda with a research-driven mindset. I write about celebrity news, Hollywood highlights, and viral stories that spark curiosity worldwide.
My work has reached millions of readers and is recognized for balancing accuracy with an engaging voice. I believe that pop culture isn’t just entertainment, it reflects the social conversations shaping our time. 
If someone you meet online asks you for money, end the relationship, simple as that. If you've actually met them in person, this is even more brazen; but money shouldn't come into it unless you've researched them thoroughly and seen where they live - and if they demur on either of those, run. I wouldn't give anyone money without at least having s3x at their place a few times and confirming that they are who they say they are. Certainly not going to happen within the first year - any requests sooner than that, run.
I feel for her but when I was dating in the 90s we knew not to give guys money if you hadn't known them for five years. Zeesh.
First of all.........
If someone you meet online asks you for money, end the relationship, simple as that. If you've actually met them in person, this is even more brazen; but money shouldn't come into it unless you've researched them thoroughly and seen where they live - and if they demur on either of those, run. I wouldn't give anyone money without at least having s3x at their place a few times and confirming that they are who they say they are. Certainly not going to happen within the first year - any requests sooner than that, run.
I feel for her but when I was dating in the 90s we knew not to give guys money if you hadn't known them for five years. Zeesh.
First of all.........

 1comment 27 points 
 1comment 26 points 
 1comment 28 points "
50,2026-05-29,"Dispatches from EVE FanFest
The impact of generative AI upon PC gaming has proven controversial, which is my balanced journalist way of saying it’s been horrible. Players are widely repulsed by genAI material, developers and even some publishers are increasingly wary of its temptations, and in a rush to build the requisite infrastructure, component shortages have ravaged the hardware market. Nonetheless, EVE Online devs Fenris Creations – formerly CCP Games – have become dead keen on robot brains, and what they might be might be able to think up for EVE itself.
Earlier this month, a newly independent Fenris announced a ""research partnership"" with Google DeepMind, the search giant’s AI research division, that would see DeepMind take a minority stake in the company while training its AI agents on a separate, offline version of the longstanding space MMO. Days later, Fenris CEO Hilmar Veigar Pétursson sat onstage with DeepMind co-founder Adrian Bolton at the annual EVE FanFest conference to discuss the partnership, in a presentation that left the concrete plans of what it means for EVE still broadly vague – yet seemingly against the run of wider sentiment, escaped any significant backlash from the game’s historically outspoken playerbase.
Much of the talk concerned DeepMind’s past work with games, including its Grandmaster-ranked StarCraft 2 bot and the use of 50 different points-based Atari games to effectively grade how a particular agent is learning. The simulated 3D movement in many games also, Bolton noted, has applications in self-driving car tech (though given the orbital maneuvering of EVE Online’s ship combat, I imagine this won’t be a focus here. Unless they want to teach driving around a really big roundabout). There were also some pre-emptive rebuttals to the notion, expressed by nobody in particular, that the training of machine-learned AI 'players' would kill off interest in multiplayer games, Pétursson citing chess’ lack of obsolescence after the Deep Blue supercomputer beat Garry Kasparov in 1997.
Lots about what EVE can do for DeepMind, then, but not much on what DeepMind can do for EVE. It wasn’t until an audience Q&A broke out that hints of game-specific applications began to emerge, the first of which was potentially using AI ""coaching agents"" to straighten out what players and devs alike call EVE’s ""spaghetti code"". That's the decades-old codebase that years of tweaking and staff turnover have twisted into dense, unknowable knots, complete with uniquely bizarre quirks. Many of the 1s and 0s governing EVE’s most fundamental functions are, for instance, still tied up in old code for Player-Owned Structures (POS), an abandoned space station mechanic that Fenris have been unsuccessfully trying to amputate for years.
""Coaching agents have been extremely helpful in identifying issues in our codebase,"" Pétursson explained. ""Because our codebase has now been written over 30 years, a lot of the context of the code is lost, because people have moved on or forgotten what they were doing at the time, and everything is always poorly documented... and coding agents are extremely helpful, in that we found a lot of memory issues, and we know increasingly they're finding security issues. So, I would say yes, they, they are definitely assisting with repairing and replacing the speculative code. That is already happening. It's mostly humans that actually do the replacement, but the discovery of where the problem areas are, that's definitely already occurring.""
A more visible possibility would be building on the game’s existing proc-gen systems by adding genAI features to existing mission-giving NPCs – incidentally called Agents – in a change that Pétursson felt would make these characters ""more alive.""
""The system that does most of the Agent missions was written 24 years ago, and there’s a lot sleeping there,"" he told the FanFest crowd, adding that the original procedural generation tech was never particularly sophisticated despite being advanced for its time. ""The fact that you are, in EVE, doing a mission for an Agent, it's almost like the narrative itself fits very nicely. So all these elements of making EVE feel more alive, I think, are very exciting things to explore.""
For me, peering down at the talk from a darkened balcony like a joyless bat, it was hard not to recall the multiple reported cases of AI coding helpers deleting entire databases and/or knocking out Amazon Web Services. Or the conversation-cycling, uncomfortably dead-eyed spectacle of Nvidia’s experiments with genAI NPCs. If there was anyone else at FanFest who shared my worries, however, they weren’t making themselves known. Pétursson and Bolton left the stage to the same enthusiastic applause that met the Cradle of War expansion announcement, the Harpa concert hall’s seats slowly emptying from what looked close to a full house.
I don’t mention this as a criticism. I probably like EVE players more than I like EVE, as every fascinating story of industrial sabotage and economic warfare that comes out of this singular MMO is driven by the participants far more actively than the game itself. There’s also something endearing about the community’s long history of civil disobedience: the launch of expensive microtransations in 2011 (and Fenris/CCP internally publishing a stultifyingly tone-deaf magazine with the cover headline of ""Greed is Good?"") sparked massive in-game protests, including the formation of vast spaceship conga line around a key trading system. In 2022, CCP’s attempt to sell a fully kitted ship, bundled with skill upgrades – breaking another monetisation taboo – prompted players and streamers to enact a ‘blackout’ campaign that, like a decade prior, ended with the offending items being taken off sale.
There were no signs of such discontent with the DeepMind deal at FanFest 2026. The question on whether AI could help fix the POS spaghetti code was submitted not as a joke, but because players genuinely want solutions to it. Far from a purely dev-side headache, pasta programming has been a longtime concern of players who feel it’s holding EVE Online back. And it’s not just those who ponied up for a ticket to Iceland – a similar comment on POS sits atop the EVE Online subreddit’s comment thread for the original Fenris/DeepMind announcement. Scroll further down, in fact, and there’s very little negative sentiment on AI integration at all, reactions varying between curious and disinterested but never veering into hostility.
FanFest attendees appeared happy to occupy the same spectrum. Mercfromabove, a fleet commander and shipbuilder for the powerful OnlyFleets alliance, was excited for the deal and its potential impact on EVE (though a voice recorder failure meant his exact words are lost to time, perhaps a cosmic punishment for me ambushing him with it). Dylana Aivo, 10-year EVE veteran who now runs training programmes for new players, felt Fenris and Google ""maybe"" hadn’t adequately explained what the partnership would entail for the game, but was content to watch it pan out.
""I was kind of surprised when I first heard about it,"" she told me in a post-FanFest email. ""I didn’t know much about DeepMind (and still don’t), but I think it would be interesting to see how they use it. This game has so much focus on involvement of real people with the economy, PVP content, etc. So I feel like there could be a lot of opportunity for AI while still keeping the spirit of the game.""
shutupandshave, a former CEO of mercenary megacorp Black Omega Security (though best known from his days as a musical propagandist for the infamous Goonswarm), is only slightly more anxious. ""Let's not let the AIs on, because they'll absolutely destroy us!"" he laughed. ""But I think it's really interesting. I think we've got some really, really unique data in EVE.""
""I will say my initial reaction was 'Oh no, don't train anybody on the stuff that goes on in EVE,' y'know? This is like distilled Lord of the Flies, almost. And I don’t want any AI training on that! But CCP, traditionally, have partnered with quite serious players, and I can’t really think of any examples where it’s not made CCP better. So, go for it.""
shutupandshave – or 'Uncle SUAS' to fans of his tunes – recalled when Fenris/CCP teamed up with IBM to mend EVE Online’s then-shonky server infrastructure, as one such example of fruitfully making pals with Big Tech. EVE is also experimenting with a GPT-style tutorial chatbot, Aura Guidance, which is currently being trialled with a select few players. This technically uses AI, and predates the Google deal, though Fenris executive producer Snorri Árnason claims it doesn’t count as generative AI because it doesn’t generate anything – it only aggregates answers from existing tutorial materials. By all accounts, it’s been quietly welcomed.
Other, more recent adventures have been altogether less well-received; see the instantly wilted reaction to blockchain-entangled survival spinoff EVE Frontier when it was revealed in 2024. The DeepMind partnership, however, appears to have either delayed a backlash or dodged it entirely. For all the growing cynicism around AI use in games, from players and developers alike, EVE’s most dedicated players are at least willing to wait and see what happens.
According to Fenris community manager Peter 'FC Swift' Farrell, this doesn’t mean the game’s enthusiasts have lost their bite. ""So EVE players... if I can speak freely, they have the biggest bullshit detectors on the planet,"" Farrell told me, speaking freely. ""Like, if you give them some sort of PR, saying-something-without-saying-something-speak, they will just immediately turn off to it.""
Farrell doesn’t share Dylana’s view that the implications of the partnership are unclear. ""The Google DeepMind people have been really great at talking to the players about what this partnership means, about what the research entails,"" he said. ""It's not like oh, it's going to take over and recreate the art of EVE using some AI image generations or something. It was a research type of thing, and Google DeepMind have been doing stuff with games for a long time.
""They've got this huge, proven track record of approaching this in a very sane way, in a very respectful way of the product, and in how they approach things. I think when players saw this, they kind of looked into DeepMind a little bit more, and they could see that a lot of these guys have been doing stuff with games for so long, right? They did stuff with Starcraft, they've done stuff with Go, just their general approach to everything.""
Farrell added that Google have been proactive in responding to concerns, when they are expressed, over potential genAI overreach. ""Players are curious about it, they want to know what this means, and there is probably some cautious scepticism in there as well,"" he continued. ""But so far, there's no red flags that we've seen from them. And credit to the Google DeepMind people, as they're watching this as well, because they want to make sure that they're treating this with the respect and reverence that EVE Online has earned over the last 23 years. So if anything pops up, they're quick to go out and be like 'Yep, this is not what we're doing. We're doing this type of thing. Here's how we're doing it. Here's what we've done with other games.' And just pointing people in that direction.""
For now, it appears Fenris and DeepMind have done enough to convince EVE players to at least let them have a crack at making AI-powered changes. Which, to be fair, does involve the potential of addressing some of this community’s longest-lived complaints; if a coding agent really does manage to untangle that spaghetti, one can imagine even the most black-hearted of New Eden’s corporate murderers sending a nice hydrangea bouquet to Adrian Bolton’s house.
Still, it’s unlikely that the two companies inked a deal, allegedly worth millions, to clean up a codebase. And outside of a handful of examples, it remains unclear what a DeepMinded EVE Online will eventually look from the ground (er, space) level. Whatever’s in it for Fenris, it’s presumably worth the optics of joining with a company involved in very real warfare, its staff having recently begun unionisation proceedings in part to protest deals with the US and Israeli militaries.
Ironically, being able to work on a space MMO – even one with as much virtual backstabbing as EVE – might be just what dissatisfied DeepMind staff would like instead. Pretty much everyone else involved sounds willing, anyway.

Eve Online


        Mac, PC
    

        Rock Paper Shotgun is better when you sign in
      

        Sign in and join us on our journey to discover strange and compelling PC games.
      


The best space games on PC                    



What are we all playing this weekend?                    



The best multiplayer games on PC in 2026                    



EVE Online dev CCP's blockchain ""survival experience"" Project Awakening is getting a closed playtest in May                    



The 10 best MMOs and MMORPGs                    



Project Awakening is born from EVE Online’s fragility - so it's turning to the blockchain                    



Why CCP haven't stopped trying to make an EVE Online shooter for 15 years                    



AMD FSR 3 is out now in Forspoken and Immortals of Aveum, inbound to EVE Online                    

© 2026 Rock Paper Shotgun, an IGN Entertainment, Inc. brand. 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. All rights reserved. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission. Rock Paper Shotgun is a registered trademark of Gamer Network Limited, an affiliate of IGN Entertainment, Inc."
51,2026-05-29,"
Meta’s Ray-Ban smart glasses sold over 7 million units in 2025, a number that would have seemed improbable two years earlier when the category barely existed outside enterprise pilots and conference demos. Google confirmed its own entry at I/O 2026, with Gemini-powered frames and eyewear partnerships with Warby Parker and Gentle Monster already in place. The market Apple is entering has already been legitimized by its competitors, which is an unusual position for a company that typically defines the categories it enters. All of that makes the N50, Apple’s first smart glasses, feel like a response to a race that started without it. The honest version of that story includes the fact that Apple’s engineers were busy building something else entirely.
The N50 is the product that absorbed the engineering resources originally aimed at a Vision Pro sequel. Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman confirmed in May that no headset successor is in active development, and that the Vision Air, a cheaper model codenamed N100, was canceled last year to redirect talent toward smart glasses. Apple restructured the Vision Products Group, splitting engineers across hardware and software divisions, with many redeployed to the glasses program, to Siri, and to camera-equipped AirPods. The glasses carry cameras, microphones, speakers, and Apple Intelligence inside a conventional eyeglass frame with no display, no pass-through video, and no external battery, functioning as an iPhone accessory in the same way AirPods or Apple Watch do. A late 2026 reveal and 2027 commercial launch is the expected window, with analyst Ming-Chi Kuo projecting 3 to 5 million units shipped in the first year.
Designer: Oleh Koval






Four frame styles are in testing, two rectangular and two oval, built in premium acetate with colorways including black, ocean blue, and light brown (the images shown here are just a concept mocked up by designer Oleh Koval back in 2018). Apple initially experimented with embedding electronics into established eyewear brand frames, similar to Meta’s EssilorLuxottica arrangement for the Ray-Ban lineup, before moving toward designing its own frames in multiple sizes. Meta’s partnership gave the smart glasses category immediate cultural legitimacy because Wayfarers were already objects people wanted on their faces before any chip was inside them. Apple is betting its own design language in premium acetate can carry the same weight without borrowed heritage. Whether that holds against consumers who have already spent two years wearing Ray-Ban Metas is the sharpest design question the N50 faces at launch.

Two cameras are planned inside the frame: a high-resolution sensor for photos and video, and a second dedicated to computer vision tasks, helping the device read its environment and measure spatial relationships between objects. The N401, a custom chip derived from Apple Watch silicon, handles the compute with a design emphasis on ultra-low power draw, targeting a total frame weight below 50 grams. That weight target is the industrial design achievement the whole product depends on. A sub-50 gram device sits within the weight range of premium optical frames, which means the person wearing it makes a fashion decision first and a technology decision second. That ordering is exactly what the smart glasses category has needed to move beyond enthusiast territory into genuine everyday carry.






The M5 Vision Pro that arrived in October 2025 reads now as a holding action rather than a product commitment. The chip swap kept the SKU alive but left the device’s foundational problems untouched: 650 grams of front-heavy glass and aluminum, a mandatory external battery, and a $3,499 entry point that stranded it between developer hardware and enterprise curiosity. The Vision Air was supposed to address the weight and price simultaneously, and its cancellation signals that those two problems couldn’t be reconciled inside an enclosed headset on any timeline Apple found workable. A Vision Pro sequel won’t arrive before 2028, meaning it enters a market the N50 will have already spent a year conditioning. That sequencing is either very deliberate or very revealing, and I’d argue it’s both.

Pricing estimates cluster between $299 and $499, placing the N50 directly against the Meta Ray-Ban Gen 2. Privacy is a genuine competitive lever here: nearly 47% of potential smart glasses buyers cite data concerns, and neither Meta nor Google carries credible on-device processing as a core value proposition. Apple’s Apple Intelligence architecture, built around local compute rather than cloud offload, gives the company a story neither competitor can cleanly replicate. A second-generation model with an in-lens display is reportedly expected as early as 2028, which is also the window when enclosed headset technology might finally be miniaturized enough to make a Vision Pro sequel viable. The N50, by that reading, is the product Apple had to build before it could build the one it always imagined.

Orbitkey’s design story has always revolved around everyday friction, the loose keys in a pocket, the tangled cable in a bag, the small desktop essentials…
Bench vises have long been built around one assumption: the work stays put, and the maker adapts. AxiGlide inverts that. With full 360-degree rotation paired…
The power of creating your own products and tools seems even more relevant, in a time of general scarcity. 3Dsimo’s taken it upon themselves to…
Robots and AI assistants grab headlines, but the technology that actually changes daily routines lives in outlets, doorways, and kitchen counters. Global Connect’s January 5th…
Our bedroom is our haven, our safe space, to which we rush after a bad day at work, or simply a bad day in general!…
Let’s face it: technology is so deeply woven into our daily routines that even our jokes and fashion choices pay tribute to the digital world….
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
52,2026-05-29,"
Join the club for quick access. Enter your email below and we'll send confirmation, and sign you up to our newsletter.


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest about Microsoft
Updates, launches and rumors.
Latest about AI.
AI updates, how-tos and comparisons in one place.

Explore your membership benefits.


Stay Ahead with Windows Central


Get the biggest gaming news, reviews, and releases straight to your inbox.

YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    Qualcomm unveils Snapdragon C low-end SoC for affordable Windows 11 devices
                                

                                    Windows Wrap: Microsoft’s Surface launch lands with a thud
                                

                                    Intel unveils new Arc G-Series chips designed specifically for gaming handhelds
                                
All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
Microsoft and NVIDIA just hinted at major announcements at Computex and Build 2026.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

New Surface hardware could be unveiled as soon as next week, and it looks like the potential PCs will be much more exciting than the business versions of the Surface Pro 12 and Surface Laptop 8.
Simultaneous X posts from NVIDIA and Microsoft promise ""a new era of PC."" The posts spun the rumor mill into gear, creating buzz for Computex and Microsoft Build.
We don't have any confirmation of what's on the way. Both NVIDIA and Microsoft used the same phrasing to tease the announcement, and they clearly left in clues for people to figure out.
A new era of PC. 25.0528, 121.5990May 29, 2026
A new era of PC.25.0528, 121.5990May 29, 2026
So, what would classify as ""a new era of PC?"" Microsoft's Pavan Davuluri, who leads Windows and Surface, already ruled out a new operating system version. It seems safe to say that the upcoming announcement is not about Windows 12 (which isn't confirmed to be real anyway).
The image shared by Davuluri looks like a piece of a curved display.
Something new is coming for developers. And no, it’s not a new OS version 😅. See you at Build next week! pic.twitter.com/gfY90ZyjZlMay 29, 2026
Microsoft's Build conference kicks off next week, so we won't have to wait long to find out what the hints are about. We may not even have to wait until then.
The X posts from Microsoft and NVIDIA mention ""25.0528"" and ""121.5990"" Those number aligns perfectly with the longitude and latitude of the Taipei Music Center, which is where Computex takes place. NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang will hold a keynote at the event on June 1.
The Verge speculates that the announcement could be related to NVIDIA's rumored N1 and N1X chips. VideoCardz goes ever further by sharing screenshots of a Dell embargo related to NVIDIA's N1X.
Rumors of the N1X chip have swirled for years. A leak in January suggested the processor will be a ""20‑core Arm + RTX GPU monster,"" as our Cale Hunt put it.
If rumors and leaks are accurate, NVIDIA's N1X would challenge decades of x86 dominance by introducing a powerful, high-end ARM processor to the market. That could certainly usher in a ""new era of PC.""
 



Join us on Reddit at r/WindowsCentral to share your insights and discuss our latest news, reviews, and more.
Sean Endicott is a news writer and apps editor for Windows Central with 11+ years of experience. A Nottingham Trent journalism graduate, Sean has covered the industry’s arc from the Lumia era to the launch of Windows 11 and generative AI. Having started at Thrifter, he uses his expertise in price tracking to help readers find genuine hardware value.
Beyond tech news, Sean is a UK sports media pioneer. In 2017, he became one of the first to stream via smartphone and is an expert in AP Capture systems. A tech-forward coach, he was named 2024 BAFA Youth Coach of the Year. He is focused on using technology—from AI to Clipchamp—to gain a practical edge.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
53,2026-05-29,"
Join the club for quick access. Enter your email below and we'll send confirmation, and sign you up to our newsletter.


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest about Microsoft
Updates, launches and rumors.
Latest about AI.
AI updates, how-tos and comparisons in one place.

Explore your membership benefits.


Stay Ahead with Windows Central


Get the biggest gaming news, reviews, and releases straight to your inbox.

YOUR NEXT READ:

                                    Forza Horizon 6 dev says it's still releasing Xbox's Fable ""later this year""
                                

                                    Where to find all 9 Treasure Cars in Forza Horizon 6
                                

                                    Where to get all the Barn Finds in Forza Horizon 6
                                
All the latest news, reviews, and guides for Windows and Xbox diehards.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
Forza Horizon 6 becomes the first Xbox game in three years to chart physically in Japan, highlighting a rare success story for the platform.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Forza Horizon 6 is still on a roll. This time, we've got sales data from Japan showing that the game is the first Xbox title in three years to chart physically in the region. The last Xbox game to achieve that was its predecessor, Forza Horizon 5, back in 2023, and before that, it was Final Fantasy XV in 2016.
It's quite a testament to see anything Xbox-related perform well in Japan. It's no secret that Xbox has struggled to gain any meaningful ground in the region, so I suppose it's somewhat poetic that one of its biggest successes there is a game themed entirely around Japan.
It also makes me curious whether the BowieKnife99 meme that seemingly every brand under the sun has participated in has made its way into the Japanese community, and what players over there think about it. I imagine their reaction isn't all that different from what we feel towards the rogue car.
 



The data, obtained thanks to Famitsu, shows that Forza Horizon 6 sits at number 26 in the top 30 physical games chart. That's quite impressive given how small Xbox's install base is in the region, with the platform often only selling a few hundred consoles per week, and that's assuming Xbox gets lucky.
Having played the game myself, I suppose it's no wonder that it managed to chart. Forza Horizon 6 is a fantastic racing game, and its Japan setting is stunning, with some genuinely breathtaking scenery. Despite how bad I am at racing games, I'm still having a great time with it. But that's just me.
It's always a shame how much Xbox struggles in Japan. It's not through a lack of trying; they just can't ever seem to crack the market, but at least they somewhat have here with Forza.
Anyway, what do you think about Forza Horizon 6 charting in Japan? Do you care? Are you surprised, or did you expect it? Let me know in the comments and be sure to take part in our poll!
 



Join us on Reddit at r/WindowsCentral to share your insights and discuss our latest news, reviews, and more.
Adam is a Psychology Master’s graduate passionate about gaming, community building, and digital engagement. A lifelong Xbox fan since 2001, he started with Halo: Combat Evolved and remains an avid achievement hunter. Over the years, he has engaged with several Discord communities, helping them get established and grow. Gaming has always been more than a hobby for Adam—it’s where he’s met many friends, taken on new challenges, and connected with communities that share his passion.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

Windows Central is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
54,2026-05-29,"Facing a battlefield stalemate in Ukraine and growing war fatigue among Russians, President Vladimir Putin appears ready to try to change the narrative..."
55,2026-05-29,"These days, being a gamer can be rough. With the cost of components frequently skyrocketing due to artificial intelligence demand, electronics enthusiasts are feeling the squeeze, gamers especially. Nintendo announced a price increase for the Nintendo Switch 2 at the top of May, and the Steam Deck recently returned to the market with a massive price hike. However, those interested in handheld gaming devices may want to hold off on a new purchase, as Intel has announced a series of processors designed for handheld gaming.
Announced in a press release on May 28, Intel is delivering the Arc G-Series brand of processors, which are designed specifically for handheld gaming devices. Built off the architecture of the Intel Core Ultra Series 3, the first wave of units includes the Intel Arc G3 and the Intel Arc G3 Extreme, both of which run Windows 11. Along with specs that deliver better power efficiency and performance for handhelds, Intel's new processor lineup also includes XeSS 3.
Intel plans to share more details about these processors during Computex 2026, which is taking place in Taipei, Taiwan, between June 2 and June 5. From there, consumers should expect to see the Intel Arc G-Series processors in handheld consoles starting in June, as well. More devices will continue to be revealed throughout 2026, though notable consoles first receiving the Arc G-Series include OneXPlayer, the Acer Predator Atlas 8, and the MSI Claw 8 EX AI+.
Intel's new lineup of Arc G-Series processors is built on Intel's Xe3 architecture and includes Intel Arc B390 graphics. Along with Day-0 driver support for libraries, these processors include an Xbox mode that helps deliver a full-screen experience on Windows 11 PCs that more closely replicates consoles. G-Series processors also feature Intel Precompiled Shaders that retrieve prebuilt files directly from Intel's cloud servers for speedier game launches.
Additionally, Intel touts that G-Series processors feature a logic node with two performance cores, eight efficiency cores, and four Low-Power efficiency cores. For connectivity, there's dual Bluetooth 6 and Intel Thunderbolt 4 support, including Thunderbolt Share for up to 40 Gbps bandwidth. Additionally, Intel Wi-Fi 7 R2 is also supported. XeSS 3 includes XeSS Super Resolution, which delivers AI-powered upscaling. XeSS Multi-Frame Generation, meanwhile, promises smoother gaming by adding more interpolated frames, whereas Xe Low Latency delivers faster input response times for gamers.
While this new tech may not help bring down processor costs (Intel raised the prices of its CPUs by 15% back in March), Intel may just deliver a vastly improved gaming experience that can rival AMD's silicon output. Keep in mind that it's not just CPUs facing supply issues, as SSD and graphics card prices are also soaring. Though it may not be hard to find an Android handheld that's cheaper than the Switch 2, those wanting to play games at the bleeding edge of tech may want to see what the future brings."
56,2026-05-29,"Disclosure: The author of this story owns shares in Strategy (MSTR).Strategy's perpetual preferred security, Stretch (STRC), fell as low as $97.11 on Thursday as bitcoin BTC$73.605,48 slipped to the $73,000 mark.
STRC tends to face selling pressure during bitcoin drawdowns and in the days immediately following its ex-dividend date, as seen on Nov. 20 and Feb. 5. The ex-dividend effect typically results in a price adjustment reflecting the value of the dividend, while periods of bitcoin weakness can reduce investor appetite for Strategy-related securities. Together, these factors have historically created short-term pressure on STRC's market price.
The company has structured STRC to trade near its $100 par value, as maintaining that level enables Strategy to continue issuing shares through its at-the-market (ATM) program and raise additional capital efficiently.
Strategy repurchased $1.5 billion of its 0% convertible senior notes due 2029 recently, reducing its overall debt burden. However, the buyback was funded using cash from the company's U.S. dollar reserve. Strategy's cash balance declined from approximately $2.25 billion to $871 million as a result.
Based on the company's current annual preferred dividend obligations of roughly $1.7 billion, the remaining cash reserve now provides only about six months of coverage but was initially implemented to cover the dividend obligations for 24 months. 
Executive Chairman Michael Saylor discussed several potential sources of capital that could be used to meet dividend obligations and support the balance sheet in a recent interview with CoinDesk Senior Analyst James Van Straten. These include selling bitcoin, issuing additional MSTR equity when the stock trades above a 1.22x multiple to net asset value (NAV), or raising capital through STRC issuance. Saylor emphasized that management evaluates these decisions through the lens of bitcoin per share, prioritizing actions that are accretive to shareholders.
Competing bitcoin treasury company Strive Asset Management (ASST) has taken a different approach. The company recently announced daily dividend payments for its perpetual preferred security, SATA. For the past two weeks, SATA has remained tightly anchored around its $100 par value while offering a dividend yield of approximately 13%, even during bitcoin's decline. 
Although the daily dividend mechanism has not yet been implemented, investors may view it as a stabilizing feature that helps keep the security trading close to par.
Strive has also eliminated all debt inherited through its acquisition of Semler Scientific, a balance-sheet strategy that mirrors the direction Strategy appears to be pursuing through its recent debt repurchases.
The market performance gap between the two companies has been notable. Over the past three months, Strive shares have gained approximately 110%, compared with a 12% rise in MSTR and an 8% increase in bitcoin. This divergence suggests investors may be rewarding Strive's cleaner balance sheet and higher-yielding preferred structure.

Más para ti
A hopeful posting on Iran from President Trump helped erase morning losses.
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
57,2026-05-29,"Investing
ASML (AMSL) manufactures monopolistic extreme ultraviolet lithography machines essential for semiconductor fabs like TSMC to expand capacity, but shares have doubled in the past year and trade at 53.5x trailing P/E and 15.8x price-to-sales, both historically high levels. Taiwan Semiconductor (TSM) trades at 36.0x trailing P/E with strong operating margins and an impregnable moat built on brilliant engineering talent, but may be expanding capacity too conservatively relative to explosive AI chip demand.
ASML and TSMC both benefit from the AI chip boom, but TSMC offers better value at a lower valuation multiple despite ASML’s monopolistic pricing power on essential fabrication equipment.

Act now: the analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 AI stocks — and ASML didn't make the cut. Grab the names FREE today.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© Michael Vi / iStock Editorial via Getty Images
In this piece, we’ll have the battle of the semi firms with monopolistic firms atop the semiconductor market. Undoubtedly, both firms are absolutely critical to the production of semis. Without them, none of the chip designers or other names powering big gains in the semiconductor index would be profiting so grandly from the early innings of this AI revolution.
Dutch firm ASML (NASDAQ:AMSL | ASML Price Prediction) truly has no comparable, and while Taiwan Semiconductor (NYSE:TSM), or TSMC as it’s better known in short, is getting company as new entrants test the waters in the foundry space, it remains a top force that’s unlikely to ever be matched.
As it stands today, both names make for solid bets to play the AI chip boom, but only one, I believe, allows investors to stretch their dollar a bit further as the price of admission into the semi surge becomes steeper by the day.
First up, we have ASML, a maker of extremely expensive and complicated extreme ultraviolet (EUV) lithography machines. There are massive room-sized pieces of semiconductor equipment that are further behind the curtain of the AI revolution. A fab, most notably TSMC, would be buyers of such ASML equipment as they expand their capacity.
Of course, being in the semi equipment business comes with an arguably greater degree of cyclicality. However, as the semi market scrambles to meet demand ahead of a token explosion, I’d argue that a monopolistic position far behind the curtain is where one would want to be. Without ASML, there wouldn’t be machines for TSMC to make the chips.
After more than doubling, up 115%, in the past year, though, shares do look quite frothy. And the 53.5 times trailing price-to-earnings (P/E) multiple is getting tougher to get behind, no matter how much visibility there is into the future of earnings. When it comes to cyclical companies, though, I’d much rather pay a premium P/E than a discount.
As TSMC expands capacity while other fabs look to start up shop, I’d expect more demand for EUV machines over the next three to five years. Just how much of the longer-term AI revolution is priced in here as ASML does its best to fire on all cylinders to prevent becoming a bottleneck of the revolution? That much is unclear, especially with shares trading at a heightened 15.8 times price-to-sales (P/S).
That’s on the high end of the historical range. But, then again, ASML is a dominant titan that has all the pricing power. And it’s in an optimal spot right now, especially as the global foundry market diversifies beyond TSMC. From Elon Musk’s Terfab to other chip plays looking to take control, there’s a lot of money to be spent on fab ambitions, and much of it is going into the pockets of ASML.
Taiwan Semiconductor still looks obscenely undervalued when you consider its role in this AI chip boom. As I’ve said before, most rivers flow through TSMC. And at 36.0 times trailing P/E, the name seems like a reasonable price for a firm that’s enjoying accelerated sales growth and stunning operating margins.
The big kicker, at least in my opinion, is that Taiwan Semiconductor is moving along with its expansion rather prudently. Perhaps it’s being too conservative, given the explosion of demand going on in the AI chip scene. It’s leading the charge in advanced manufacturing processes, and it’s the brilliant minds that act as the company’s ultimate moat. To put it simply, building a world-class fab takes more than just big money. Arguably, TSMC’s moat might be impregnable.
In any case, though, I don’t think TSMC is being as aggressive as it should be. It’s certainly not moving at a pace that’s acceptable for Elon Musk. And I view his decision to undertake the Terafab project as a move done out of necessity because, to put it simply, TSMC doesn’t have enough manufacturing capacity to cater to everybody on an aggressive timeline. In my humble opinion, it’s respectable to err on the side of caution, but to do so is to potentially leave big money on the table.
Combined with the geopolitical unknown, perhaps there’s a reason shares of Taiwan Semiconductor continue to trade at a discount to the group. If TSMC ups the expansion aggression, though, I think more of the discount could fade, as its reliance on Taiwan moves lower while its ability to take on more business increases. Though it’s a tough call, I prefer TSMC to ASML at this juncture.
Joey is a 24/7 Wall St. contributor and seasoned investment writer whose work can also be found in publications such as The Motley Fool and TipRanks. Holding a B.A.Sc in Computer Engineering from the University of British Columbia (UBC), Joey has leveraged his technical background to provide insightful stock analyses to readers.
Joey's investment philosophy is heavily influenced by Warren Buffett's value investing principles. As a dedicated Buffett disciple, Joey is committed to unearthing value in the tech sector and beyond.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
TSMC just committed $56 billion to AI chip manufacturing capacity. That’s not money disappearing into factories. It’s money flooding into…
The semiconductor stocks have enjoyed another big leg higher to start the year. With unprecedented AI demand and aggressive AI…
Every company and your grandma is looking to gain some exposure to AI right now, it seems. Talk of artificial…
ASML (NASDAQ:ASML | ASML Price Prediction) reigns supreme in the semiconductor equipment world, holding a virtual monopoly on extreme ultraviolet…
ASML (NASDAQ:ASML | ASML Price Prediction) and Micron (NASDAQ:MU) shares haven’t been the hottest of semiconductor plays in recent years,…
It feels like there’s nothing more than extreme overvaluation across the semiconductor names these days. Indeed, sometimes, it just makes…
If you stuck with the semiconductors through 2025, you’re sitting on a market-beating gain on the year, with the VanEck…
American investors seeking to diversify their portfolios and potentially achieve better value and perhaps less volatility may want to consider…
ASML Holding (NASDAQ:ASML | ASML Price Prediction) stock tumbled 5.5% last Friday after reports surfaced that top Chinese semiconductor executives…"
58,2026-05-29,
59,2026-05-29,"Lenovo Group Ltd. is experiencing its most significant stock increase since 1999, with shares doubling in value throughout May. This surge is largely attributed to heightened investor confidence in the company's potential for growth driven by artificial intelligence initiatives. The rally underscores a broader trend of technology firms capitalizing on AI advancements to boost market performance.
[Via]
Copyright © 2026 - Zakti Inc
Subscribe now to keep reading and get access to the full archive.


								Type your email…							
 








 
								Subscribe							

Continue reading"
60,2026-05-29,"Search
Follow us on social media
Follow us on social media

                        Last updated: May 29th, 2026 at 19:55 UTC+02:00                    
SamMobile has affiliate and sponsored partnerships, we may earn a commission.
Galaxy Z Flip 7 and Fold 7 drive up its market share. 
Reading time: 2 minutes
Abhijeet Mishra / SamMobile
Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 7 - Source: Abhijeet Mishra / SamMobile
The global foldable smartphone market has had a rough Q1 2026. A new report indicates that both shipments and revenue registered double digit declines in the first quarter of this year.

Despite the rocky market conditions, Samsung has almost doubled its shipments and revenue for foldable smartphones during the period under review.

The latest data from SAG shows that Samsung had the biggest share gain of all players in the foldable market during the first quarter of this year. Its shipment and value share nearly doubled compared to the same period last year.

Samsung's share of the global smartphone market almost doubled from 14% in Q1 2025 to 25% in Q1 2026. Its value share saw a similar growth from 16% the previous year to 31% in Q1 2026.

Aggressive channel promotions for both the Galaxy Z Fold 7 and the Galaxy Z Flip 7, particularly in key markets of South Korea and Japan, contributed to this gain. Improving foldable demand in North America and select markets across Europe also helped.

Samsung also enjoys a structural advantage to rivals like Huawei who generate the bulk of their foldable sales in China. The Korean giant has a truly global market reach for its foldable phones, and its access to North American markets is one that the Chinese players can't tap into. 

Huawei continues to have the dominant share in the global foldable phone market, given that it sees considerable demand for its products in China, where Samsung's market share is almost non-existent. 

However, Huawei saw its market share decline from 54% in Q1 2025 to 40% in Q1 2026. Higher competition from rivals and softening demand from premium customers in China is said to be among the reasons why Huawei has seen its market share decline.

Adnan Farooqui is a long-term writer at SamMobile. Based in Pakistan, his interests include technology, finance, Swiss watches and Formula 1. His tendency to write long posts betrays his inclination to being a man of few words.

© 2026 SamMobile. All rights reserved."
61,2026-05-29,
62,2026-05-29,"
Sign up with your email below to instantly access member features, newsletters and exclusive Insider perks


By submitting your information, you confirm you are aged 16 or over,
have read our
Privacy Policy
and agree to the
Terms & Conditions. Geographical rules apply.


Your membership journey starts here.


Keep exploring and earning more as a member.

Latest in phones
News, deals, reviews, guides and more…
Latest in computing
News, deals, reviews, guides and more on the newest computing gadgets

Start exploring exclusive deals, expert advice and more


Member Rewards


Unlock and manage exclusive Techradar member rewards.

Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
Become a Member in Seconds
 Unlock instant access to exclusive member features.
You are now subscribed
Your newsletter sign-up was successful
Join the club
Get full access to premium articles, exclusive features and a growing list of member rewards.
Proton and tech allies demand UK regulators crack down on Apple and Google's dominance

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The makers behind one of the best VPN and secure email services are demanding that the UK government stop dragging its feet and start enforcing competition laws against tech giants like Apple and Google.
Speaking on the BBC's Today Programme, Proton's Chief Technology Officer Bart Butler publicly backed an urgent open letter sent this week to the UK Government and the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA).
The letter, coordinated by the Coalition for App Fairness and signed by major tech players like Epic Games, Mozilla, and DuckDuckGo, warns that the UK's landmark Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Act (DMCCA) is failing to deliver on its promises due to sluggish enforcement.
For everyday users, this lack of regulatory action has a direct impact on daily internet life. Without proper competition, the coalition warns, consumers are often stuck with default, locked-in ecosystems that restrict choice, inflate prices, and limit access to stronger privacy and security features.
Passed with overwhelming cross-party support, the DMCCA was designed to break the stranglehold that a small number of tech giants have over the UK’s digital economy.
However, critics argue that regulators are moving too slowly, allowing dominant platforms to entrench their monopolies across mobile browsers, search engines, and app stores.
""It’s now widely understood that Apple and Google wield extraordinary power over the online economy,"" Butler stated following his BBC appearance, deeming legislation, like the DMCCA in the UK and the Digital Markets Act (DMA) in Europe, as ""essential.""
Butler went on explaining that, without robust competition rules, these companies will ""continue to stifle innovation, limit consumer choice, and create barriers for businesses across the UK’s digital economy.""
A group of businesses have written to the Competition and Markets Authority to say that more must be done to stand up for smaller tech companies.Bart Butler, chief technical officer at Proton, a privacy-centred alternative to big tech services, tells @FelicityHannah that Google… pic.twitter.com/QTKK43Vf1pMay 29, 2026
Despite the regulatory tools now being available to the UK government, Butler argues that hesitation has left the door open for continued monopolistic behavior that harms smaller startups and scaleups.
""It’s vital we all recognise that we have seen next to no meaningful action since the DMCCA was passed,"" said Butler, arguing that Apple and Google continue to have ""free rein"" to keep doing what they believe to be in their best financial interest, regardless of the impact on the wider industry.
""If regulators aren’t given the resources and teeth they require to properly enforce the rules, the legislation remains nothing more but words on a page,"" added Butler.
The open letter highlights a critical, ticking clock: the rapid advancement of artificial intelligence.
Specifically, the coalition warns that if the current bottlenecks controlled by Big Tech are not corrected immediately, these market failures will simply be inherited by the AI era, extending the dominance of a small number of companies into the next generation of digital services.
The letter also firmly rejects the simplistic ""growth versus regulation"" narrative. Citing research from the OECD and IMF, the signees point out that open, competitive markets are exactly what drive productivity and investment.
To prevent the UK from becoming what the House of Lords previously called an ""incubator economy,"" the coalition is urging the UK Government to properly resource the Digital Markets Unit (DMU) and quickly translate existing investigations into enforceable conduct requirements.
For Proton and its allies, the time for investigations has passed.
""Speed is now of the essence,"" Butler warned. ""Big Tech has been allowed to carry on as if nothing happened for two years since the legislation was passed. This cannot be allowed to continue. If we fail to act now, it may soon be too late.""
Rene Millman is a seasoned technology journalist whose work has appeared in The Guardian, the Financial Times, Computer Weekly, and IT Pro. With over two decades of experience as a reporter and editor, he specializes in making complex topics like cybersecurity, VPNs, and enterprise software accessible and engaging.
You must confirm your public display name before commenting
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.

TechRadar is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036. 

Please login or signup to comment

Please wait..."
63,2026-05-29,"Investing
Cipher Digital (CIFR) has pivoted from bitcoin mining to operating high-performance data centers, with two major contracts signed, targeting October 2026 energization to flip from cash-burning developer to contracted-revenue operator.
The U.S. power grid faces a 50+ gigawatt capacity shortage for AI infrastructure by 2028, concentrating demand in Texas, making operators with energized land and signed interconnect agreements critical chokepoints in the AI buildout.

The analyst who called NVIDIA in 2010 just named his top 10 stocks and Cipher Mining wasn't one of them. Get them here FREE.


					Sending You to Google News in 3

© baranozdemir / Getty Images
The AI buildout has a power problem. Hyperscalers are racing to deploy GPUs, but the U.S. grid is short on megawatts, and operators with energized land and signed interconnect agreements have become the chokepoint nobody wants to talk about. The Energy Information Administration’s latest outlook flags data center growth concentrated in the West South Central region (Texas) as a primary driver of commercial electricity demand, and the industry consensus is that the U.S. needs 50+ gigawatts of additional electric capacity for AI by 2028. Stocks under $30 with direct exposure to that gap are worth a hard look right now.
With that in mind, here is one stock trading under $30 that analysts believe is positioned to capitalize on the looming power shortage, even as most AI investors keep chasing the obvious chip names.
Cipher Digital (NASDAQ:CIFR), recently rebranded from Cipher Mining, is a former bitcoin miner that has pivoted into a developer and operator of high-performance computing data centers powering hyperscaler AI workloads.
Shares closed at $24.59 on May 28, 2026, just under the recent 52-week high of $25.56. For a retail investor, that price tag still buys exposure to a company with a $10.07 billion market cap and a backlog that dwarfs current revenue. The stock is up 66.6% year to date and 634% over the past year, yet Reddit chatter remains concentrated in a single r/wallstreetbets thread with consistently “low” activity. That is the textbook definition of overlooked.
Fundamentals are messy on the surface and powerful underneath. Cipher booked Q4 2025 revenue of $59.71 million, missing the $85.46 million consensus by 30.13%, and reported a GAAP net loss of $734.2 million driven largely by a $410.27 million non-cash warrant liability swing. Adjusted EPS came in at -$0.14. The real story sits in the contract book: a 15-year, 300 MW lease with Amazon Web Services at Black Pearl worth roughly $5.5 billion at a ~100% NOI margin, plus a 10-year, 300 MW Fluidstack lease backstopped by Google at Barber Lake worth roughly $3.8 billion. Combined, that is $9.3 billion in contracted HPC revenue and ~$669 million in average annualized NOI.
Wall Street has noticed. The analyst consensus target sits at $30.53, with 14 buy or strong-buy ratings and zero sells. Morgan Stanley carries a $40.50 target, Jefferies upgraded to strong-buy, and Keefe, Bruyette & Woods raised to $27 with an outperform rating.
The bull case is straightforward. Both Black Pearl and Barber Lake are targeting October 2026 energization, flipping Cipher from a cash-burning developer into a contracted-revenue infrastructure operator almost overnight. Behind those two sites sits a 3.2 GW pipeline across six additional projects, and bond offerings funding construction were roughly 6.5x oversubscribed, a clear signal that credit markets believe the lease economics. CEO Tyler Page told investors “2026 is a year of execution for Cipher as we fully transition the business into a leading infrastructure platform”.
The risk that cuts against the thesis: leverage and concentration. Total liabilities ballooned to $3.46 billion from $173 million a year earlier on high-yield bond issuance, the accumulated deficit hit $1.0 billion, and revenue depends on two tenants. Any construction slip at Black Pearl or Barber Lake hits the stock hard. Insider activity is also mixed, with the CEO and COO consistently disposing of shares from March through May 2026.
Even so, with $9.3 billion in contracted revenue against a $10 billion market cap and energization months away, Cipher Digital is one of the cleanest sub-$30 ways to play the AI power gap.
A low share price alone is never a reason to buy or avoid a stock. Cipher carries real execution risk, heavy debt, and a balance sheet that can swing violently on non-cash charges. Do your own research, weigh the dilution and tenant-concentration risks against the contracted backlog, and size any position accordingly.
Alex Sirois is a financial writer with experience spanning both retail and institutional investing. He has written for InvestorPlace and held roles at BNY Mellon and Bernstein, giving him a perspective that bridges Main Street portfolios and Wall Street analysis.
Alex holds an MBA from George Washington University and has built his career across multiple industries, including e-commerce, education, and translation — a breadth of experience that informs how he breaks down complex financial topics for everyday investors. His writing is conversational, actionable, and grounded in long-term, buy-and-hold investing principles.
At 247 Wall St., Alex focuses on delivering analysis that is both accessible and useful, with a clear emphasis on helping readers make more informed decisions with their money.
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
With megacap AI software names trading at triple-digit cash-flow multiples, value-oriented investors are quietly rotating into the physical layer of…
Megacap tech is wobbling, and money is looking for somewhere cheaper to land. With NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction)…
Keefe Bruyette trimmed price targets on two bitcoin-mining-turned-HPC infrastructure companies Wednesday, citing higher spending, reduced hash prices, and the imminent…
Artificial intelligence (AI) is advancing rapidly, but it faces significant constraints in power availability and physical space for data centers.…
It’s hard to have any conversation about the stock market without touching on artificial intelligence. All of the Magnificent Seven…
New Era Energy & Digital (NASDAQ:NUAI) has been one of the most successful AI stocks that you have probably never…
TeraWulf (NASDAQ:WULF) stock is up 13.5% in today’s session. Also, Cipher Digital (NASDAQ:CIFR) stock is rallying 7% while Coinbase Global…
Shares of Hut 8 (NASDAQ:HUT) are surging 35% in midday trading Wednesday. Riot Platforms (NASDAQ:RIOT | RIOT Price Prediction) stock…
IREN (NASDAQ:IREN) and Cipher Mining (NASDAQ:CIFR) are former crypto miners that have pivoted to AI infrastructure. These companies create AI…"
64,2026-05-29,"Strategy’s capital structure may be under pressure as Arca’s Jeff Dorman highlights $15 billion in preferred stock obligations and CEO comments on possible Bitcoin sales.
Strategy is facing renewed scrutiny over its preferred stock financing model as investors question whether dividend obligations could eventually pressure the company to sell some of its Bitcoin.
The Strategy situation has “gotten out of hand,” Arca chief investment officer Jeff Dorman said in an X post on Thursday, referring to its roughly $15 billion in preferred stocks carrying around $1.5 billion in annual dividend obligations.
Dorman warned that the structure may become increasingly difficult to manage if market conditions remain volatile, with Bitcoin (BTC) trading about 16% lower year-to-date at roughly $73,737 at the time of writing.
The remarks add to a growing debate over whether Strategy’s Bitcoin-linked capital structure can withstand prolonged price swings without forcing asset sales.
Dorman’s warning centers on Strategy’s financing model, which includes a large issuance of preferred stock that carries fixed dividend commitments.
Strategy has issued five preferred shares — STRK, STRF, STRD, STRC and STRE — each carrying different dividend terms, seniority and risk exposure within the capital structure.

Source: Yves-André Graf
Dorman argues the model was built on the assumption that Bitcoin would continue rising strongly enough to support it, describing it as a bet that BTC was “about to moon” and could fund future obligations.
He said Strategy’s equity raises helped ease near-term default concerns, but questioned what followed, calling its decision to repurchase 2029 maturity bonds “baffling” given ongoing pressure from dividend obligations.

Source: Jeff Dorman
According to Dorman, the structure ultimately leaves only stark outcomes: either “sell BTC to pay the prefs” or “stop paying the dividend,” each carrying direct and asymmetric consequences for Strategy, its investors and Bitcoin itself.
Dorman’s remarks came amid Strategy CEO Phong Le confirming that the company might sell Bitcoin at some point in the future after Strategy executive chairman Michael Saylor raised such a possibility in mid-May.
“We'll likely sell Bitcoin at some point in time, but we will be net increasing our Bitcoin and more importantly, increasing our Bitcoin per share,” the CEO said in a CNBC Fox Business exclusive on Thursday.
Related: French company abandons crypto treasury strategy, will liquidate Bitcoin holdings
Amid rising expectations that Strategy might need to sell BTC to manage its balance sheet and obligations, the prediction market platform Polymarket has shown increasing odds of a sale across 2026. 

Source: Polymarket
The “MicroStrategy sells any Bitcoin by” market shows roughly a 90% chance by Dec. 31, 2026, 71% by June 30 and 18% by May 31.
So far this year, Strategy has purchased around 170,000 BTC, bringing its total holdings to 843,738 BTC purchased at an aggregate purchase price of $63.87 billion and an average purchase price of approximately $75,700 per Bitcoin.
Magazine: Bitcoin’s ‘biggest bull catalyst’ would be Saylor’s liquidation: Santiment founder
More on the subject
Cointelegraph is committed to providing independent, high-quality journalism across the crypto, blockchain, AI, and fintech industries.
All news, reviews, and analyses are produced with full journalistic independence and integrity. For more details on our standards and processes, please read our Editorial Policy."
65,2026-05-29,"
					By Liz Shackleton 
pmc-media-editor-2024

	South Korea’s Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and the Korean Film Council (KOFIC) have launched a public-private consultative body to discuss setting a theatrical window for films in the Korean market. 

	A bill is currently working its way through Korea’s National Assembly that calls for a six-month window for films before they can be shown on streaming platforms. 

	In addition to government and KOFIC representatives, the first meeting of the committee held today will bring together 22 filmmakers and executives from across the Korean film industry. Participants include Korea’s Culture Minister Chae Hwi-yong and execs from film studios, distributors, cinema chains and IPTV platforms. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	Casting
	



	
		
					'Moving' Season 2 Begins Production At Disney+ With Won Gyu-bin Replacing Lee Jung-ha		
			















	News
	



	
		
					'Colony' Director Yeon Sang-ho Talks AI Impact, Korean Cinema Revival & Working With Japan 		
			







	The committee will also discuss measures aimed at stabilizing the industry’s revenue structures, and fostering more cooperation between cinema circuits and streaming platforms. Officials said they aim to reach a deal by August. 




			Watch on Deadline		






	“We will work to reach a holdback agreement that could minimize potential side effects by reflecting market realities while maximizing industry revenues,” Chae said.

	The legislation aims to revive a struggling local film industry that has suffered from declining theatrical attendance since the pandemic, with audiences turning to streaming platforms, production costs increasing and local talent increasingly working for the global streamers. 

	Two of Korea’s biggest exhibitors, Lotte Cinema and Megabox, are merging their operations to counter the downturn. The government has also launched a series of cinema ticket discounts to shore up the flagging market. 

	Korean cinema has been experiencing a revival of sorts since February with historical drama The King’s Warden becoming the highest-grossing Korean film of all time with $108m and supernatural horror film Salmokji: Whispering Water becoming the most-watched Korean horror ever with $22m. 

	Last weekend, Yeon Sang-ho’s Colony had a strong opening weekend grossing $10m following its world premiere in Midnight Screenings at Cannes. All three films are distributed by Showbox. 

	










	However, Korea’s annual box office is still way below pre-pandemic levels and other Asian markets have also experienced a few big seasonal hits that brought audiences back to cinemas but didn’t result in sustained box office recovery. 
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong.
Comment 
Name 
Email 
Website 
 



Δ
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	"
66,2026-05-29,"The agent era will not be on Linux
Every year someone says that this is the year of the Linux desktop.
It is never the year of the Linux desktop.
There are many reasons for this. Drivers. Games. Adobe. Microsoft Office. Battery life. The thing where you close the lid of a laptop and open it again later to find that it passed into the good night. These explanations are all correct in the small and unsatisfying in the large. They explain why a person did not switch to Linux last Thursday. They do not explain why the desktop, as an institution, will continue to belong to Apple and Microsoft.
And now there is a new and more depressing explanation.
The future computer user is not a person.
Or at least not only a person. The robots are coming for the desktop. The interesting part is that the ramps were already there.
They were called accessibility APIs.
If you use a Mac and open the Accessibility Inspector tool that’s built into the system (you really should try it), you can see a second version of the computer, hiding inside the first one. The first version is the one you look at: windows, shadows, rounded rectangles, a little bouncing icon in the Dock from Slack announcing that you are falling behind.
The second version is a tree. A literal hierarchy of objects. Window. Group. Button. Text field. Scroll area. Static text. Each object has properties. Some have values. Some have actions. Some will tell you where they are. Some will tell you what they contain. Some will let you press them without moving the mouse at all.
This is not how computers were initially designed to be used, if by “used” you mean “used by sighted people moving a pointer around.” It is how computers had to be exposed to people who could not rely on pixels. VoiceOver needed it. Switch control needed it. Dictation systems needed it. The operating system had to learn to describe itself.
And now the agents need it too.
You can see this most clearly in OpenAI’s Codex Computer Use
 feature, which on macOS doesn’t just take a screenshot. It also pulls “available text” out of the frontmost window including text the app makes available outside the visible scroll area, which is to say, content that is technically not on the screen at all. It also allows the agent to interact with your entire Mac without interrupting your usage as it has its own independent mouse that can work in the background.
OpenAI bought the company that built this in October 2025: a twelve-person shop called Software Applications Incorporated, whose product, Sky, had never been publicly released. Sam Altman had personally invested in the seed round. The founders had previously sold Workflow to Apple, where it became Shortcuts. What OpenAI got for an undisclosed but evidently real amount of money was the team’s bet about the right way for an AI model to drive a Mac. The bet appears to have been correct. The binary that runs this inside Codex today is still named SkyComputerUseClient.
This is the part where you might expect me to say that the reason macOS is suddenly so good for agents is the accessibility API. But that’s not really the full story. Windows has accessibility APIs. Linux has accessibility APIs. APIs are easy to have. You write them down in a header file, give a conference talk about them, and then spend the next twenty years explaining why nobody used them correctly.
The reason macOS is so far ahead is because of defaults.
Apple did not, when most of this was being soldered into place in the late 1990s, anticipate that a stochastic parrot with an $800+ billion valuation would one day need to change a setting in Finder. Apple just decided that if you build a normal Mac app out of normal Mac controls with things like NSButton, NSTextField, WKWebView, the boring stock pieces then your app should be accessible by default. The developer didn’t have to do anything. They wrote a regular app and got a high-fidelity accessibility tree for free, because Apple put the cost of compliance into the SDK instead of the application. The blind user got the tree. The accidental beneficiary, all these years later, is Codex.
This is one of those situations where a moral concern turns out, in retrospect, to have also been infrastructure.
For most of software history, accessibility was treated by most engineering teams as either a compliance chore, an act of kindness, or a thing you would get to at the end if there was time, which there never was, because the only features that were ever truly protected were the ones that affected someone’s bonus.
This was always wrong! But it is now wrong in a way that rich people can understand. A bad accessibility tree no longer excludes only disabled users. It also excludes agents. Accessibility is, by accident, becoming agent compatibility.
Agents are now new customers. History is not sentimental about motives. The accessibility tree was built for assistive technology, and now the robots in the machine wants to use it to book a flight.
And in this area, the Mac is truly far ahead.
Windows, in its defense, has a very serious accessibility tree. Microsoft UI Automation (UIA) is, in some ways, the most Microsoft thing imaginable.
It is a complete object model of the desktop with three filtered views: raw, control, and content. Because of course Microsoft looked at the question of “what is on screen” and decided one ontology would not suffice. It has a real pattern system: InvokePattern for buttons, TextPattern for documents, ValuePattern for inputs, and an enumeration of verbs that controls admit to supporting.
Microsoft’s own documentation
 cheerfully observes that this same API can be used by assistive technologies and by automated test scripts, which has turned out to be the most prescient sentence Microsoft has written about Windows in many years.
UI Automation is, by any reasonable engineering standard, excellent.
The problem with Windows is not the API. The problem is archaeology. Every Windows machine is a museum of electricity. There’s not one type of app. There is Win32. There is WPF. There is WinForms. There is UWP. There is WinUI. There is Electron. There is some custom line-of-business application written by a contractor in 2009 who has since moved to a farm and cannot be reached. There is a settings panel that is secretly a web page. There is a desktop app that is secretly Chromium wearing a fake mustache. The list goes on.
UIA can be very good. But the app has to meet it halfway. And on Windows the app frequently does not meet it halfway. It’s nearly unusable. A UIA tree scanned across a real Windows desktop is full of regions that respond, with admirable consistency, the way an empty house responds to a knock.
The recurring theme here is that an agent does not just need an API. It needs a civilization of apps that conform to the API well enough that the agent can trust what they say. A button that admits to being a button. A text field that admits to containing text. A table that does not expose itself as fourteen hundred unnamed rectangles and a prayer.
Which brings us to the mess of Linux.
To be fair, and one should be fair about this, because Linux folks can smell imprecision through concrete, Linux does have an accessibility stack! It is called AT-SPI
, the Assistive Technology Service Provider Interface, and it is real. It runs over D-Bus. It exposes Accessible, Action, Component, Document, Text, Value, and so on. GTK apps support it. Qt apps support it. Firefox supports it. LibreOffice supports it. Orca, the GNOME screen reader, has been in production on it since 2006.
But agents do not just need an accessibility tree. They need to enumerate windows. They need to capture the screen. They need to synthesize input. They need a coherent permission model. They need to do all of this without the user feeling like they are watching a haunted mouse perform community theater.
On a Mac, this is one Accessibility toggle and one Screen Recording toggle, both clearly named, both stored in the same general place. On Linux under Wayland, the screen capture is a portal, the input synthesis is a different portal or libei, the window enumeration is a per-compositor protocol, and the cross-compositor accessibility evolution, called Newton, is a prototype being developed by a man named Matt Campbell on a grant from the Sovereign Tech Fund. A GNOME Foundation report from April 2025 describes the protocol as “not yet rigorously defined” and notes it “has not yet seen any cross-desktop discussions.” KDE has not committed to it.
Every step of the loop is available, after installing the correct backend and selecting the correct session type and, depending on the day, sacrificing a small goat to the compositor. Apple can force attention. Microsoft can institutionalize it. Linux has to convene it.
The problem is that Linux can make almost anything exist, but it cannot make almost everyone agree to care about it at the same time. This is the part that has kept the year-of-the-Linux-desktop joke alive long after Linux became, on most days, a perfectly usable desktop. StatCounter has it at 2.99% of global desktop usage in April 2026, up from 2.76% in 2022. Continents move faster. But you can put Ubuntu on a ThinkPad and do most of what a normal person needs to do, and people do. The desktop got pretty good.
The mission, by its original definition, is mostly accomplished.
Nobody is throwing a party because the target is about to move.
The target is moving because the standard for “usable desktop” is no longer whether you would enjoy using it. The standard is whether a thing that is not you can use it on your behalf.
The high-fidelity accessibility tree, the reliable input synthesis, the standardized window enumeration, the portable screen capture, the coherent permission model. Apple has been building exactly this for thirty years, paid for by Cupertino, almost entirely for the benefit of users who number in the low millions. The work is now, accidentally and irreversibly, also the substrate for agents, which are about to number in the billions.
Microsoft has been engineering most of it but letting half the platform skip the homework. The Linux community has been building parts of it, in scattered repositories, by ones and twos, often on grants, often by one guy in Nebraska.
This is not the kind of gap a community closes by writing better software. It is the kind of gap that takes a decade of full-time employees auditing every label in every default app, a market mechanism that punishes you when you don’t, and a centralized review process to enforce it from above.
None of that exists for Linux. None of it is coming."
67,2026-05-29,"

The iPhone 17 lineup has been out long enough for case makers to get their designs right. Whether you grabbed a Pro Max at launch or picked up the new iPhone 17e this spring, the accessory market is finally past the awkward first-wave fits and into a stretch where the good cases are actually good. With Ceramic Shield 2 handling scratches better than any previous iPhone glass, the question isn’t whether you need protection. It’s which case actually earns the pocket space.
This is a working list of seven iPhone 17 cases we’d buy with our own money in 2026, sorted by what they’re for: slim MagSafe shells, drop-proof tanks, clear cases that don’t yellow, the first wave of 17e-specific options, and a wallet pick for people who’d rather carry one thing.
The best iPhone 17 cases in 2026 split by use: the Apple Silicone Case with MagSafe for daily wear on the 17 Pro, the Pitaka Ultra Slim for the iPhone Air, the OtterBox Defender Series Pro XT for drop-proof Pro Max protection, and the Spigen Ultra Hybrid MagFit as the budget pick across every size including the iPhone 17e.
ADD US ON GOOGLE
The iPhone 17 Pro and iPhone Air are the thinnest high-end phones Apple has shipped in years. A bulky case undoes that on day one. The two below add real protection without burying the hardware.
Best for daily wear · Sizes: 17 Pro · MagSafe: full  

Price:  $39.99
Where to Buy: Amazon
Apple’s first-party silicone case is the easiest yes for anyone who wants MagSafe to feel the way it does on a naked phone. The magnet array is properly aligned, snap strength matches Apple’s own pucks and wallets, and the soft-touch silicone has held up better than the iPhone 16 generation, which had a reputation for picking up jean dye. The cutout fully clears the iPhone 17 Pro’s redesigned camera plateau, including the new lens housing, so chargers and stands seat flat. Light, thin, and dull: exactly what a daily case should be.
Best for slim grip · Sizes: 17 Pro, Air · MagSafe: compatible 

Price:  $59.99
Where to Buy: Amazon
If the silicone case feels too soft, the Ultra Slim is the slim shell to beat, and the case we’d put on an iPhone Air first. 1500D aramid fiber weave at roughly 1.4 mm thin, MagSafe-compatible magnets that snap cleanly to Apple’s pucks and wallets, and a weight light enough that the phone still feels caseless in the hand. The camera bar cutout is machined for the iPhone 17 Pro and iPhone Air specifically, not a generic recut of last year’s mold, and the textured back gives you grip without the rubbery feel. It’s the case we recommend to people who want their phone to look almost naked but never want to drop it.
Rugged cases used to mean turning a slim phone into a brick. The current generation is better: corners reinforced where impacts actually land, MagSafe preserved through the back, and bulk kept reasonable.
Best for drop-proof daily carry · Sizes: 17 Pro Max · MagSafe: full  

Price:  $74.99
Where to Buy: Amazon
The Defender Series Pro XT is the case you buy when you’ve already cracked one phone and don’t want to do it again. Multi-layer polycarbonate shell, internal synthetic rubber slipcover, and reinforced corners that pass 7X military drop testing to MIL-STD 810G-516.6. The Pro XT keeps MagSafe working through the back at full snap strength, which the older non-XT Defender did not. Yes, it adds noticeable thickness and weight, but for a Pro Max that already lives in a back pocket on a worksite, that’s the trade.
Best for slim rugged · Sizes: iPhone 17 family · MagSafe: weak (verify) 

Price:  $79.99
Where to Buy: Amazon
If the Defender feels like too much case for your daily life, the Limitless 6.0 is the rugged option that still looks like something you’d carry to a meeting. AiroShock impact-absorbing material concentrated in the corners, a rigid polycarbonate frame that resists twisting, and a choice of real aramid or walnut back panels depending on finish. One trade-off worth knowing before you buy: independent testing has flagged the Limitless 6.0’s MagSafe magnets as weaker than competitors. Wireless charging still works, but the snap to MagSafe accessories isn’t as solid as the Defender Pro XT or Apple’s own silicone case. If you live with magnetic mounts and wallets, factor that in. Otherwise, it’s the lightest case on this list that still has a serious drop story.
Clear cases are where most budget brands fall apart. Three months of pocket UV and the camera cutout goes yellow first, the back follows, and the phone looks worse than if you’d just gone naked.
Best for anti-yellowing clear · Sizes: 17, Air, 17 Pro, Pro Max · MagSafe: full 

Price:  $14.99
Where to Buy: Amazon
The Ultra Hybrid is Spigen’s anti-yellowing TPU+PC build, and after two model generations of real-world reports it’s the clear case we trust to still look clear in the fall. The MagFit version adds a properly aligned MagSafe ring, the bumper is reinforced at the corners without breaking the clear look, and the camera plateau cutout is wide enough that the iPhone 17 Pro’s lens housing doesn’t pick up smudges from the case edge. Spigen ships dedicated SKUs for every size in the iPhone 17 family; the 17e gets its own pick below, which most clear-case makers haven’t caught up to yet.
The iPhone 17e shipped in March 2026 with full MagSafe, which means it’s the first non-Pro budget iPhone case makers have had to design for from scratch. Most of the cheap options on Amazon right now are recut iPhone 16e molds with the camera cutout filed wider. Skip those. The pick below is one of the few designed for the 17e from day one.
Best for budget MagSafe on the 17e · Sizes: 17e · MagSafe: full  

Price:  $21.99
Where to Buy: Amazon
Spigen was one of the first case makers to ship a dedicated iPhone 17e SKU rather than recutting a 16e mold, and the Ultra Hybrid MagFit is the cleanest budget pick we’ve tested for Apple’s new $599 phone. Same anti-yellowing TPU+PC build as the Pro-size variants above, with a properly aligned MagSafe ring tuned for the 17e’s magnet array and button cutouts machined for the 17e specifically. List price sits in the $25–$30 range and it routinely drops below $20 on sale, putting it in the same realistic spend tier as the rest of this list rather than the throwaway no-name bucket.
Wallet cases are a category most people overbuy. You don’t need a tri-fold leather brick. You need a clean way to carry two cards and an ID on the back of your phone.
Best for minimal wallet · Sizes: 17, 17 Pro, Pro Max · MagSafe: full  

Price:  $85
Where to Buy: Amazon
Bellroy retired the old two-piece Mod system for the iPhone 17 generation, and the replacement is actually the better answer for most people: a single slim case with an integrated three-card pocket behind a magnetic leather door that doubles as a kickstand. Cards stay clear of the MagSafe charging coil, so wireless charging still works at full speed with the case on. The leather is the same gold-rated Leather Working Group tannery stock Bellroy uses on its standalone wallets, and the polymer shell handles everyday drops without trying to be a rugged case. It’s the wallet case we recommend to people who hate wallet cases.
A quick gut check before you spend money on the wrong thing.
Three tiers, what they actually buy you on the iPhone 17:
Above $100 you’re mostly paying for branding or specialty finishes (carbon weave, ranger leather, Casetify collabs). Worth it if you care, optional if you don’t.
The iPhone 17 generation finally gave case makers enough new geometry to stop reusing molds, and the picks above are the ones we’d hand to a friend without caveats. If you want one rule: match the case to the way you actually use the phone, not the way you imagine you do. A Pro Max that lives in a back pocket needs the Defender Pro XT. An iPhone Air on a desk all day is fine in the Pitaka Ultra Slim. A 17e at $599 doesn’t need a $70 case; Spigen’s Ultra Hybrid MagFit does the job. Buy once, carry for a year, replace when the bumper starts to soften. That’s the whole game.
Spigen has realistic prices and amazing quality. Everyone else’s is ripping you off. There is no difference in quality.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name*



Email*



Website



Don't subscribe
All new comments
Replies to my comments
 Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.
 


Copyright © 2026 The Gadgeteer | All rights reserved. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited."
68,2026-05-29,"Claude maker raises $65bn from investors ahead of expected initial public offering.
Save
Share
Anthropic has usurped OpenAI as the world’s most valuable artificial intelligence startup, soaring to a $965bn valuation ahead of expected public listings by the rival firms.
Anthropic, the maker of the Claude family of chatbots, said on Thursday that it had raised $65bn from private investors after a fundraising round led by Altimeter Capital, Greenoaks, Dragoneer and Sequoia Capital.
The announcement catapults Anthropic, led by CEO and cofounder Dario Amodei, ahead of ChatGPT maker OpenAI in value, which attracted an $852bn valuation in its last fundraising round in March.
“This funding will help us serve the historic demand we are experiencing, stay at the research frontier, and bring Claude to more of the places where work happens,” Anthropic’s Chief Financial Officer Krishna Rao said in a statement.
Altimeter Capital CEO Brad Gerstner hailed the adoption of Claude among the “world’s most demanding organisations” as evidence of Anthropic’s command in the field.
“This momentum positions Anthropic to lead the next phase of AI innovation and capture the enormous opportunity ahead,” Gerstner said.
Founded in 2021 by former OpenAI researchers, Anthropic has rapidly emerged as one of the leading players in Silicon Valley’s scramble to dominate AI.
Anthropic’s Claude, first launched in 2023, is among the most popular AI models worldwide.
In March, the San Francisco-based company said that the chatbot was receiving more than 1 million new sign-ups each day.
While achieving stellar success in rapid time, Anthropic has also faced challenges – in particular, a high-profile dispute with US President Donald Trump’s administration, which has labelled the firm a “supply chain risk” over its refusal to allow unrestricted access to its tools for military purposes.
Anthropic unveiled its latest iteration of Claude, Opus 4.8, in a separate announcement on Thursday, calling it a “modest but tangible improvement” on its predecessor.
Anthropic, OpenAI and Elon Musk’s rocket company SpaceX are all expected to go public in the near future in what are expected to be among the biggest initial public offerings in history.
Jay R Ritter, an emeritus professor at the University of Florida who specialises in IPOs, said Anthropic has generated a lot of market excitement due to its widespread use by companies for software coding.
“This is a big market where apparently Anthropic has the best product,” Ritter told Al Jazeera.
“The increase in valuation in a short period of time is unprecedented for a startup, although publicly traded tech companies such as SK Hynix, Nvidia, and Alphabet have seen even bigger increases, although not as much in percentage terms,” Ritter said, referring to the South Korean and US chip giants, and Google’s parent company.
While it remains to be seen whether the massive investments pouring into AI are creating a bubble, Ritter said, the handful of successful firms that are likely to emerge in the field could see enormous profits.
“Nobody wants to use the eighth best product, so these companies are either one of the handful of successful firms, or they will have a zero market share,” he said.
“The tech industry is different than the restaurant industry, where there are not large economies of scale, and where competition limits the profit margins.”









Follow Al Jazeera English:"
69,2026-05-29,"Bitcoin saw its lowest levels since the middle of April as BTC price action continued ot diverge from thriving US stock markets.
Bitcoin (BTC) deepened six-week lows at Friday’s Wall Street open as US stock markets diverged to all-time highs.
Key points:

Data from TradingView showed BTC/USD dropping to $72,395 on Bitstamp to start the US TradFi trading session.
BTC/USD one-day chart. Source: Cointelegraph/TradingView
Continuing a losing streak from recent weeks, the pair again saw downside pressure, even as stocks surged further into price discovery.
The S&P 500 started Friday with new record highs, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average did likewise.
S&P 500 vs. Dow Jones one-hour chart. Source: Cointelegraph/TradingView
Anticipation of a lasting ceasefire between the US and Iran drove the momentum, even as military strikes continued.
Commenting, trader and analyst Michaël van de Poppe argued that geopolitical changes could still save the Bitcoin price trend.
“Bitcoin is about to collapse to lows, if this level of support doesn't hold. That's just the reality,” he wrote in a post on X. 
BTC/USDT one-day chart. Source: Michaël van de Poppe/X
Van de Poppe suggested that $77,000 was the line in the sand to start the “next leg upwards.”
“If that doesn't happen, then we're about to witness another leg towards the lows and probably new lows on the altcoin markets,” he added.

Continuing the general sense of caution among Bitcoin market participants, trading account CGT Trader warned that BTC long positions could face liquidation next.
Related: Bitcoin bids farewell to CME futures gaps with $67K still on radar
“Long squeeze loading …. Price continues to range while funding stays heavily positive and open interest keeps declining. That usually suggests the market is still leaning aggressively long, even as some participants are already closing positions and derisking,” an X post read. 
Binance BTC/USDT futures order-book data. Source: CGT Trader/X
Data from CoinGlass showed the total 24-hour cross-crypto liquidations passing $200 million at the time of writing.
Crypto liquidation history (screenshot). Source: CoinGlass
Looking ahead, trading resource Material Indicators told followers to “expect volatility” on Bitcoin as Sunday’s joint daily, weekly and monthly close approached.
“We have a cluster of liquidations around $76k and a developing H & S pattern that could take price down to the Q2 Timescape R/S Levels in the$68k - $69k range,” it noted, referring to data from its proprietary trading tools. 
BTC/USD one-hour chart with 100-day SMA. Source: Cointelegraph/TradingView
Material Indicators referenced the 100-day simple moving average, currently at $72,972.
More on the subject
Cointelegraph is committed to providing independent, high-quality journalism across the crypto, blockchain, AI, and fintech industries.
All news, reviews, and analyses are produced with full journalistic independence and integrity. For more details on our standards and processes, please read our Editorial Policy."
70,2026-05-29,"Save up to 10% on Pokémon cards during the TCGplayer Mayhem Summer Sale. From the rare Chaos Rising Mega Greninja ex to Pitch Black booster box preorders, here are the best cards to buy in this limited time sale (that ends today!)"
71,2026-05-29,"
Ovios introduced Aero Evo at the launch event in California, a new outdoor furniture collection created with Studio F. A. Porsche. The line includes a sofa, lounge chairs, and a coffee table, and it marks the studio’s first outdoor furniture project. The collaboration brings together Ovios’s experience in premium furniture manufacturing and Studio F. A. Porsche’s minimalist, performance-led design approach, with comfort and function treated as part of the design rather than an afterthought.
Seen in person, Aero Evo feels softer and more sculptural than the Porsche connection might suggest. The woven side and back panel give the pieces presence, while the exposed metal frame and open structure keeps them visually open. It does not read like furniture trying to imitate a car. The link is more understated than that, showing up in the control of the lines and the clarity of the structure.
Designer: Ovios x Studio F.A. Porsche








Henning Rieseler, Design Director at Studio F. A. Porsche, said the collection was developed with the American market in mind, particularly California. That lighter, more relaxed mood comes through, but the collection stops short of the usual resort furniture look. The forms are cleaner and more restrained, which gives the pieces a stronger identity.







The woven rope is central to that. It is not there simply to soften the frame. It shapes the way the sofa and chairs are read, giving them texture and volume, while the visible frame keeps the overall profile open. That contrast is where much of the collection’s appeal lies.

Aero Evo works best when the frame and weave are read together. The stainless steel frame gives the collection its outline and support, while the woven rope adds warmth and softness. The raised base and open structure create a sense of airflow that keeps the furniture from feeling too solid. The pieces have enough presence to anchor a space, but they do not feel heavy.

Rieseler said the collection went through several iterations, including adjustments to the height of the back panel and the size of the cushions. The goal was to keep the metal frame and woven back visible while maintaining comfort. That helps explain why the final proportions feel so controlled. The cushions are generous, but they do not cover up the structure or blur the silhouette.


The collection comes in three woven rope colors, charcoal, brown, and beige, along with four cushion color options. The charcoal version brings out a more graphic side of the design, while the brown and beige versions feel warmer and more relaxed. The lighter combinations suit open terraces and poolside settings especially well, while the darker option gives the collection a sharper presence.

Seen together, the sofa, lounge chairs, and coffee table read as a complete outdoor setting rather than a group of separate products. The seating carries most of the visual identity, and the coffee table sits more quietly within the arrangement. That feels right for a collection aimed at terraces, patios, garden lounges, and hospitality spaces, where the atmosphere matters as much as the individual pieces.

Ovios is releasing Aero Evo as a limited collection of 919 pieces worldwide, a nod to the Porsche 919 Evo that informed the project. Even so, the most convincing part of the collection is not the automotive reference on its own. It is the way the design handles structure, texture, and comfort without pushing any one idea too hard. For Studio F. A. Porsche, it is a confident first move into furniture. For Ovios, it is a collaboration that feels well matched. The result is a collection that feels considered, distinctive, and easy to imagine in use.

Click Here to Know More!
Orbitkey’s design story has always revolved around everyday friction, the loose keys in a pocket, the tangled cable in a bag, the small desktop essentials…
Bench vises have long been built around one assumption: the work stays put, and the maker adapts. AxiGlide inverts that. With full 360-degree rotation paired…
This far-out seating solution called Galaktika creates a cocoon of comfort for the user. First designed as an airport armchair, it provides both a cozy…
If an egg is the most minimalist form of a living organism, the THRONE is its minimalist seating device. Made from stainless steel, with a…
The Kickstarter kitchen gadget scene has been flooded with “smart” devices that promise to revolutionize home cooking, but most end up being overpriced versions of…
Hang up lights to suit your mood simply by clipping on electro-luminescent sheets of paper to a hard-wire clip called the Pinch. Simple idea that…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
72,2026-05-29,"
When mainstream smartphone designs became too generic, the next evolution took the form of foldable phones. These devices, targeted towards power users who want the dual utility of a phone and a tablet in one, are quite popular and becoming mainstream, so much so that their look and feel have again come full circle and become boring. We do live in a pace-paced tech world where every next trend is longing for the next exciting evolution.
Making all the other foldables on the market feel boring and obsolete as far as design is concerned, the Vertu’s AI-powered folding smartphone is here for fat-pocketed tech whizzes who are willing to shell out anywhere between $6,880 to $46,880. For a price tag as exorbitant as that, the $3,000 Galaxy Z Trifold or the expected-to-be-pricey iPhone Fold also seems reasonable!
Designer: Vertu







The Hong Kong-based luxury premium smartphone maker has just dropped the Alphafold foldable, which is based on the reskinned Nubia Fold. If bling is your thing, the device goes perfectly well with your lavish lifestyle, even though it doesn’t boast the latest and greatest specifications, considering the eye-watering price tag. In the latter half of 2025, the brand released the AI-powered Agent Q phone, which was equally exorbitant, but this one hits different. The Android foldable comes with a business-oriented AI dubbed Hermes Agent that is tailored for completing productivity tasks thrown at it.







Things like managing workflows, schedules, and business tools, or simply identifying a sudden drop in sales attributed to hidden issues. Hermes can seamlessly interact with a suite of apps like Google’s tools, Amazon Shopping, Expedia, Booking.com, X, Facebook, WhatsApp, and many more. The agent works with the Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software, organizing all your business-related activities into a single dashboard.


Vertu’s custom UI on top of the Android 15 layer manages all this for a custom solution. Since you’ll be sharing a lot of personal and professional data with the in-built AI, Vertu promises the device-level security systems via the A5 security chip only process the data locally, and sensitive information like financial transfers or assigning roles still requires the user’s permissions in real time. The maker extends the concierge service beyond the AI agent, offering human managers to handle needs such as booking private jets or gaining access to exclusive events.


Coming on to the hardware, AlphaFold comes with a primary creaseless folding display measuring 8.05 inches (2480 x 2200 pixel resolution), and an external screen that measures 6.53 inches (2748 x 1172 pixel resolution). Both the screens are LTPO OLED’s with a refresh rate of 120Hz, and shielded on the sides with the carbon fiber and titanium hinge that can withstand 650,000 folds. Powering the innards is the Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 4 processor; however, we wished it had the latest Elite Gen 5 SoC. The CPU is mated to 16GB RAM and has a fixed storage capacity of 1TB. The phone gets a rear triple camera array including a 50-MP primary sensor, a 50-MP ultrawide camera, and a 5-MP telephoto lens. In the mix is a modest 20 MP selfie camera. The device gets a 6,500mAh silicon-carbon battery, which can be fast charged with a 68W wired charger, and wireless charging support.


Talking point of the smartphone is the use of premium materials in the back panel that is handcrafted from Calfskin (priced $6,880), or Italian alligator belly leather (price tag of $8,880 – $13,800), depending on the color and variant chosen. You can also all-in with Himalaya Gold IV or diamond inserts that’ll set you back $46,880. Have that amount of money to spare on a phone without breaking a sweat? Then you can pre-order it right away, globally.




Orbitkey’s design story has always revolved around everyday friction, the loose keys in a pocket, the tangled cable in a bag, the small desktop essentials…
Bench vises have long been built around one assumption: the work stays put, and the maker adapts. AxiGlide inverts that. With full 360-degree rotation paired…
I’ve always had a problem with typing fast and accurately with my iPhone, and like most Indian users who use local lingo in our English…
The modern phone industry has been obsessed with sleekness, pushing for thinner, lighter, and more minimalist designs. But in doing so, accessibility often takes a…
Power banks have a reputation for being bulky. Nobody really likes carrying them in their pockets given how large and heavy they can be, which…
The Prada Phone by LG (KE850) is a real breakthrough in the industry, as it is a unique, sophisticated and elegant mobile phone with the…
We’re an online magazine dedicated to covering the best in international product design. We have a passion for the new, innovative, unique and undiscovered. With our eyes firmly focused on the future.
Editorial Standards and Ethics / Privacy Policy"
73,2026-05-29,"May 29, 2026
5 min read
New powerful GLP-1 drugs drop a lot of weight fast. How does that affect health?
New-generation GLP-1 drugs, such as retatrutide, are achieving higher rates of weight loss. How much weight is too much and too fast to lose?
By Bethany Brookshire edited by Lauren J. Young
Love Employee/Getty Image
Once people understood glucagonlike peptide 1 (GLP-1) drugs’ potential for weight loss, the race among pharmaceutical companies was on. Among the current options, Wegovy can help people lose an average of 10 percent of their body weight in a year, while people taking Zepbound have had about a 15 percent loss, on average, in the same period. Soon the most powerful GLP-1 treatment to date could hit the market: retatrutide.
Already popular on the online peptide gray market, the new drug, originally developed by Eli Lilly, caused participants in a recent clinical study to lose more than a quarter of their body weight over 80 weeks at the highest dose—results comparable to bariatric surgery. U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval could soon follow.
But bodies don’t just drop weight with no potential adverse effects. Weight loss on its own can change muscle, bone and more. As new-generation GLP-1 drugs promote higher rates of loss, clinicians want to ensure that the desire to shed pounds and see improvements such as better cardiovascular health are balanced with the very real risks that may come with the treatment.
If you're enjoying this article, consider supporting our award-winning journalism by subscribing. By purchasing a subscription you are helping to ensure the future of impactful stories about the discoveries and ideas shaping our world today.
People typically lose weight when they eat fewer calories than their body expends. A common way to cut calories is to diet, while bariatric surgery removes or changes part of the gastrointestinal tract to reduce food—and therefore calorie—absorption.
GLP-1 is a gut hormone released in response to a meal that helps people feel full. It also increases insulin release and reduces glucose in the blood. Semaglutide (sold as Ozempic and Wegovy by Novo Nordisk) binds to the hormone’s receptor for longer periods of time, making people feel fuller for longer and eat less. Newer versions of GLP-1 drugs, such as tirzepatide (sold as Zepbound and Mounjaro by Eli Lilly) and Novo Nordisk’s upcoming drug CagriSema target more than one type of gut hormone receptor, while retatrutide hits three.
With any weight loss, not everything that comes off is fat. “You can’t just burn fat,” says Caroline Apovian, an obesity medicine specialist at Harvard Medical School and at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston. (Apovian has previously consulted for both Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly.)
When someone takes in fewer nutrients than they need, their body begins to utilize fat stores. This metabolic process requires amino acids, the building blocks of proteins. If amino acids aren’t adequately replenished from dietary protein, the body will recycle parts of muscle instead. “Anything that is going to produce robust weight loss,” Apovian says, “there’s going to be a percentage of that that’s muscle.”
Reports suggest that GLP-1 treatments may cause between 25 to 40 percent loss of lean mass, which includes muscle mass—although more studies are needed to understand how this affects strength.
People losing a lot of weight very quickly will also lose bone mass, Apovian says. Losing muscle and fat puts less pressure on bones, she explains, so a lighter body could lead to lighter bones.
For many people, lighter bones might not be an issue. But women, who have higher rates of GLP-1 treatment use than men, may at be at heightened risk of bone weakening during menopause, when bone loss naturally accelerates. Apovian has seen patients who lose weight on GLP-1 drugs develop osteopenia, or low bone mass. “If that gets worse, they fracture,” she says. “These are women, primarily, who have reported back to us that [using GLP-1s] wasn’t worth the weight loss.”
Eli Lilly’s recent retatrutide clinical trial did not evaluate participants’ changes in muscle or bone mass, a company spokesperson tells Scientific American; “however, Lilly is continuing to evaluate body composition and long-term outcomes.”
People who lose large amounts of body fat in short periods of time may also be at greater risk of developing gallstones, says Rozalina McCoy, an endocrinologist at the University of Maryland School of Medicine. Speedy weight loss increases bile acids, which are used to break down fat during digestion. As this happens, “there’s cholesterol saturation of the bile, so the bile becomes much more thick and gooey,” she says.
GLP-1 drugs also slow gastric emptying—the movement of food through the gastrointestinal tract—which stops the gallbladder from dispensing bile. “It kind of stays there and forms these gallstones,” McCoy says. Obesity raises the risk of gallstones in general, but data from clinical trials have shown that people on GLP-1 treatments have a 37 percent higher relative risk of developing gallbladder disease, which can include the formation of gallstones.
People considering GLP-1 treatments often worry about rare side effects, such as increased risk of thyroid cancer, “but gallstones happen in a decent subset of these patients,” says Armen Yerevanian, an endocrinologist at Massachusetts General Hospital.
The recent retatrutide trial found people on the drug lost 28.3 percent of their body weight—about 70 pounds—in a year and a half. Though this is comparable to long-term results from bariatric surgery, McCoy says the rate of weight loss from retatrutide isn’t actually as fast as with surgery. “With metabolic surgery, people lose a lot of weight in the first month. We don’t see that with the drugs,” she says.
Retatrutide’s results are also not as fast-acting as methods like the protein-sparing modified fast, a medically monitored diet in which people take in around 800 calories per day, Yerevanian says. (A sedentary adult generally needs to take in between 1,600 and 2,400 calories to maintain their current weight). “I don’t think weight loss from retatrutide is fast enough to be worried from that perspective,” he says.
People who might otherwise use modified fasts or bariatric surgery could be candidates for retatrutide—and some scientists think certain individuals could see health benefits from greater weight reductions than the drug provides. Retatrutide and other new-generation GLP-1 drugs might also aid people who don’t respond to the GLP-1s currently available.
Doctors need to closely monitor people on these drugs to ensure they aren’t losing too much weight or suffering from nutrient deficiencies, Yerevanian says. GLP-1 medication doses are “pretty easy to readjust, because if you pull back, they’ll gain the weight back,” he adds.
Preliminary evidence suggests that weight regained after stopping a GLP-1 treatment is more likely to come back as fat than as lean mass. The benefits to cardiovascular health and diabetes also appear to reverse. Experts, including McCoy, have suggested that such weight rebounds could leave people in an unhealthier state than they were before treatment.
There are ways to reduce muscle and bone loss while taking a GLP-1 drug, Apovian says. Calcium and vitamin D supplementation can help prevent bone loss. For muscle, protein is key. “It seems that most Americans eat enough protein,” she says, but “if you’re on a GLP-1, or you’re trying to lose weight, and you’re on a lower calorie diet, that’s when you need to be cognizant.”
That protein intake must be paired with resistance training, Apovian says. Weight training, even with light weights, can help prevent muscle loss, though she notes most of the patients she treats probably aren’t doing enough resistance training.
As these drugs become more effective and accessible, clinicians need better guidelines around who qualifies for which medication, Yerevanian says. People in larger bodies face significant societal stigma, which may cause some people to feel pressure to lose a lot of weight, fast. But some clinicians say that prescribing these drugs is about balancing risk and benefit, not about a person’s body size. “We never had the ability to lose this much weight in a healthy way before,” McCoy says. “I think as a society, we need to make sure that the focus of all these treatments remains on better health and not on the weight number on a scale.”
Bethany Brookshire is an award-winning science journalist and author of the book Pests: How Humans Create Animal Villains (Ecco, 2022). Her work has appeared in Scientific American, the New York Times, the Washington Post, the Atlantic and other outlets.
If you enjoyed this article, I’d like to ask for your support. Scientific American has served as an advocate for science and industry for 180 years, and right now may be the most critical moment in that two-century history.
I’ve been a Scientific American subscriber since I was 12 years old, and it helped shape the way I look at the world. SciAm always educates and delights me, and inspires a sense of awe for our vast, beautiful universe. I hope it does that for you, too.
If you subscribe to Scientific American, you help ensure that our coverage is centered on meaningful research and discovery; that we have the resources to report on the decisions that threaten labs across the U.S.; and that we support both budding and working scientists at a time when the value of science itself too often goes unrecognized.
In return, you get essential news, captivating podcasts, brilliant infographics, can't-miss newsletters, must-watch videos, challenging games, and the science world's best writing and reporting. You can even gift someone a subscription.
There has never been a more important time for us to stand up and show why science matters. I hope you’ll support us in that mission.
Thank you,
David M. Ewalt, Editor in Chief, Scientific American
Subscribe to Scientific American to learn and share the most exciting discoveries, innovations and ideas shaping our world today.
Scientific American is part of Springer Nature, which owns or has commercial relations with thousands of scientific publications (many of them can be found at www.springernature.com/us). Scientific American maintains a strict policy of editorial independence in reporting developments in science to our readers.
© 2026 SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN, A DIVISION OF SPRINGER NATURE AMERICA, INC.ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
"
74,2026-05-29,"Affiliate links on Android Authority may earn us a commission. Learn more.
12 hours ago

Apple may have accidentally reignited the next smartphone color war. After the surprisingly loud success of the iPhone 17 Pro’s cosmic orange, a fresh leak now suggests Apple is doubling down on bolder Pro colors for next year’s lineup. And if history repeats itself, Android brands probably won’t sit this one out for long.
Well-known tipster Sonny Dickson posted images on X that allegedly show dummy units of the iPhone 18 Pro lineup. The devices appear in four shades: Black, Silver, Light Blue, and a deep Dark Cherry finish that immediately stands out from the rest.
According to Dickson, Cherry could become the breakout color this cycle, especially after the orange variant performed well. Honestly, it’s not hard to see why — the leaked shade looks absolutely rich and premium.
Don’t want to miss the best from Android Authority?
And this wouldn’t be the first time Apple quietly pushed the rest of the industry in a new direction. Last year’s orange iPhone finish quickly became unavoidable. Within months, several Android brands started releasing phones with similar bright orange backs. So, what started as an iPhone color suddenly became everyone’s color. Now it looks like cherry reds may be next.
Last month, tipster Digital Chat Station claimed Apple was testing a deep red finish for the iPhone 18 Pro series and even shared a reference image showing a darker tone. Interestingly, that exact color doesn’t appear in Dickson’s latest leak, suggesting Apple may still be experimenting behind the scenes.
That part matters because Apple is notorious for testing multiple finishes before settling on its final palette. Plenty of prototype colors never make it to store shelves.
And frankly, the smartphone industry could use it. Too many flagship phones today blur together into endless shades of titanium gray, silver, and muted black. A properly executed cherry finish could actually make premium phones feel distinctive again.
If these leaks turn out to be accurate, don’t be surprised when Android brands suddenly discover dark cherry finishes sometime next year. Smartphone trends move fast, but when Apple stumbles onto a hit color, the rest of the market usually notices.
Thank you for being part of our community. Read our Comment Policy before posting."
75,2026-05-29,"This is a Mint Premium article gifted to you.Subscribe to enjoy similar stories.
India is trying to defend both the rupee and the stock market simultaneously. That is an expensive macroeconomic ambition for a country running persistent current account and lately, balance-of-payments deficits. Especially when a large part of its forex reserves are not earned surpluses, but rented capital.
Suppose you take a  ₹10 lakh loan from your neighbourhood bank. The cash sitting in your account may look like an asset. But economically, it is still a liability.
That, in pure accounting terms, is the best way to understand a large part of India’s forex reserves. Instead of ""earned"" savings, unlike China's, India’s forex reserves are largely borrowed liquidity and counter-intervention cushions.
The distinction between a true structural surplus and India’s more fragile version comes down to three realities.
First, much of this is “borrowed capital”, not “earned surplus”. These are largely IOUs— liabilities—much like the  ₹10 lakh loan sitting as cash in your account.
True earned reserves come from sustained current account surpluses. India rarely runs one. Our dollars largely come from:
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs/FIIs)
Foreign direct investment (FDI), including venture capital funds and private equity flows, which constitute a large, approximately 75%, share of total FDI into India
External commercial borrowings (ECBs)
Invisibles—remittances from overseas Indians and related flows
Of these, remittances are perhaps the only truly durable component of our forex reserves. Venture capital- and private equity-driven FDI certainly isn’t.
A large portion of India’s reserves are therefore better understood as “rented capital” rather than earned surpluses.
The key macro number here is the balance of payments. It remained negative, though contextually understandable, during the global crisis of FY09, and turned positive in FY14. But projections for FY26 and FY27 look positively sepulchral, with estimated deficits of roughly $30 billion and $70 billion, respectively.
It is worth remembering that after every major market correction, foreign capital tends to return aggressively. In FY10, following the global financial crisis, FII inflows surged to roughly $20 billion. In FY14, after the taper-tantrum period, they returned with another roughly $10 billion.
Which brings us to India’s present macro dilemma. Why is India beginning to resemble a Fragile One or Two economy again?
As I wrote in Moneycontrol in February 2025, the mutual fund SIP boom was increasingly providing exit liquidity for departing FIIs. In the process, it risked triggering a macro crisis.
Eighteen months on, that is precisely what appears to be happening.
The ballast provided by SIP flows has prevented a substantial fall in Indian equities in rupee terms. But the boil has merely surfaced elsewhere — in the rupee’s increasingly brittle performance.
So a crucial question arises: which is the lesser evil — a collapsing stock market or a collapsing currency?
The intelligent choice is: a collapsing stock market.
A melting stock market does almost no lasting harm to the real economy. Even in developed countries with higher equity ownership, the impact is often transient.
In a country like India, where direct equity ownership is relatively limited, the impact of a market implosion on the real economy is likely to be even smaller.
But the same cannot be said of a currency unravelling. A forex crisis touches every single household. It increases prices. It raises the country's cost of capital. It damages the safe haven perception of a country. Remember the debt and currency ""Tequila"" crises that swept through Latin America in the 1980s? Their reputational scars still endure.
Also, most stock market meltdowns eventually recover, and often quite quickly.
But currency meltdowns almost never do. There are remarkably few examples over the last three decades of currencies fully recovering to pre-crisis levels after a major collapse.
Let's look at the situation clear-headedly. The Indian stock market has absorbed the FII punches relatively well because of mutual fund flows. But the rupee has been tottering around like a punch-drunk fighter.
Consider the counterfactual. Had domestic investors not poured savings into mutual funds, FIIs would not have received exits of this magnitude at relatively stable prices. Selling pressure without willing domestic liquidity would have triggered a far sharper market correction.
But India would also have lost far fewer dollars. Instead, we would have seen hollow anthills of inflated market capitalizations crumble to saner levels.
That would have been a pretty good macro outcome for the country.
Historically, in periods of macro stress, the stock market has acted as the corrective spring mechanism that made dollar exits unviable.
Think about it: which sensible FII sells billions in a market that has tanked 30-40%? The overvalued instantly become undervalued.
Sell decisions become ""no point selling"" certitudes. Better still, they easily get morphed into ""market is cheap, let's buy"" eureka moments. This can happen over a weekend of drinking in Manhattan.
That is the dilemma India faces today. There is relatively little India can quickly do on the capital account front to bring in large dollar inflows, except raise high-cost NRI deposits.
But we can, at least theoretically, tourniquet outflows. India recently disincentivised gold purchases. That affected far more Indians than equity investing does.
So why not SIPs? Of course, this is a very vocal constituency, so it's not going to be easy.
Remember, however, that in the 1990s, we had zero taxation on FIIs and around 20% on domestic investors. We needed dollars then. We need them again now.
It is probably time to consider raising taxation, even if temporary, on stock market investments for domestic mutual fund investors and simultaneously, permanently reducing taxation on future investments for FPIs.
Consequence? The stock market probably crashes. No country went bankrupt because of a stock market crash. But countries routinely go bankrupt because of currency crashes.
With our import cover (merchandise + services) down, on a forecast basis, to just about six months now, India doesn't have the luxury of time.
The estimated FY27 balance-of-payments deficit of $70 billion could amount to roughly 12% of net forex reserves after adjusting for forward sales. In FY09, the comparable figure was about 8%
Factor in also a worsening remittances outlook, a massive $ 50-70 billion balance of payment debit, and the inescapable, structural reduction of our biggest trade surplus of about $45 billion with the US following our tacit commitment to increase imports to $100 billion a year.
We simply cannot afford foreign capital a fully convertible currency exits while running a massive balance of payments deficit. A price must be extracted for exits. A crashing stock market is that price.
In fact, a crushed stock market almost always guarantees massive foreign inflows. We saw this after FY09 ($20 billion) and again after FY14 ($10 billion). Domestic investors will take temporary hits, but the market always recovers once the macro crisis recedes. Everybody wins.
The Reserve Bank of India can't blow up our forex reserves defending the rupee, giving foreign capital minimal-cost exits. Nor can Indian investors blow up their savings, giving foreign capital zero-cost exits.
India cannot fight a two-front war—defending both the exchange rate and elevated equity valuations simultaneously.
That twin burden risks becoming an incendiary Molotov cocktail.
You do not fix a blister by pressing it. The pressure merely surfaces elsewhere — as it increasingly has in the rupee.
Sensible forex policy is predictive and proactive. Otherwise, it is just hopeful astrology.
Shankar Sharma is a well-known investor and founder of GQ FinXRay, an AI company. Shlok Rathod and Alok Kumar provided the data.
Catch all the Business News, Market News, Breaking News Events and Latest News Updates on Live Mint. Download The Mint News App to get Daily Market Updates.
Download the Mint app and read premium stories
Log in to our website to save your bookmarks. It'll just take a moment.
Oops! Looks like you have exceeded the limit to bookmark the image. Remove some to bookmark this image."
76,2026-05-29,"Customizing a motorcycle is, at its heart, a personal endeavor. But when your dream builder is half a world away in Taipei, and you’re sitting in Los Angeles, that personal endeavor quickly morphs into a logistical nightmare of shipping containers, customs declarations, and the labyrinthine headaches of registration and inspections.
Winston Yeh of Rough Crafts has spent years watching his distinctive, blacked-out aesthetic go viral globally, and he’s clearly been thinking about how to bridge that geographic gap. Enter the Rough Crafts Remote Build concept.
“The idea is simple, but powerful,” Winston explains. “Every component is designed and manufactured in Taiwan, then shipped overseas. A local donor bike is sourced, and final assembly is carried out with a trusted local builder.” It’s a method that preserves the soul of a one-off custom while stripping away much of the red tape. The owner receives a resolved, turn-key machine without ever having to worry about fitment or a box of parts guessing game.
This 2023 Harley-Davidson Street Bob, aptly named the Race Guerilla, is the inaugural Remote Build for the United States. To ensure the execution met his exacting standards, Winston tapped a friend in a very high place: the legendary Maxwell Hazan. Having a builder of Hazan’s caliber as your ‘local assembly guy’ is the ultimate flex, ensuring the final product is as precise as if Winston had turned the wrenches himself.
Rough Crafts has built its empire on fat, aggressive Harleys, but Winston felt limited by the tire market. “Tires are one of the few elements we can’t create ourselves,” he says. “But the Sportster S came with something unique: a true ‘fat race’ tire. Not just wide, but with the tall sidewall and stance that gives the bike its presence.” When a client requested a machine that pushed the Rough Crafts’ Guerilla aesthetic toward a more extreme, performance-driven edge, Winston saw his opening. The goal wasn't just to make it look fast; it was to infuse the Softail platform with a sharper, race-driven interpretation of a performance Harley. While the stock frame and swingarm remain unaltered, the components surrounding them are anything but standard.
The heart of the build is the Milwaukee-Eight 114ci engine. In stock trim, this V-twin is already a powerhouse, pushing out a healthy 94 horsepower and 119 lb-ft of torque at just 3,000 RPM. Winston left the internals alone to maintain reliability but focused on the breathing and aesthetics, utilizing a suite of Rough Crafts x Arlen Ness parts, including the air filter, intake, and finned rocker arm covers.
The six-speed transmission was upgraded for a more tactile feel with a Rebuffini Comet hydraulic clutch housing. For the exhaust, Winston went with a scrambler-style Rough Crafts 2-into-1 unit. It sits high and tight against the motor, providing a sharp visual contrast to the bike's low-slung, grounded posture.
The suspension and braking specs read like a World Superbike wish list. The front end was overhauled with Öhlins FGRT216 inverted forks, held in place by custom Rough Crafts triple clamps designed to accommodate the extra width of the front wheel. To balance the back, an Öhlins HD503 shock was fitted, providing the damping control needed for a bike with this much torque.
Stopping power is equally formidable. Winston opted for a dual radial Beringer Brakes setup, featuring 4-piston calipers biting down on custom disc carriers. The wheels themselves are the crown jewels: BST (BlackStoneTek) Torque Tek carbon fiber units, measuring 17 x 4.5 inches up front and 16 x 5.0 inches at the rear. These are wrapped in Dunlop GT503 rubber, drastically reducing unsprung weight and sharpening the big twin's handling.
The ergonomics are quintessential Rough Crafts. A set of Rough Crafts Fighter bars sit in Rough Crafts risers, adorned with Rebuffini RR90+ CAN bus hand controls for a clutter-free cockpit. While the foot controls remain in the stock position, they’ve been dressed up with Rough Crafts pegs. The bodywork is anchored by Rough Crafts’ own M8 Guerilla fender and seat kit, providing that signature bobbed tail.
Finally, there is the paint. Handled by Rover Works Custom Paint, the finish is an unsurprising black-on-black affair. It’s a masterful interplay of matte-black surfaces and gloss carbon-fiber weaves that highlight the high-tech materials beneath. It’s a look Winston has relied on for over a decade, yet in the form of the Race Guerilla, it feels entirely new, a Rough Crafts build executed globally, without a single compromise.
Stay up-to-date with the latest news, updates, and offers. Get the world's best customs delivered to your inbox.

Your privacy matters. Opt out any time.
Stay up-to-date with the latest news, updates, and offers. Get the world's best customs delivered to your inbox.

Your privacy matters. Opt out any time.
Get the world's best customs delivered to your inbox!
Bike EXIF is the world's leading custom motorcycle website. We showcase the best custom bikes from around the globe, along with the latest news, reviews, and features.
© 2008-2026 | COLE PUBLISHING | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED"
77,2026-05-29,"Prediction market Kalshi filed a federal lawsuit against a Minnesota bill to criminalize operating, hosting or promoting such a platform in the state starting Aug. 1.
The filing follows a motion filed by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) on May 19, the day after the law was signed by Governor Tim Walz, arguing that the legislation violated the U.S. Constitution by criminalizing at the state level the operation of prediction markets governed by federal regulators.
In its filing, Kalshi claimed the law violates the Supremacy Clause of the constitution, which says the federal Commodity Exchange Act (CEA) grants the CFTC “exclusive jurisdiction” over derivatives and swaps traded on designated contract markets (DCMs).
The platform also challenged a provision that criminalizes the marketing or advertising of prediction markets, saying it violated the First Amendment.
On Wednesday, U.S. President Donald Trump said it was critically important that the CFTC maintain sole authority over prediction markets, echoing CFTC Chair Michael Seligl.
Kalshi has recently won similar preliminary injunctions against enforcement attempts in New Jersey and Arizona.
Prediction markets are facing challenges outside the U.S. and in the past week have been banned in countries including Indonesia, Spain and India.
The U.S. government is conducting a probe into prediction markets, with a House of Representatives committee investigation being confirmed last week.
Mehr für Sie
JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon criticized Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong and warned the current CLARITY Act framework could ultimately fail, as banks and crypto firms clash over whether stablecoin issuers should be allowed to offer yield-bearing rewards that resemble bank deposits.
Was Sie wissen sollten: 
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
78,2026-05-29,"Bitcoin BTC$73,605.48 added as much as 0.4% since midnight UTC on Friday and was recently just 0.07% higher after slumping to its lowest level since early April the day before. 
Thursday's drop extended a decline that has emerged over the past three weeks after a failed attempt to climb above $83,000. There is now a chance that the rejection will have contributed to a series of lower highs dating back to October — a key characteristic of a bear market.
Ether (ETH) tracked bitcoin. It fell to $1,965 on Thursday before staging a recovery back above $2,000.
U.S stocks continued to outperform the crypto market on Friday, with S&P 500 and Nasdaq 100 index futures both posting 0.15% gains as the equity gauges approached fresh record highs.
There is no clear explanation why the crypto market is struggling against sectors it has historically been correlated with. The divergence since early October, however, aligns with a leverage wipeout that the market has failed to fully recover from.
More For You
A hopeful posting on Iran from President Trump helped erase morning losses.
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
79,2026-05-29,Snag the newest Pokémon TCG: Chaos Rising Elite Trainer Box for a surprisingly low price on Amazon just one week after launch.
80,2026-05-29,
81,2026-05-29,
82,2026-05-29,
83,2026-05-29,"As India and Canada work toward a free trade deal, a Windsor, Ont., business that manufactures coatings for the automotive rubber industry is also eyeing the Indian market amid uncertainty linked to U.S. tariffs. “We need to be there,"" says the president of G…"
84,2026-05-29,"
            POPULAR SEARCHES
          

            BROWSE BY
          
This page may contain affiliate links to legal sports betting partners. If you sign up or place a wager, FOX Sports may be compensated. Read more about Sports Betting on FOX Sports.
The Polymarket promo code FOX gets new users a $50 trading bonus on a $20 deposit, available now on the world's largest prediction market platform.
Polymarket has processed over $10 billion in total trading volume and is now fully available to U.S. users on iOS, with Android availability continuing to expand, regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and legal in 49 states plus Washington, D.C.
Download the app, enter code FOX at sign-up, and deposit $20 to claim your $50 trading bonus.
Enter promo code FOX during account registration in the Polymarket mobile app to qualify for the deposit $20, get $50 trading bonus. The code must be entered before completing sign-up and cannot be applied to an existing account.
Once your account is created and the code is entered, deposit a minimum of $20 and the $50 trading bonus will be credited automatically. Claim your $50 trading bonus with code FOX and start trading on thousands of sports and event markets right away.
Polymarket is the world's largest prediction market platform. Users buy and sell shares in the outcomes of real-world events, from NFL games to presidential elections to interest rate decisions.
There is no house. No vig. Prices are set entirely by other traders in the market.
Every market is a yes or no question. A yes share trading at $0.60 means the market gives that outcome a 60 percent chance. If you are right, the share pays out $1.00. If you are wrong, it pays $0. Buy at $0.60, win, and you net $0.40 in profit.
Polymarket processed over $2.6 billion in trading volume during the 2024 U.S. presidential election. It is regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the same federal body that oversees the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Pick a market. Choose yes or no. Buy shares.
The price you pay reflects the market's current probability. Pay $0.35 for a yes share and the market thinks that outcome has a 35 percent chance of happening. As more traders agree with you and buy in, the price rises.
You do not have to wait for the event to resolve. Sell your shares any time before the market closes. Buy yes at $0.35, price moves to $0.70, sell and pocket the difference. It works like a stock, except the position settles at $1.00 or $0.
Deposits go in through credit card, debit card, or bank transfer. No crypto wallet needed. Balances are held in USDC, a stablecoin pegged to the dollar, and convert automatically when you deposit.
If you have used FanDuel, DraftKings, or any regulated sportsbook, the core difference with Polymarket comes down to one thing: there is no house. Sportsbooks build a margin into every line, typically between 5 and 8 percent. Every trade on Polymarket is peer-to-peer. The platform takes nothing on binary market positions.
The other big difference is scope. Sportsbooks cover sports. Polymarket covers sports, politics, finance, pop culture, climate, technology, and anything else the community creates a market for. During the 2024 election cycle, Polymarket prediction markets on the presidential race were more widely cited in mainstream news than most polling aggregators.
Here is how the two compare on the basics:
Polymarket offers one of the deepest sports prediction market libraries available to U.S. users, covering over 13 sports with thousands of live and upcoming markets. For fans who follow FOX Sports programming, the platform is a natural way to put sports knowledge to work in a format that goes beyond a standard game line.
NFL markets on Polymarket span the full season calendar, from Super Bowl and division winner futures to week-by-week game outcome markets and player-focused questions. Off-season markets covering draft position, free agency outcomes, and contract situations keep the NFL category active year-round.
NBA prediction markets include game outcomes, conference and championship futures, MVP and award markets, and end-of-season statistical leaders. During the NBA playoffs, Polymarket generates some of its highest trading volumes in sports, with series outcome and game-level markets updated in real time as games progress.
Baseball markets cover division races, World Series futures, individual awards including MVP, Cy Young, and Rookie of the Year, and game outcome markets throughout the 162-game regular season and postseason. Season-long statistical markets on home run leaders and batting title races are also available.
NHL markets include Stanley Cup and conference futures, division leader markets, individual award questions, and playoff series outcome markets. Coverage intensifies during the Stanley Cup Playoffs with daily game-level markets across all series.
Beyond the major professional leagues, Polymarket also covers college football and college basketball, UFC and boxing, soccer, and golf. Markets on pop culture, politics, finance, climate, and technology are available for users who want to trade on events outside of sports.
Prediction markets reward the same skills as sports analysis: reading information before the market adjusts, staying disciplined, and not overcommitting to a single position. These principles apply whether you are trading on an NFL game or a political outcome.
Prices on Polymarket move on information. If you see a story that the market has not priced in yet, that is your edge. Trade before the price catches up.
Sharp swings in price often overshoot. A team losing their starting quarterback may send yes shares on ""win the game"" to $0.10 when $0.25 is more realistic. Emotional trading creates opportunity on both sides.
One of the biggest differences from a traditional sportsbook: you can sell at any time. If your position is up 30 percent and the event is still a week out, locking in that gain is a valid strategy. Holding to resolution introduces more risk.
Concentrating everything in one outcome amplifies both upside and downside. Spreading positions across multiple markets in different categories reduces the impact of a single wrong call.
Thin markets can have wide spreads between buy and sell prices. Check trading volume before entering a position. High-volume markets on the NFL or NBA will have tighter spreads and easier exits than niche markets with low activity.
The Polymarket app is available on iOS and Android and covers everything you need to trade: live markets, your full portfolio, deposits, and withdrawals. Here is what stands out:
For a full rundown of regulated sportsbook apps available in your state, see the best betting apps guide at FOX Sports.
Polymarket and Kalshi are the two largest CFTC-regulated prediction market platforms in the U.S. The core mechanic is the same on both: you buy yes or no shares, correct outcomes pay $1.00, incorrect pay $0. Where they differ is in focus.
Both platforms are worth using if you trade across different categories. For details on Kalshi's current welcome offer, see the Kalshi promo code page at FOX Sports.
Polymarket uses Moonpay to handle deposits and withdrawals inside the app. No external crypto wallet or exchange is required. All account balances are held in USDC, a stablecoin pegged one-to-one with the U.S. dollar, and the conversion from dollars happens automatically when you deposit.
The promo code FOX is a welcome offer for new users, not a referral program. Once your account is active, Polymarket has a separate referral system for existing users who want to earn ongoing rewards for bringing others to the platform.
The Polymarket referral program works through a unique referral link tied to your account, not a shareable code. When someone signs up through your link and trades on the platform, you earn 30 percent of the trading fees they generate for their first 180 days. To qualify, your account needs to reach a lifetime trading volume of $10,000.
This is distinct from the sign-up bonus. New users should enter promo code FOX at registration to claim the $50 trading bonus. The referral revenue share program is for established users looking to earn ongoing rewards after hitting the volume threshold.
Polymarket is legal and regulated in the United States under the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. The platform operates as a CFTC-designated contract market, the same regulatory classification as major financial derivatives exchanges. Prediction markets are legally distinct from sports betting and operate under federal commodity law rather than state gaming regulation.
Polymarket is available to U.S. users aged 18 and older in 49 states and Washington, D.C. Nevada is the only state where the platform is currently unavailable. The $50 trading bonus with promo code FOX has additional restrictions and is not available in AZ, IL, MA, MD, MI, MT, NJ, NV, or OH. Users located in those states can still access and trade on the platform in most cases, but the deposit bonus does not apply.
Polymarket is available in the following states. Nevada is the only state where it is not currently offered.
For regulated sportsbook options available in your state, visit the sportsbook promos page at FOX Sports for current welcome offers from FanDuel, DraftKings, BetMGM, and other legal operators.
Trading on prediction markets should always be approached as entertainment. If it stops feeling that way, free, confidential support is available around the clock from these organizations:
The current Polymarket promo code is FOX. Enter it at sign-up in the promo code field to receive a $50 trading bonus after depositing $20 or more. The bonus is available to new users in eligible states and is credited automatically after the qualifying deposit.
The Polymarket invite code FOX works the same as the promo code. Polymarket uses the terms promo code, invite code, and referral code interchangeably for the sign-up bonus code. Entering FOX during registration gives you the deposit $20, get $50 trading bonus in eligible states.
The Polymarket referral code FOX is the code for FOX Sports users claiming the new user trading bonus. It functions identically to the promo code and invite code. Enter FOX at the point of sign-up before completing account creation to qualify for the $50 bonus on a $20 deposit.
No. Polymarket is a prediction market, not a sportsbook. Rather than placing a bet against a house with margin built into the line, you buy and sell shares in event outcomes directly with other users. Prices are set entirely by supply and demand among traders, and Polymarket does not take a position on any outcome. The platform is regulated by the CFTC under federal commodity law, not a state gaming commission.
Polymarket is available to U.S. users aged 18 and older in 49 states and Washington, D.C. Nevada is currently the only state where the platform is not available. The $50 trading bonus with code FOX is additionally unavailable in AZ, IL, MA, MD, MI, MT, NJ, NV, and OH.
You can fund a Polymarket account with a credit card, debit card, or bank transfer through the Moonpay integration built into the app. No cryptocurrency wallet is required. Account balances are held in USDC, a U.S. dollar-pegged stablecoin, and the conversion from dollars to USDC happens automatically at deposit.
No. The promo code FOX must be entered during the registration process and cannot be applied to an existing account retroactively. Make sure to enter the code before completing sign-up to unlock the $50 trading bonus on a $20 deposit."
85,2026-05-29,"Investing
25,000 XRP bought at the Q1 2021 closing price of $0.57 cost $14,250, peaked at around $91,250 when XRP hit its $3.65 cycle high in July 2025, and is worth $33,000 today.
25,000 XRP is a good financial position and enough to cover emergencies, pay off debts, or fund a major purchase in some parts of the world, but it isn’t enough to become your retirement plan on its own.
25,000 XRP would not be enough to retire at $1.32, but it could become a retirement plan if XRP trades above $20-$40, which grows the portfolio to between $500,000 and $1 million.

					Sending You to Google News in 3

© voronaman / Shutterstock.com
XRP (CRYPTO: XRP) is back trading around $1.32 after briefly losing the $1.30 support level. With the recent recovery, investors are betting on XRP’s long-term upside. So, Is 25,000 XRP enough to retire on?
The answer depends entirely on your entry price and how high XRP eventually climbs. If you bought 25,000 XRP at the Q1 2021 closing price of $0.57, you’d have invested $14,250. That position would have surged to around $91,250 at XRP’s $3.65 cycle high in July 2025. But for investors buying now, the math and the retirement target look very different.
Frame Stock Footage / Shutterstock.com
At today’s price of $1.32, 25,000 XRP is worth around $33,000. That’s a good financial position and enough to cover emergencies, pay off debts, or fund a major purchase in low cost-of-living regions. However, it isn’t enough to become your retirement plan on its own, especially when standard retirement targets are often within the $500,000 to $1 million range or more.
The difference between today’s value and a retirement-sized portfolio is why investors focus on where XRP could go in the next market cycle. The portfolio won’t reach retirement levels unless XRP climbs well past its previous all-time high and demand is strong enough to absorb the profit-taking that will follow.
For long-term investors, any modest price increase will deliver returns. Every time XRP gains $1 from here, your 25,000 XRP portfolio grows by at least $25,000.
voronaman / Shutterstock.com
Before your 25,000 XRP portfolio would look like a retirement plan, the XRP price would have to reach one of these four targets.
If XRP rallies to between $5 and $10, it would set a new all-time high and turn a 25,000 XRP portfolio from $33,000 today to between $125,000 and $250,000. That’s roughly 278.8% to 657.6% upside from current levels, enough to change your financial picture significantly.
However, this range is unlikely to deliver a full retirement for most investors, especially in high-income countries where retirement targets commonly exceed $500,000. A $125,000 to $250,000 windfall works better as a foundation to build on, whether through diversifying into other assets, paying off major debts, or letting it compound over time.
At $20 per XRP, your portfolio would be worth $500,000, a 1,415.2% gain from current levels. Half a million dollars is the most common lower boundary for a modest retirement, particularly for investors who also own a home, have low debt, or live in regions with lower living costs.
However, reaching this level would require a combination of massive institutional inflows and stronger utility adoption. Even at $500,000, retirement is more comfortable when paired with other income sources like pensions, property income, or business earnings, especially in higher-cost regions.
If XRP reaches $40, 25,000 XRP would become a $1 million portfolio, which is the classic threshold for a comfortable retirement.
A million-dollar portfolio can generate meaningful passive income if managed correctly. But to reach this level, XRP’s market cap would need to grow from the current $81.42 billion to around $2.5 trillion. That’s well above Bitcoin’s current market cap of $1.47 trillion and slightly larger than the total crypto market cap at $2.48 trillion.
At this price, the portfolio could support decades of retirement spending without aggressive withdrawals.
25,000 XRP would not be enough to retire at the current $1.32 price, but it could become a retirement plan if XRP trades above $20-$40. That requires market conditions that don’t exist today, though they aren’t unprecedented for XRP historically.
A 25,000 XRP portfolio would only become retirement wealth through staged exits, not a single peak sale. A staged profit-taking plan reduces timing risk. For example, you could sell 10% at $5, another 10% at $10, and scale out as the price climbs. That way, you lock in real money along the way rather than risking everything on timing the top.
Sam Daodu is a crypto analyst who's spent nearly a decade making blockchain understandable—no easy task when most whitepapers read like fever dreams. He writes for 24/7 Wall St., covering Bitcoin, altcoins, and crypto market analysis for investors. Before crypto, he was a tech writer (back when explaining ""the cloud"" was peak innovation). Since 2018, he's written for CoinTelegraph, Yahoo Finance, The Block, Cryptonews, Zypto, Rain, and more—basically anywhere people want crypto news without the headache. Sam runs MacLabs Marketing, a content agency for crypto brands tired of sounding like AI wrote their website. He also publishes free crypto education on his site for Web3 enthusiasts who think ""gas fees"" is a typo. When he's not writing or staring at charts, Sam's either: - Watching anime (currently convinced One Piece has better tokenomics than most altcoins) - At the gym sculpting himself into a Greek god - Listening to the music your mum warned you only bad boys listen to Connect: LinkedIn | Email | MacLabs Marketing
Our top personal finance-related articles today. Your wallet will thank you later.
Can XRP (CRYPTO: XRP) make you a millionaire? This is one of the most searched questions in crypto right now,…
According to a recent Federal Reserve survey, the majority of Americans require over half a million dollars in savings to…
For most people, deciding how much of their monthly income to save can be a real challenge. If you’re a…
It might sound backwards, but the people who spent decades earning the most should be the last ones running out…
Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA | NVDA Price Prediction) has been a juggernaut, transforming more than a few investors into millionaires or moving…
Holding 10,000 XRP (CRYPTO: XRP) today means you have around $13,300 at its current price of $1.33. So, how high…
Retiring at 55 can feel like crossing a finish line, but your 401(k) does not instantly align with your new…
Retirement planning is like going on a long trip: you need a roadmap to know where you’re headed and regular…
An $85,000 annual retirement income is well above median U.S. household income and could cover most middle-class expenses. But whether…"
86,2026-05-29,"Advocates have argued that Brazil’s government has dragged its feat over Fordlandia’s fate, leaving the historic site to decay.
Save
Share
Federal prosecutors in Brazil have celebrated a court decision mandating the preservation of Fordlandia, a 1928 city built by the United States industrialist Henry Ford in the middle of the Amazon rainforest.
The court ruling was the result of decades of advocacy, as historians, activists and residents pushed for the crumbling site to be protected.
Some hope the site can ultimately be restored and used to anchor the local tourism industry in the Brazilian state of Para.
In a statement on Friday, the Federal Public Prosecutor’s Office called the court ruling a “landmark” decision that will rectify a gap in Brazil’s cultural preservation efforts.
“The complex has suffered from neglect for decades,” the office wrote.
“The ruling acknowledges the arguments presented by the Federal Public Prosecutor’s Office in the case, highlighting the historical omission by public authorities.”
The decision requires the federal government, the state of Para, the local government in Aveiro and the National Institute of Historical and Artistic Heritage (IPHAN) to collaborate to protect the site.
“They must all act together to save the property, which is in an advanced state of decay,” the prosecutor’s office said.
Since the 1990s, an administrative process has been under way to determine whether Fordlandia should be preserved.
But prosecutors — on both the federal and state level — have pointed out that the “inertia” of the government towards the site has “put its conservation at risk”.
In Friday’s statement, the federal office argued that Fordlandia’s historical significance is clear.
“Fordlandia is a landmark chapter in the history of Brazil and world industry,” it wrote. “The project represented the American attempt to break the British monopoly on rubber, bringing cutting-edge infrastructure – like a hospital, running water, electricity and a cinema – to the heart of the Amazon in the 1920s.”
Construction on Fordlandia began in 1928, as Ford tried to corner the market on rubber production.
The founder of the Ford Motor Company, Ford was one of the wealthiest men of his time, and he invested nearly $20m in flattening a stretch of the Amazon and erecting his dream city, where he could enforce his vision for healthy living and efficient work.
The Fordlandia experiment ultimately failed. Workers rioted over the strict rules governing their behaviour, including a imposed diet composed of food items like oatmeal and canned peaches. Alcohol and tobacco were banned.
Ford, too, struggled, losing control over his company as competitors in the car industry started to dominate the US market.
But one of the key problems was the rubber itself. Ford’s plans for a vast plantation to supply his company with rubber for tyres failed, as the crops suffered from fungus and pests. By 1945, Fordlandia was sold to the Brazilian government for a meagre $244,200.
Still, in the decades since, thousands of residents have continued to live at Fordlandia. Without maintenance, though, the infrastructure has started to rot, and running water is unreliable.
Speaking to Al Jazeera in 2024, residents recalled how the city’s hospital burned down in 2012, and looters have ravaged the city.
“There was a good healthcare system. We could go to the hospital, and we were given medicine,” resident Raimunda Maria Silva Santos told journalist Eleonore Hughes.
Santos added that she had gone 30 days without water. “That golden age is behind us.”
Poverty remains high in the Brazilian Amazon. In the heavily forested state of Para, for instance, the poverty rate was 39.3 percent in 2023.
In Friday’s statement, federal prosecutors emphasised that, under the court decision, locals have a right to see Fordlandia restored.
“The district remains a fundamental site of memory for Brazilian society, which now has the legal right to demand its recovery and preservation for future generations,” they said.









Follow Al Jazeera English:"
87,2026-05-29,"Raydium’s RAY (CRYPTO: $RAY ) token has landed on Robinhood (NASDAQ: $HOOD ) and Revolut after the Solana (CRYPTO: $SOL ) based decentralized exchange crossed $1 trillion in cumulative trading volume, giving one of Solana’s largest DeFi assets a wider path into mainstream retail finance.
The back-to-back listings put RAY inside two regulated consumer platforms spanning the United States, the United Kingdom and the European Union. Robinhood reports roughly 25 million funded accounts, while Revolut has more than 50 million users globally. Raydium said RAY is the first token from a Solana-based decentralized exchange to be available on both apps.
The listing milestone follows a year of stronger on-chain activity for Raydium, which has become the highest-volume decentralized exchange on Solana across recent measurement periods. The protocol said it has now processed more than $1 trillion in on-chain trading volume and generated $370 million in lifetime protocol revenue.
Raydium is also trying to position that liquidity beyond standard token trading. Tokenized equity volume on the protocol crossed $1 billion this month, with U.S.-listed stocks including Tesla (NASDAQ: $TSLA ) and Nvidia (NASDAQ: $NVDA ) routing through Raydium liquidity pools through xStocks and related issuer partnerships. The protocol also supports tokenized real-world asset activity tied to Figure’s PRIME consortium and stablecoin pools including Circle’s USDC (CRYPTO: $USDC ) and PayPal USD (CRYPTO: $PYUSD ).
Chief marketing officer Ben Ungvari said “there is currently no other DeFi token on both Robinhood and Revolut,” adding that the listings followed the protocol’s scale across Solana liquidity pools.
That distribution gives Raydium a new layer of visibility at a time when DeFi venues are trying to move from crypto-native usage toward consumer finance access. It also gives Solana’s on-chain market structure a more direct connection to retail apps that already serve stock, commodity and digital asset traders.
Raydium still depends on users choosing on-chain liquidity over centralized venues, but the latest listings make that access less distant for mainstream traders.
Raydium (CRYPTO: RAY) is currently trading at $0.70 U.S. per digital token."
88,2026-05-29,"Bitcoin traded around $73,500 Friday morning Hong Kong time, according to CoinDesk market data, roughly 10% below the low-$80,000 levels reached earlier this month, as new data from CryptoQuant suggests one of the market's most widely cited bullish indicators may instead reflect a shortage of buyers.
A record 15.8 million BTC is now classified as long-term holder supply, but CryptoQuant says the figure says less about investor conviction than it does about market turnover. As whale accumulation stalls and demand from ETFs and other large holders slows, fewer coins are changing hands and more are aging into long-term status.
Record long-term holder supply is typically viewed as bullish because it suggests investors are accumulating bitcoin and removing coins from active circulation. 
During healthy bull markets, new buyers absorb selling from existing holders, then hold those coins long enough to join the long-term holder cohort themselves. The result is shrinking available supply alongside growing demand, a combination that has historically supported higher prices.
CryptoQuant's thesis is that record dormant supply layered over declining activity creates a thinner market beneath the surface, one where relatively small shifts in buying or selling can have an outsized impact on price.
The firm estimated short-term holder supply has fallen by roughly 2.2 million BTC since December. About 900,000 BTC of that decline came from Coinbase reserves aging beyond the 155-day threshold used to classify long-term holders. The reclassification is technically an accounting event, but it is indicative of the report's central argument: a growing share of bitcoin is simply not moving.
With fewer new buyers entering the market, coins remain in the hands of existing holders for longer periods, gradually migrating into the long-term holder category. CryptoQuant argues the resulting record in long-term holder supply should be interpreted as evidence that market participation has slowed.
Whale balances, defined as wallets holding between 1,000 and 10,000 BTC, are contracting year-over-year at the fastest pace of 2026, while monthly balance growth has remained near zero since February. 
At the same time, annual growth in dolphin balances, wallets holding between 100 and 1,000 BTC, has slowed sharply after peaking at 970,000 BTC in October 2025 (just as monthly inflows into BTC ETFs hit $3.4 billion). CryptoQuant notes that the dolphin cohort is dominated by spot ETFs and corporate treasury buyers, making it one of the clearest gauges of institutional demand.
Other market indicators point in the same direction.
Glassnode said in a recent report that spot demand has weakened, ETF inflows have faded from earlier highs, and capital flows remain too modest to support a sustained move above key cost-basis levels near $78,000. The firm's Realized Profit/Loss Ratio currently sits at 1.56, below the 2 to 5 range typically associated with the early stages of persistent bull markets.
Prediction markets are also leaning toward stagnation rather than breakout. A Polymarket contract tracking BTC's May 30 closing range assigns roughly 84% odds to BTC finishing between $72,000 and $76,000.
The common thread across on-chain data, ETF activity, and prediction markets is not outright bearishness but a lack of participation. Bitcoin is still holding above $70,000, yet the ownership structure beneath the market increasingly reflects investors sitting on existing positions rather than new buyers stepping in.
More For You
A hopeful posting on Iran from President Trump helped erase morning losses.
Disclosure & Polices: CoinDesk is an award-winning media outlet that covers the cryptocurrency industry. Its journalists abide by a strict set of editorial policies. CoinDesk has adopted a set of principles aimed at ensuring the integrity, editorial independence and freedom from bias of its publications. CoinDesk is part of Bullish (NYSE:BLSH), an institutionally focused global digital asset platform that provides market infrastructure and information services. Bullish owns and invests in digital asset businesses and digital assets and CoinDesk employees, including journalists, may receive Bullish equity-based compensation."
89,2026-05-29,"People who are denied the use of electronic ID solutions such as BankID find it difficult to live full, independent lives in Norway, according to Marte Eidsand Kjørven. She is highly critical of what she describes as a lack of public oversight.
Although digital identity management in Norway is a success in many respects, it faces serious challenges and deficiencies, states Marte Eidsand Kjørven. She is a professor at the Department of Private Law at the University of Oslo. Photo: UiO.
Although digital identity management in Norway is a success in many respects, it faces serious challenges and deficiencies, states Marte Eidsand Kjørven. She is a professor at the Department of Private Law at the University of Oslo and has led the project ""Societal Security and Digital Identities,"" known as the SODI project. 
Kjørven received the Rule of Law Award (Rettssikkerhetsprisen) for this work in 2024.
Market-based electronic solutions such as BankID, Buypass, and Comfides have contributed significantly to the digitalization of both the private and public sectors.
 These ""universal keys"" provide access to a range of vital services for large portions of the population, including online banking, tax services, health services, and Altinn.
At the same time, these solutions bring serious challenges related to social exclusion, ID abuse, and failing legal protection. Digital identity management is complex, functioning almost as an ecosystem with numerous actors, technical solutions, and legal regulations. This digitalization has occurred rapidly.
In a podcastepisode at 'Universitetspodden' Kjørven and Henriksen discuss the problems (only in norwegian).

However, Kjørven explains that the legal rules intended to ensure responsible digitalization do not sufficiently account for the serious consequences this has brought about.
In the project's final report, the research group directs scathing criticism at what they believe are serious failings in the public governance of digital identity management in Norway. The word ""catastrophe"" is communicated clearly as early as the introduction.
Key terms Kjørven uses to describe this catastrophe include disclaimers of responsibility, lack of legal protection resulting in financial miscarriages of justice, human rights violations, and challenges to democracy and national security.
It is vital to maintain good control over who has access to electronic ID solutions to avoid abuse and fraud. Simultaneously, digital exclusion is a major problem under current conditions.
Digital identity management is characterized by some actors and parts of the population reaping the benefits, while vulnerable groups bear the disadvantages and costs. 
For many elderly people and individuals with disabilities, it is impossible to use electronic ID solutions without assistance. 
The report tells the story of Bendik, who has Down syndrome and is denied BankID, thereby losing access to digital public services due to his diagnosis.
– When a ""universal key"" in the form of an eID is necessary for access to essential services and real participation in society, the consequences are extremely serious for those without such a key, Kjørven points out. 
Norwegian authorities have left it to private actors to decide who shall have access to digital public services and who shall be excluded and thus disempowered.
Kjørven believes it can be difficult for those who have access to the digital services they need to imagine how intrusive it is to lack an eID, and BankID in particular.
– These people have not just been left on the platform while the digitalization train has raced past; they have been sent on a train moving backwards. 
They do not have access to the same basic services as others, which constitutes a very serious problem, including from a human rights perspective, the law professor emphasizes.
Several serious digital fraud cases have been featured in the media in recent years.
 Phishing for personal information is common method fraudsters use to trick victims into giving up usernames, passwords, and credit card numbers. Last year, DNB customers were targeted in fraud attempts worth over 3.3 billion NOK, a 30 per cent increase from the previous year. Of these, the bank managed to stop 3 billion NOK from falling into criminal hands.
Criminals who steal others' electronic IDs can manipulate information in public registers, apply for loans, transfer money, set up companies, and receive public benefits on false grounds. This leads to major losses for individuals, companies, and the public sector.
Individuals can have their finances destroyed and, in extreme cases, face criminal prosecution and miscarriages of justice. Some are forced to move from their homes and have their entire futures ruined.
– These are millions of pounds from the welfare state, individuals, and businesses being channeled into organized crime, which can contribute to increased criminality and all the associated consequences, Kjørven explains.
Fraud within close relationships is also not uncommon, and the Supreme Court is currently hearing such a case. A man handed over his BankID to his ex-partner to get help with daily tasks due to mental health challenges. The woman abused this access to take out several large consumer loans, for which she was later criminally convicted.
Nevertheless, the credit company has sued the man to cover its loss. The Supreme Court must decide whether the voluntary handover of BankID can mean the man is legally bound to cover the loss, despite being a victim of fraud and identity theft.
It is also noted that BankID code devices have for years been sent to customers via the post without any verification of who collects them.
At the heart of these challenges lies the absence of a holistic strategy and governance of digital identity management in Norway, according to the project group. They write in the report that responsibilities are fragmented, coordination fails, and there is a lack of democratic anchoring. They believe important decision-making processes are opaque and that stakeholders are not sufficiently involved.
The report proposes how these problems can be mitigated and how the field can be managed more holistically. It contains a range of objectives and measures and resembles an Official Norwegian Report (NOU), Kjørven suggests.
The report and its recommendations are based on collaboration between four research institutions in Norway and Estonia, as well as various public and private partners, including the Tax Administration (Skatteetaten) and one of their directors, Marianne Henriksen.
Marianne Henriksen believes the criticism presented in the report is constructive and justified. 
– The SODI project has done a very important job that the public sector can benefit from. 
The Tax Administration has collaborated with the project through its role as owner of the National Population Register (Folkeregisteret). She describes the project's research as well-founded, constructive, and valuable.
 
The SODI project is funded by the Research Council of Norway and began in 2021 as a multidisciplinary collaborative project. The project group included Rolf Riisnæs, Tobias Mahler, Malcolm Langford, Tone Linn Wærstad, and Petter Omland (all from UiO), as well as Kristian Gjøsteen (NTNU). The report also draws on practical experience from the legal aid service ""ID-juristen"".
Contact us
Find us
Cookies
Accessibility statement (in Norwegian only)

Managing editor research 
"
90,2026-05-29,"Search
Follow us on social media
Follow us on social media

                        Last updated: May 29th, 2026 at 09:17 UTC+02:00                    
SamMobile has affiliate and sponsored partnerships, we may earn a commission.
This feature similar to iPhones, but you can disable it if you don't like it.
Reading time: 2 minutes
Abhijeet Mishra / SamMobile
Calling on the Galaxy S26 Ultra - Source: Abhijeet Mishra / SamMobile
Samsung recently released the beta version of One UI 9 for the Galaxy S26 series, and the list of user-facing changes is extremely small compared to One UI 8.5. However, we've found one minor improvement that brings all your calls, both audio and video, into one place.

The stock dialer app, Samsung Phone, can now display calls from third-party apps like Google Meet and WhatsApp. This feature is based on a new capability Google introduced with Android 17. Since One UI 9 is based on Android 17, it brings third-party call log integration to Galaxy phones. Currently, the feature appears to be compatible with Google Meet and WhatsApp, while Telegram does not yet support it.

Asif Iqbal Shaik / SamMobile

Calls from third-party apps listed in Samsung Phone app on One UI 9.0 – Source: Asif Iqbal Shaik / SamMobile
                                                                                
Asif Iqbal Shaik / SamMobile
                                            
Third-party call details in Samsung Phone app in One UI 9.0 – Source: Asif Iqbal Shaik / SamMobile

This feature is enabled by default. However, as you can see in the screenshots below, you can disable third-party call log integration if you prefer not to have those calls appear in the stock dialer app. To enable or disable this feature, follow the steps below.

Asif Iqbal Shaik / SamMobile

Samsung Phone app's Other Calling Apps setting in One UI 9.0 – Source: Asif Iqbal Shaik / SamMobile
                                                                                
Asif Iqbal Shaik / SamMobile
                                            
Samsung Phone app compatible third-party calling apps in One UI 9.0 – Source: Asif Iqbal Shaik / SamMobile
                                                                                
Google showcased this feature a few months ago when it released the first Android 17 beta update. All devices running Android 17 are expected to support it, and more third-party calling apps could adopt the feature in the future as Android 17 becomes more widely available.

Asif is a computer engineer turned technology journalist. He has been using Samsung phones since 2004, and his current smartphone is the Galaxy S23 Ultra. He loves headphones, mechanical keyboards, and PC hardware. When not writing about technology, he likes watching crime and science fiction movies and TV shows.
© 2026 SamMobile. All rights reserved."
91,2026-05-29,"The four-layer agent framework, five production lessons, and a citation-outreach fleet built for cross-engine AI search.
See which AI platforms drive local conversions by vertical, backed by 20M call-tracking data points and 20 expert tactics.
What to measure, which signals to prioritize, and how to guide automation before AI Max becomes the default.
Learn which signals AI engines actually reward and how to build content systems designed for AI visibility.
Reddit outranks your brand in AI answers. Learn the 5 plays multi-location brands use to fix that, straight from Uberall and Reddit.
Reddit outranks your brand in AI answers. Learn the 5 plays multi-location brands use to fix that, straight from Uberall and Reddit.
🔥SEJ Live is Back! The AI Search Playbook.
Discover the challenges and solutions for using AI content in SEO. Adapt to new long-tail queries and enhance your strategy today.
Most in-house SEO teams and agencies have adopted AI for content briefs, drafts, on-page recommendations, and technical audits.
The output is up, but two things are happening at once, and SEO teams have to solve both:
Search behavior has shifted. Long-tail queries (10+ words) have grown sharply, query complexity is up, and the queries that drive real intent now look more like natural speech than the keyword-stuffed phrases SEO was optimized for three years ago. AI trained on the open web is still writing for the older patterns. The result: a content library that goes to market faster than ever but matches fewer of the queries that actually convert.
The fix is in the training information. AI needs training material that already speaks in natural language, and the inputs SEO teams need are sitting in their own first-party data sources, organized into something the whole department can run.
Even when teams figure out the input problem, many times, the productivity gain doesn’t pass on to the rest of the department. AI lives inside one person’s saved prompts or one writer’s personal workflow. When that person is out for the week or moves teams, the output and workflow disappears with them.
In The 4-Layer AI Ops Playbook: From Better AI Output To Strong SEO Results, CallRail’s Darrell Tyler walks through the documented system his team uses across SMB and agency-side SEO to solve both halves. Four layers: Knowledge, Workflow, Governance, Application.
When the four layers are documented and shared, AI gets fed the natural-language inputs that match how people actually search now, and the team gets its hours back from the repetitive lifts (content optimization passes, rank reporting, technical audits at scale) for keyword strategy, content planning, and on-page and technical QA across products.
3 things SEO & content folks walk away with:
In-house SEO leads, content marketing managers, and the agencies serving SMB clients. Anyone who has invested in AI tooling and is still trying to justify the spend to leadership. Anyone scaling content output without scaling the headcount that produces it.

                Heather has over 20 years of industry experience and is the VP of Sales & Marketing at Search Engine Journal. ...             

                            Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                        
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.

                            Join 75,000+ Digital Leaders.                        
Learn how to connect search, AI, and PPC into one unstoppable strategy.
In a world ruled by algorithms, SEJ brings timely, relevant information for SEOs, marketers, and entrepreneurs to optimize and grow their businesses -- and careers.

               Copyright © 2026 Search Engine Journal. All rights reserved. Published by Alpha Brand Media.
            "
92,2026-05-29,"Cords, crystals, and some of the most unexpected tiny watches you’ve ever seen.
Winter is over! And we’ve never been so excited to retire our cold-weather clothes (s/o Punxsutawney Phil for that extra-long winter). Lucky for us, the spring/summer 2026 trends are making the transition even more exciting. The runways were full of fresh inspiration that we’re now living in.
Designers like Dries Van Noten, Miu Miu, Tory Burch, and many more have some incredibly opulent and exciting jewelry trends we’ve been getting into. Crystal-heavy inspo had a major moment in Milan, with agate-forward pendants at Roberto Cavalli and eye-popping stones at Bottega Veneta. And don’t get me started on the layered locket looks from Chloé and Meryll Rogge that bring a sweet blend of antique luxury and middle school nostalgia. Next, there are the tiny watches popping up in the most surprising places and key fob details making belts everywhere much more exciting, thanks to Dior and Miu Miu. Sweet seashell details and rustic cord chains round out the season with an appropriate mix of dainty and outdoorsy.
There’s really something for everyone when it comes to spring 2026’s jewelry trends. Proof is everywhere: My social feed, on the red carpet, and on my commute—everyday eye candy has gotten much more interesting! For Cosmo’s take on the rest of spring 2026’s fashion trends, check out our trend report, with coverage on which bag, shoe, and ready-to-wear items are about to be everywhere.
Dig into the rest of spring 2026 with our full fashion trends report, and don't miss our guides to this season's clothing, shoes, and bags.
The fashion set has been gravitating toward longer necklaces for a while now (see our list of 2025 jewelry trends for proof), so it’s no mistake that the ’90s souvenir shop–inspired detail would take the length to an unexpected new place. Whether it’s layers of leather cord necklaces with a cluster of pendants, like from Ralph Lauren above, or the glamorized version from Dries Van Noten, you can’t go wrong with this laid-back nod to the days of yore.
Another day, another trend middle school me would have loved, taken into the modern framework by the art of layering. The humble locket needs no introduction; its mix of vintage flair and everyday nostalgia makes it the perfect piece to add to your everyday stack. Love the classic statement gold look of the styling from Chloé’s SS26 show, but wearing it open, as it was at Meryll Rogge’s Paris runway, is also a fun new option!
While I love a diamond and a previous stone jewelry moment as much as the next person, I have to hand it to designers this season who are spotlighting agates, organic resin shapes, and other large stones for a fresh look. This red statement piece, worn looped at Roberto Cavalli’s SS26 show in Milan, would look so good with so many different spring styles, while the chunky choker from Bottega Veneta is perfect for a flashy evening out.
What time is it? Time for you to get a vintage watch—something with a slim silhouette. Stack it with bracelets or secure it over a flared sleeve to add a touch of heritage to your look. The tinier, or the more unexpected, the better. The more the merrier, according to 3.Paradis, where multiple watches adorned a sweater and bag ensemble, almost like brooches. And at Lacoste, an atypical watch face took center stage. It all goes to show that watches are ready for their moment this season.
Consider this your official sign to bring a beachy energy to your outfits. Seashell jewelry (think everything from simple necklaces to intricate layers, like the tons of tiny ones featured at Balmain, and big baubles, pictured here at the SS2026 Tory Burch show) in both natural materials and metal versions took the spotlight for spring.
Yes, keychains have had their moment dangling from bags, but spring 2026 is all about the fob, worn attached to a belt or vest, almost like a pocket watch. Of all the ways to dress up with vintage flair, this has to be one of my favorites, and we have both Jonathan Anderson’s Dior Homme and Miu Miu to thank for spring’s modern take on the styling of yesteryear.
Lead Image: Dress Tom Ford, earrings, necklace, and rings Ten Thousand Things, necklace (bottom) Isabel Marant, ring (left hand) Michael Kors. 
Styled by Brandon Tan. Hair by Rei Kawauchi for Oribe. Makeup by Sena Murahashi for Make Up For Ever. Manicure by Ada Yeung for Chanel Beauty. Models: Roo at Supreme Management, Lexi at Supreme Management, Xiaorui at the Industry Model Mgmt, and Delphine at Muse Management. Set design by Caz Slattery. Produced by Mini Title.
Rachel Torgerson is the fashion features and lifestyle director at Cosmopolitan, overseeing fashion and lifestyle coverage online, in print, and on our various social media platforms. She has over a decade of experience in the fashion and media industries. Before landing at Cosmopolitan as a digital fashion editor in 2016, she worked at Us Weekly, The Knot, and Fitness Magazine, among others. When she's not discussing runway trends, you can definitely catch her trying out (and, in many cases, failing) a new crochet cardigan pattern or in a spirited debate about the difference between the Bridgerton books vs the Netflix series. Follow her on Instagram and TikTok: @RachelTorgs 
These Spring/Summer Bag Trends Are My Everything
This Season’s Best Shoe Trends Are Here
This Spring/Summer’s Must-Know Clothing Trends
The Trends Dominating This Spring And Summer
The Only Two Coach Bags You Need to Know About RN
Bella Hadid's Levi's Shorts Are Under $35 (!!) RN
Amazon’s Cutest Swimsuits Are All Under $60
Bermuda Shorts Are All I’m Wearing This Summer
The Detail That’s Carrying Outfit Trends Right Now
The Chic Polo Trend Taking Over Summer
The Isabel Marant x Havaianas Collab Is a Dream
Burning Up? Not in These Chic Summer Work Outfits
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2026 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved."
93,2026-05-29,"With help from its Autech/NMC tuning and customization arm, Nissan has developed out quite a camper van line in Japan, ranging from adorable tiny campers to large wellness-retreat ramblers. Traditionally, those models have all been based on some form of van, but one of the latest Nissan campers to arrive as a factory option comes based instead on Nissan's top-selling SUV platform. The new X-Trail Rock Creek Multi-Bed is a rugged, versatile all-terrain camper wagon, and while it's a pure Japanese-market vehicle for now, it could have micro-camping implications for markets around the world, even the USA. 
We happened upon the X-Trail Rock Creek Multi-Bed when looking last week at Nissan's all-new pegboard-powered Clipper Multi-Rack micro-camper and found it quite interesting for a number of reasons. 
For one, it's not a van-based vehicle like all the other Nissan camper products and concepts we've looked at throughout the 2020s and beyond. A bed kit for the X-Trail puts Nissan squarely in the camper wagon market, at the cross section of everyday driving, rugged all-terrain adventuring and overnight sheltering. 
Two, the new Multi-Bed camper is built on the rugged, outdoorsy Rock Creek trim, making it a particularly sporty, all-terrain-ready camper option for those who want to explore and camp off the beaten path, not just in paved, amenity-loaded campgrounds right off the highway. 
And three – potentially the biggest of all, the X-Trail ranks as one of Nissan's most popular global vehicles, offered in over 90 countries around the world. Nissan sold more than 8 million X-Trail vehicles globally between the model's debut in late 2000 and its 25th birthday last year. 
The X-Trail nameplate may sound unfamiliar to some Americans, but for over a decade, the model has shared a platform with the Rogue, Nissan's perennial US bestseller that has contributed heavily to those 8 million global sales. 
None of that even so much as hints that Nissan will offer the X-Trail Multi-Bed anywhere outside Japan, but it certainly presents more hope than Nissan campers built atop kei vans and other JDM (Japanese Domestic Market) vehicles. 
Nissan keeps the X-Trail package highly purpose-focused and streamlined, simpler than some of the multifunctional Multi-Bed products it's released previously. The upgrade kit comprises a three-panel platform mattress sized to collapse behind the second-row seats. At camp, the mattress sets up over top the folded second row seats, running from the back of the front seats straight back to the rear of the tailgate load floor. The two-person bed offers a sleeping area measuring 180 x 115 cm (71 x 45 in). 
Because it stands atop legs and support rails and doesn't merely rest on the vehicle floor, the extended mattress leaves space below for storing gear and cargo. The hard floor panel comes as part of the kit and serves to create a neat, flat under-bed load floor. 
In developing the mattress, Nissan aimed for a mix of camping comfort and haul-anywhere ruggedness. Compatibility with the relatively low roof 25.6 in (65 cm) overhead had to be top of mind as well,  The mattress measures 2.4 in (6 cm) thick and features a rugged water-resistant Cordura fabric cover. ""Lava Red"" stitching gives the dark mattress a little pop and matches the stitching and accents of the X-Trail Rock Creek's interior. 
As for the Rock Creek itself, whether talking about the US-spec Rogue or the global X-Trail, it serves as a rugged, off-road-focused trim. In Japan, it's primarily an aesthetics package with 19-in aluminum wheels, a distinctive triple-silver-slot grille, black roof rails, fold-in side-view mirrors with FOB control, a hands-free power tailgate, and loads of Lava Red accents and Rock Creek badges inside and out. Buyers can further upgrade with exclusive options and packages that include a roof basket, rock rails and Rock Creek floor mats. 
The five-seat X-Trail Rock Creek comes powered by Nissan's e-Power self-charging hybrid system featuring e-4orce all-wheel drive with 201-hp front and 134-hp rear electric motors. The 1.5-liter variable compression turbo inline-three works as a power generator for the lithium battery-equipped electric drive. 
The X-Trail Rock Creek Multi-Bed made its world premiere at the Tokyo Auto Salon earlier this year and is available to order now for a base price of ¥5,327,300 (approx. US$33,550), including consumption tax. That's ¥570,900 (approx. $3,575) more than the base two-row X-Trail Rock Creek without Multi-Bed or any other options (in free, non-upgrade ""dark metal gray"" paint) – not exactly cheap for a basic in-SUV bed kit, but still a nice drive-away factory option to have. 
Nissan explained in its Tokyo Auto Salon announcement it added the X-Trail Rock Creek Multi-Bed to its ever-expanding light camper and sleeper van lineup in direct response to growing domestic demand for SUVs suitable for overnight stays. It sure seems to us that type of demand exists in the RV-crazed US, too, and Nissan could easily ship this kit over for use in the Rogue. 
On the other hand, the bed measures just under 6 feet (1.8 m) long, a bit short for the US market. And if that $3,500-ballpark price tag were to carry over, you'd be better shopping the aftermarket for something like the 6-foot-long Pacific Adventure Works Hideaway Double 40 platform, which fits the Rogue. That one starts at $800 but does not include a mattress. The inflatable Exped Megamat Duo Pacific Adventure Works offers checks in at $400, and you could certainly find cheaper options. 
Source: Nissan Japan
Sign up for our FREE daily New Atlas newsletter!"
94,2026-05-29,"ByMatt Randolph,
Contributor.
This week executives from both Exxon and Chevron, two of the largest oil producers in the United States came out and said oil could hit 160 dollars within weeks. Senior Vice President of Exxon Neil Chapman warned at the Bernstein conference that inventory levels of crude and gasoline are at historic lows and are reaching their operational floor. Chevron Chief Executive Mike Wirth made similar statement and alluded to oil reaching those price levels in July.  This is not a matter of politics or messaging; this is simply math. There may be no way of avoiding it.
The Energy Information Administration is now reporting that gasoline inventories in the U.S. have fallen for 15 straight weeks, while this is not unusual for spring and early summer it’s the amounts that are staggering. Inventory levels for gasoline have dropped by 40 million barrels in that time and now sit 6% below the five-year average. What is even more concerning, is that all those big, beautiful tankers Donald Trump told us about coming to the United States are still coming and will be for quite some time. These tankers are here to take our gasoline, our diesel, and our jet fuel, not just oil. This is drawing our inventories down to historic lows, and will soon put an enormous amount of pressure on prices right here in the U.S.
Now add to this the fact that we are entering into summer driving season, when demand for gasoline can easily rise by a million barrels a day during peak summer days, this means the drawdown of these inventories are only going to accelerate. We simply cannot continue to provide the world with the fuel they need; we don’t have it. Once these exports slow or stop due to us hitting operational floors, we will soon see shortages in places like Asia and Europe. That is when oil prices will spike, and we will be dealing with very high prices and extremely low inventory, this is a recipe for possibly record gas and diesel prices here in the U.S.
Oil production is down in the Middle East by over ten million barrels of oil a day according to the E.I.A. Roughly 80% of that is due to wells being shut in as the storage facilities are completely full, and the rest is due to damage to infrastructure. What this means is that once the Strait of Hormuz is open it will likely be two months minimum before tankers can make the round trip out of the area and return to start relieving the full storage tanks, only then can production resume. Every day this continues, we are deeper into shortages that are coming into July, as it would already be August at best for full flows to resume even if the Strait opened today. 
This is why reaching a deal with Iran immediately is so important, it’s also why they are gaining leverage every day. So don’t be fooled by temporary price drops that come with endless statements about deals being made. Physical barrels of oil don’t care about politics, or the message, or what the stock market is doing, and when they are gone, they are gone. "
95,2026-05-29,"There is a concept in contract law that goes by the phrase “a meeting of the minds.” As everyone knows, I’m not a lawyer, but I keep thinking about the phrase whenever I see headlines like this one from Investors Business Daily, Stock market today: Nasdaq lea…"
96,2026-05-29,"Login

Peter 
29 May 2026


Samsung Computer hardware

This February, Samsung started shipping HBM4 memory to its customers with a promise to send them samples of the improved HBM4E later this year – well, “later this year” is now. As the title says, the new variant has more capacity with the same 12-layer design, it offers higher bandwidth and runs cooler.
Samsung HBM4E design currently has a 12-layer configuration, which works out to 48GB capacity. This is up from 36GB with HBM4. Samsung is also developing 32GB (8-layer) and 64GB (16-layer) variants to give its customers more options when building their designs.
In addition to the 33% increase in capacity, HBM4E is around 20% faster – per-pin speed is now 14Gbps for a total of 3.6 terabytes per second per stack. For comparison, HBM4 does 11.7Gbps per pin and 3.6 terabytes per second per stack.
The HBM4E technology is a combination of 6th generation “1c” (10nm class) for the memory dies and a 4nm logic base die. Samsung reworked the design to improve energy efficiency by 16% – this means memory uses less power and generates less heat. But it’s even better – the new design reduces thermal resistance by at least 14%, so the memory is easier to cool too.
Samsung says that its capacity to produce HBM4 memory is growing and the new HBM4E will accelerate AI systems even more. The design has room to improve too - the 14Gbps bandwidth can be increased to 16Gbps in the future.
“Following the successful mass production of HBM4, Samsung has once again demonstrated its distinct technological edge with HBM4E. Through our advanced manufacturing capabilities and preemptive infrastructure investments, we will continue to drive the growth of the global AI memory market,” said Sang Joon Hwang, Executive Vice President and Head of Memory Development at Samsung Electronics.
Source
even graduating collage students would agree with you: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSIrJVErHwo 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWxSAK4EMG8 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l795vIhIbLY 
 
or this one where a collage used AI slop for graduat...
Ai sux
Friend have to correct you. Humans will ruin this planet.  
Even said AI is just human creation and invention. 



Phone finder




All brands



Rumor mill



Home
News
Reviews
Compare
Coverage
Glossary
FAQ
RSS
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Facebook
Twitter


© 2000-2026 GSMArena.com
Mobile version
Android app
Tools
Contact us
Merch store
Privacy
Terms of use

"
97,2026-05-29,"Create an account to share your reaction and engage with the community.
By signing up, you agree to Highsnobiety’s Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Already have an account?Sign in
Earlier this year, while perusing a preview of HOKA's spring sneaker lineup, I was smacked by a sudden realization: These are all really good. Insanely good, even. Like, every single shoe knocks it out of the park. Casual enjoyers may not notice anything but, as a whole, this selection is really strong. 
And more importantly, it's the culmination of a HOKA project a half-decade in the making. 
As parent company Deckers notches record revenue thanks in great deal to ongoing HOKA domination, HOKA's lifestyle department is kicking off a five-year plan that doubles down on its casual footwear business, as revealed exclusively to Highsnobiety. 
The signs of a HOKA revival were there. This season is HOKA's strongest to date, at least on the lifestyle front: It revived the much-missed Bondi 7, the greatest crossover performance shoe of the modern age, the Mafate Three2, Mafate Speed 2, Tor Summit, and the Ora Primo clog, some of its strongest archival styles. It also debuted fresh silhouettes like the Mach Remastered.
It's a meaty lineup, held together by high-spec high-vis materials and colorways that lean into retro running-shoe pop without feeling dated. It's also sincere. Just a bunch of HOKA classics, no attempt to ape trends. Even the HOKA Mary Jane feels like a HOKA that happens to be of the moment rather than one trying to be of the moment.
It's telling that as footwear trends wax and wane — Ballet flats! Boat shoes! Approach sneakers! — HOKA is sticking to shoes that already worked.
In fact, most of these silhouettes aren't even new. But this is the first time they've been honed into a unified whole. That's what really struck me in the first place: These aren't just great shoes. This is a great cohesive lineup. 
I figured that HOKA must have hired a new team to fuel this freshness. A new creative lead, maybe. Turns out, I was kinda right: Chris Hui, HOKA's lifestyle footwear design director, joined the Deckers-owned sportswear label back in 2023, so he's not really new. But the fruit of his team's years-long labor is only just beginning to ripen.
If you thought HOKA shoes were omnipresent before, you haven't seen anything yet.
This interview has been condensed and edited.
In short, what's the goal of HOKA's lifestyle department?
Chris Hui: A pair of shoes that's the go-to dependable daily trainer. A super important part of our lifestyle category is that people are actually out there wearing our shoes. We inject so much of the learning and technical expertise from our performance side into our lifestyle products. Even though it's not screaming at you that these are techy performance shoes, they're built with the same integrity and research.
I feel like that's been HOKA's lifestyle slogan for a long while, but what's new — or, at least, why does it feel new?
Performance has really established the brand and drives the majority of our business, but lifestyle is absolutely viewed as a core part of the future, and a big part of our plans to move forward. The business has really doubled down and invested into [lifestyle]. We brought in people like myself, like my teammates, to really give the curation that you're finally seeing come to market.
Tighter plan, creative direction, new design leadership, sharpening our collaboration partners — it was important that we did it all in a way that was strategic because the opportunity is there. We've been quite selective about how we want to represent ourselves in this market because we have long-term plans. So far the response has been as successful as we've ever planned and it's only the beginning. We're super excited to unveil Fall 2026. We're finishing up '27 and working on '28 — I think it's really gonna surprise a lot of people.
What was the impetus for this shift?
It reached a breaking point where it was so obvious. The tastemakers and the real ""front"" of, whether you wanna call it fashion or streetwear, were all adopting our brand organically. Like, we'd go to Fashion Week and a triple-black Bondi 8 was part of the uniform for stylists and designers. Not so much the people who are there to be seen but the people who actually driving the industry.
It was a very clear signal to the brand that there's something here and if we don't make a plan for how we want to show up, we're leaving ourselves at the mercy of wherever the market takes us. That's when a team of industry experts was brought in to build out a new perspective. All of those leads were assembled to build this plan that's just beginning to execute in 2026. It's a five-year plan that's just beginning to hit.
No one does triple black sneakers like HOKA. In fact, all-black HOKAs were probably the first all-black sneakers I really liked, because they emphasized the sneakers' distinct shape.
I love that. We treat triple black colorways with the same amount of attention as what other brands might do with like signature shoes or like OG colorways.
That feels like a good distillation of HOKA's design ethos at large.
We place a ton of importance and belief in the the weight of good design. Every time we're planning a new season, reviewing the designs of a new line, we ask ourselves, ""Are these designs taking us somewhere new? Are they distinct and memorable?"" Without good product and design, brands wouldn't exist.
The second we become an ""everything"" brand or a jack of all trades, then we lose what made us so special in the first place. So, we have very specific points in our plan of how we begin to diversify and build those bridges to new spaces and expand the aperture of what HOKA represents as a brand.
I noticed that there's a lot of returning and archival silhouettes, not a lot of ""on-trend"" styles save for maybe the Mary Jane.
We always wanna break people's expectations. When we do [trends], we want them to be quintessentially HOKA. So when we built the Mary Jane, it was gonna be on a Bondi. It was that juxtaposition of something that's known to be so small and petite on our biggest silhouette — that felt to us as the only solution that we could offer the marketplace.
The way we answer other trends is gonna be the same: It has to be undeniably HOKA or we won't do it. It's too important to us to maintain our credibility and our point of view, especially as we're trying to stay focused.
Well, I have to ask: one of the defining HOKA factors are the thick soles. Will HOKA ever do a flat shoe?
This is what I'll say: HOKA has always wanted to do things that people don't expect. So, I would never say that anything is off the table for us. That's what makes the future so exciting.
Highsnobiety has affiliate marketing partnerships, which means we may receive a commission from your purchase. Want to shop the products our editors actually love? Visit HS Shopping and subscribe to Shopper for recs on all things fashion, footwear, and beauty.
Jake Silbert is Highsnobiety's Director of News. An award-winning writer, Jake has nearly a decade of experience overseeing fashion publications, leading editorial teams, and publishing in print media. Jake previously lived in Japan, following a multi-year obsession with Japanese fashion, food, and design, before moving back to America to begin a career as a writer and editor. At Highsnobiety, Jake explores subjects that range from Tory Burch’s rebranding to the humble beauty of brown clothes to the last collaborative Louis Vuitton collection ideated by NIGO and the late Virgil Abloh, for which he conducted one of Abloh’s final interviews. Jake is perhaps best known for tackling divisive subjects, such as Supreme’s waning relevance, that incite discussion among even people who only read the article’s headline (believe it or not). Previously, Jake pitched, wrote, and edited content for a handful of burgeoning digital publications, even drafting think pieces for social media simply for the sake of spreading the good word about good clothing. That’s what it all comes back to for Jake: good clothing. Jake lives in New York City where he’s perpetually hunting for the best bagel and collecting .mp3s like a boomer. Loves: chunky walking sneakers, washed-out clothing, Simpsons podcasts, Dark Souls speedruns. Hates: overripe apples, sweaty summer humidity.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you."
